Hail the King


HTK • Quốc Vương Vạn Tuế • 国王万岁





An ordinary student accidentally traveled into an other universe and became the king of a small kingdom. He had gotten a “Cheating Code” of life and was able to complete something extraordinary. This is the story about a king that was able to conquer continents and leave behind him an ultimate legend that will be recited between every generation to come.



Author(s):Mad Blade During Troubled Times, Warrying Blade, 乱世狂刀

Artist(s): Big Udon

Year: 2011

Country: China

Genres:Action, Adventure, Fantasy, Harem, Martial Arts, Mature, Xuanhuan

Tags:Adapted to Manhua, Aristocracy, Army, Army Building, Arrogant Characters, Assassinations, Cheats, Conspiracies, Cultivation, Cunning Protagonist, Domestic Affairs, Fanfiction, Fast Cultivation, Game Elements, Genius Protagonist, Handsome Male Lead, Healers, Jack of All Trades, Kingdom Building, Level System, Loyal Subordinates, Male Protagonist, Medieval, Military, Modern Knowledge, Necromancer, Nobles, Parallel Worlds, Pets, Polygamy, Religions, Romantic Subplot, Royalty, Ruthless Protagonist, Special Abilities, Sword And Magic, Transported into Another World, Unique Cultivation Technique, Wars

Translator(s):Noodletown Translated, Imported



* * *



ASIANOVEL VERSION: 3.1

EPUB VERSION: 2.0

UUID: 109d7d60-1eb7-11e9-ba99-db0f80d8d8df

USER: Zarahustra

DATE CREATED: 2019-01-23

LANGUAGE: English



* * *



More info and chapters: https://www.asianovel.com/series/hail-the-king





Chapter 1




Chapter 1: I’m the King?

“Danger! Protect the King!”

Someone was screaming like a hen which had lost its eggs. Fei heard the noise. He forced open his sleepy eyes and focused on a bright object flying towards him. Fei’s brain slowly identified the object as an arrow, which was hurdling towards him so fast that the air appeared to rip in front of it.

“Damn, what’s going on? Which asshole is shooting at me?”

Fei was immediately scared awake, with all the hair on his body standing on its end.

However, the arrow hit him before he was able to react.

Beng ———-

The arrow clanged against his helmet.

The arrow had not penetrated but had shook the helmet, disorientating Fei. Fei felt his ears were ringing, the sky and the ground were spinning and stars were circling before his eyes. His body was knocked back, like a Barbie doll blown away by a shotgun.

“Ah……..Shit!”

He cried out in pain as he felt his body ragdoll through the air.

“Oh God! The king is wounded! Help!”

“Soldier! Catch the king!”

“Andy! Andy!! Why are you still standing there? Go get the priests and mages!”

“Hey! Those son of bitches down there are trying to overtake the castle again!” A soldier pointed at the army dressed in black that surrounded the castle.

“Shit! Shit! Someone tell me why they have siege ladders!”

“Archers Ready! ……. Shoot!”

Fei heard the commands being shouted and the chaotic footsteps while he was still airborne. He was confused. The king? Mages? Priest? Archers? Siege? Where is this? Is this in the middle of a movie shoot? What the hell is going on?

Immediately, he felt his body collide with the cold stone floor.

His butt made contact with the rock solid ground first before his helmeted head smashed into the wall.

There were more stars dancing before his eyes. As the noises was getting louder and louder around him, his mind was slowly blacking out again.

“What king? Why does it feel like they are talking about me?”

“Fuck! Who gives a shit about kings or queens! You guys better not let me know who shot that arrow, or I’m gonna fucking kill that guy!” Fei thought vaguely.

His head was almost punctured by an arrow when he had just woken up. He was so scared yet mad at the same time, so he couldn’t help but swear in his mind.

Suddenly, the sensation of pain flooded his entire body. He collapsed on the floor, just like a dog that had eaten a ton of chocolate, choked a couple times and fainted.

………

………

Don’t know in how long, Fei woke up for the second time. His head felt sluggish and he could only vaguely perceive his surroundings.

He felt like he was lying on a soft cloud, but as he tried to move, sharp pangs of pain and soreness declared his body’s unwillingness to move. His head was still heavy as if someone had clobbered him with a stick. He couldn’t open his eyes either. All he could gather was two female voices whispering around him.

“Angela, you’re so silly. I wouldn’t care so much about him if I were you. If he dies, you will easily own everything in the Chambord Kingdom and you don’t even have to marry this royal idiot.”

From the crisp voice and sweet giggles, Fei estimated that they were young girls around the age of 15.

“Watch what you are saying!”

Another gentle voice interrupted slight angrily. After a few seconds of pause as if she is adjusting her attitude, she continued. “Emma, my silly little sister, do you know what you are saying? Don’t ever say such things….. After all, Alexander is my fiance!”

“Alexander? Who the heck is Alexander?” Fei thought. He had absolutely no idea of what was going on.

He smelled a little fragrance. The natural sweet body odor of women.

Fei tried hard to open his eyes, and as his heavy eyelids finally budged, he was surprised by what he saw.

He found himself inside what appeared to be a luxury medieval European palace, with magnificent decors, royal furniture and an lavender scent; as if he was in a dream.

He was shocked. He started observing his surroundings after he felt that he had control of his neck again.

Two perfectly postured females appeared in front of him.

The one that was farther away was a young girl dressed in a maid uniform, her blonde hair was simply styled into a pig tail. She pouted her mouth. Clearly, she was unhappy to see him awake.

“She must be the one who didn’t care about the Alexander.” Fei thought, “Although she is young, she is too cold blooded.”

As his sight moved closer, he realized that he was lying on a dark red, gold gilded king sized bed. His head was resting on a soft velvet pillow. A beautiful girl was sitting on the side of the bed with worry written all over her face.

Her silky black hair was like dark cloud tied together with a purple string. Her skin was paler than snow and smoother than ice. The violet tunic skirt elevated her curves, making her appear like a goddess that most men would dream of seeing. She was just perfect

“kokokoko..” Fei coughed intentionally to get their attention.

“You are awake!?”The black haired beauty Angela bent over. Her expression quickly became one of surprise and happiness. “Alexander, how are you feeling? Are you still in pain? Priest Evan said that you have to rest properly…”

“I … em,,,,,, What happened?” Fei didn’t know what to say. Right after he said it, he was shocked!

He discovered something unbelievable

Angela was using an ancient and weird sounding language. Although Fei was a student in the graduate program at a university that specialized in language, he never heard of this type of speech. However strangely, he doesn’t just understand the language, he can speak it as well.

“Alexander, did you forget? When you were leading the soldiers protecting the kingdom, a sneaky enemy shot you with an arrow. Thank god you were wearing your helmet, or else you might have had to pay a larger price.” Angela explained.

She gently placed her left hand on Fei’s forehead. It wasn’t hot. Surprise flashed through her eyes. “ Great! Your body temperature is back to normal. Priest Evan said that as long as you don’t have a fever, everything will be alright. Alexander, you are a brave king!”

“Me? Alexander? King?” Fei didn’t know what was going on.

“That’s right, our young and brave king of Chambord. It’s all because of you! You appeared on the fortress walls just in time and boosted the morale of our soldiers so they could fend off another wave of attackers from the invading army!” Angela said with a smile on her face.

Fei felt strange. For some reason, he felt like the tonality of the girl was like a kindergarden teacher trying to comfort a crying kid.

“He is no brave king.”

Emma, the blonde girl said with a tone of hostility “if it wasn’t for General Bizzer’s repeated request, Alexander will go up there voluntarily? I remember that he almost peed his pants when he was putting on his armor. Boosting morale? If seeing the king got shot off the defense wall like a moron the moment he got up there counts as boosting the morale, then I guess he did.”

Although Fei didn’t know if what Emma said was true or not, he didn’t have time to figure that out.

His mind was messed up.

“What the hell. Didn’t I got smashed by something on the head at the doorstep of my apartment? Then when I woke up, I’m at this Chambord Kingdom that I never heard about and I’m the king Alexander? And this beauty in front of me is my fiancé?

Fei gave himself a few tap on the forehead.

“Is this a prank? Or am I in a different universe?” Fei thought. “This doesn’t seem like a prank. The beauty of Angela is out of this world, who would pay her to prank me? And that Emma is super cute too.”

“Most importantly, I could understand and speak this strange ancient language that I never heard about…” Fei quickly analyzed his situation.



* * *





Chapter 2




Chapter 2: The Idiot became a Mad Man

Angela held on tight to the edge of the bed, her mind anxiously racing as worry filled her widened eyes.

“Poor Alexander, I hope the fall didn’t damage his brain. Although he wasn’t very bright before, at least he could talk.”

At the moment, a loud, arrogant echoed from beyond the doorway.

“Alexander! I heard that you were injured.” A grimace flickered across the girls’ faces as they turned towards the source of the sound. The voice drew the tone out as if to mockingly be concerned.

“Is everything alright?”

Fei looked up and noticed that a well-dressed, chubby man had barged through the doors to the palace bedroom. An icy laugh slipped between his crooked lips.

“Gill, what are you doing here?” Angela said coldly. Fei felt the tension between the shady, obese newcomer and the beauty beside him.

It was clear that they were not on good terms.

“Haha… Angela, my angel, whatever do you mean? I heard my dear friend Alexander got injured and was worried. What’s wrong with me coming by to check up on him?”

The fat noble casually walked up and sat right on a side of the bed as if it was his own.

“Gill, what are you doing! How dare you to sit on the bed of the king!” Emma angrily exclaimed.

Gill shot a look at Emma. Lust and malice flashed through his eyes. He licked his thick, sausage-like lips and retorted. “Shut up, you low class slave. Don’t say anything that you’ll regret.” He then leisurely turned around and glanced at Fei. The expression was not someone showing empathy for an injured friend, but more like the gloating of looking at an injured animal. Fei was looking at Gill at the same time.

He felt the scorn, malice and sarcasm in Gill’s eyes; Gill was not hiding his feelings even a little bit.

Fei was confused. “Is this ugly meatball really Alexander’s friend? His face has so many chins, yet he’s brave enough to show that mess to even the king? Does he have a strong family background as well?

As Fei was thinking, Gill started to squish Fei’s face with his oily hands as if it was a toy. The move was so natural that it seemed like Gill has done it thousands of times.

“Alexander, looks like you are fine, Haha. I have a few important guests this afternoon to host, so how about you come with me?” Gill was smiling, but the tone at which he said it was not like an invitation but a command.

He squished Fei’s face a little bit more, and slapped it a little. Gill loved this feeling — treating the king like a pet.

He then started thinking out loud, about how was it possible that someone like Alexander became the king. “He has a three year old’s intelligence at the age of seventeen, yet why does the god love him so much that he gave him the throne?”

When Gill was enjoying himself, something unexpected happened.

“Slap!”

Gill covered up his left cheek with his hand. A vivid red hand mark had appeared on his cheek just like paint being flung onto an abstract painting. His expression was the textbook definition of shock.

Both Angela and Emma had felt uncomfortable when Gill appeared but the slap had shocked them as well. They couldn’t believe what they saw.

Alexander had always acted meek and cowardly and thus he had always been picked on by Gill due to his unwillingness to fight back.

“He just smacked Gill’s face! Did that actually just happen?” Although it was shocking, they were thrilled. They had tolerated Gill for a long time.

“How … how dare you!”

“Fag, if you touch me again with your disgusting hand, I’m gonna shove my foot up your ass!” Fei said.

Gill had made Fei very frustrated, and Fei was not a gentle person when dealing with people that make him upset.

Gill shoved a fat sausage finger at Fei and screamed. He was so mad that all the fat on his body was shaking as if he was a Parkinson inflicted pudding.

“How dare you slap me, you bastard!” Gill yelled again and again.

Fei didn’t respond. He was trying to push his body up.

“How dare he yell at the palace?” Fei was perplexed. None of the king’s guards showed up like they were supposed to. “Could he really be someone that important that a king can’t punish?”

As Fei was thinking, Gill had made a mad decision. He pounced at Fei, seeming like he wanted revenge.

“Stop it!” Angela commanded, “Gill, you are just the son of a Minister, how dare you do such a thing!”

No matter what Angela was shouting, nothing affect Gill as he kept his eyes locked on Fei. Angela and Emma tried their best to protect Fei by pulling on Gill’s robes.

However, there was no way the both of them were any match for Gill.

“Slap!”

Frustrated Gill slapped Emma across her face. The force send her back a couple yards. Her pretty face was swelling up on the cheek as tears filled her eyes.

Gill grabbed Angela by her wrist next and pulled her towards him. He lowered his head onto Angela’s neck. He sniffed a couple time enjoyably and pervertedly said: “Beautiful Angela, this retarded Alexander is never going to be good enough for you. Look at him, he doesn’t resemble anything of a king. He had made a mess of Chambord Kingdom after just inheriting the throne. Hehe, Angela; how about becoming my women.”

He was holding tight onto Angela’s wrist; the warm and smooth sensation of her body broke down the last bit of his reasoning. He forgot he was inside the king’s palace and Angela was the future queen. In the momentum that came from his loss of sanity, he tried to kiss Angela’s lips forcefully.

Suddenly.

“Peng!”

A metal helmet “kissed” his forehead instead. But with that amount of force, it was more like a smack of a hammer.

This attack was so sudden that Gill didn’t even see it coming. Surprised at the blood gushing out of the wound, he screamed as he fell back and let go of Angela’s wrist.

Angela once again witnessed something that she thought wouldn’t happen in this life time and was speechless.

As Fei picked up the helmet off the ground, he sneered: “How dare you touch my woman, you fat motherfucker! How dare you touch the King! I’m gonna beat you until you become quadriplegic or, I swear to god, I’m not the King!”

He was feeling better as he swore, thinking to himself. “Man, I was scared by this fat tub of lard. I thought he was some important figure, but it turned out that he is just the son of a minister. I can fuck him up any day of the week!”

It was dead silent in the royal bedroom. They could hear the sound of a needle dropping onto the ground.

Although there were already many times Fei’s actions had shocked both Angela and Emma, This time, they sensed that something was different. “It is not possible! How could it be?” They stared at Fei “It feels like the seventeen years old retard Alexander who listened to Gill all the time has … changed.”

Gill was lying motionless on the floor. His mind was blank. He sensed that Alexander’s personality has changed too much.

Fei’s actions in Alexander’s body had scared Gill due to how out of character it was. That blow from the helmet was full of power and felt as though Fei was actually trying to kill him.

After a couple seconds, he calmed down. He thought about why he came to the palace today and he decided to give it all he’s got.

He lifted his left hand and a strange and mysterious spell rolled off of his tongue. A ball of fire was forming upon his hand and a burning sensation was filling the whole palace.

Gill forgot how he felt earlier and suddenly became a lot braver. He mocked at Fei: “You, the King? Ha. Except yourself, who do you think considers you as our king in the entire Chambord Kingdom? How dare you hit me? Alexander, prepare to feel the wrath of a prestige mage!”

Fei was still posing in a brave posture trying to impress Angela and Emma. But when he saw the fireball forming, his pupil contracted a little: “ Ma..Mage? Holy shit this dumb fucker is a mage? Looks like he’s got some skills. What should I do? Man I shouldn’t have made that decision under impulse. If I knew this, I would have tried to talk him out of it rather than using force…”

Fei was trying to think of a solution to this hot mess.

He looked at the burning fireball on Gill’s hand and the dented helmet in his hand and thought: “What the hell is this? If we are going to fight, at least give me a sword or some sort of weapon.” He thought for a few seconds and started yelling, “Guards… Guards! Assassins! Someone is trying to assassinate me!”

“Haha, that’s no use!”

Gill laughed as he flicked his hand and the red hot projectile flew toward Fei’s face like a bullet.

Last Chapter



* * *





Chapter 3




Chapter 3: Don’t ever do that

“AAAAHHHHHH!!!”

Angela screamed. As the flames grew in Gill’s hand, she frantically looked for ways to stop him. However, it was all useless.

“Shit!” Fei couldn’t do anything else but to try to block it with the helmet he was holding in his hand.

Boom! The fireball collided with the helmet, producing a burst of sparks and smoke. The helmet had turned red hot and splattered as it started to melt.

“Ssii………………” Fei smelled burned flesh.

He rushed as he tried to get the melting metal helmet off of his hand. Although he acted as fast as he could, the layer of skin on his inner palm had burned off already.

The fireball appeared to have run out of energy, fizzing and finally became extinguished.

Fei didn’t have time to relax as he immediately saw another fireball forming upon Gill’s hand.

Judging from Gill’s sweaty face, it was obvious that he was concentrating extremely hard to finish Fei off with this one.

This time, Fei had nothing to block it with.

“This is not fair!” Fei yelled “I challenge you to a wrestling match! Didn’t your parents teach you that kids playing with fire will pee their pants!?”

“What??” Angela and Emma were shocked speechless. “Since was there such as saying?”

“Looks like Alexander is still an idiot.” Both of them thought disappointedly.

However, what they didn’t notice was that Fei had slowly moved to the other side of the bed and managed to pick up the cuirass that he wore on the walls. He hid it behind his back as he slowly inched his way back towards Gill.

“Just wait! Once you get in my reach, I will teach you a lesson in place of your parents!” Fei calculated the distance between them and was preparing to use some sneaky and dirty tactics to deal with Gill.

But —

“Pee your own motherfucking pants!”

Gill was furious, he was not going to hold back his wrath of a “Prestigious mage”. He made up his mind to punish the “retard king” for what he did.

“Hu—”

The second fireball was flung towards Fei.

Angela reacted fast. Although she so scared that her face paled, she made up her mind to save Fei by blocking the fireball with her body.

Seeing Angela suddenly appear in front of Fei, Gill went into shock and tried to retrieve his fireball. However, it was already too late.

Fei reacted immediately, “Shit!”. Without thinking, Fei grabbed Angela’s shoulder and pressed her against his chest as he turned his body around. He felt the heat scorch across his back.

“Shit! I’m gonna die!!”

At very moment,

“Pu– !”

A big hand appeared out of nowhere and grabbed the fireball. It gave it a light squeeze, completely indifferent to the extreme heat radiating off of it. Fei watched with wide eyes as the fireball that could melt a metal helmet collapsed like an ice cream in a hot summer day.

Hope was restored to Fei as he let go of Angela.

“A master!” He thought.

At the same time, the Gill’s face froze. He stared at the man who appeared in the palace, his face turning paler than flour and his body starting to shake uncontrollably.

Like a mouse that saw a cat, Gill was so scared that his voice turned into a completely different tone: “ Mr. Lam–lam–lampard, Why–y–y are you here? I–I–I–”

Gill started sweating like crazy as he tried to explain himself.

This “Mr. Lampard” didn’t even look at Gill. He turned around and slightly bowed to Angela respectfully, and then looked at Fei coldly and said “Alexander, you majesty.”

Fei took a detailed look at this “Master”

In front of him stood a handsome, 6 foot 5 Caucasian man. With hair so red and vivid, it looked like a mane of burning fire.

What stood out the most was the huge 5 foot long sword he was carrying on his back. It was as black as coal and looked to weigh about 200 pounds.

The thing that confused Fei was that although this “master” was strong, his face was a bit pale. Fei guessed that he may have been injured in the siege.

Fei also felt strange. Lampard saved him, but he wasn’t very friendly towards him. Fei sensed a little bit of sad and hopelessness in his stares. Fei didn’t know who he really was so he just noded in response.

“Mr. Lam–Lampard, can I go now?” Gill was extremely scared

Lampard didn’t even look at him: “Go? Aren’t you going to explain your offensive behaviour towards the king?”

“Ah, Explain? Well…you know… I was only joking. Yeah! joking! You know I had grown up with him, right? I just didn’t control my magic properly. I’m only a novice mage, not even a star rank..”

Gill quickly found an excuse.

He was BSing so fluently that he almost believed in what he was saying.

As he was spewing out excuses, he saw sensed a cold stare as sharp as a blade on his neck from Lampard. He knew that this man could kill him as easily as an ant. He was scared to continue to say anything so he shut himself up and sheepishly smiled.

Lampard had a disgusted look on his face.

He closed his hand and everyone in the palace felt an invisible pressure.

But Lampard’s face showed that he had thought of something. He hesitated a bit; then opened his palm again and the pressure was gone. “Get out of here! There’s no next time!” Lampard said as if he was shooing away a fly.

“Ok ok ok..” Gill was relieved like a prisoner who received death penalty just got a pardon. He exhaled rapidly and bowed down to the tall man carrying the sword.

“Wait!”

As Gill was preparing to leave this place, Fei suddenly stopped him.

Gill looked at Lampard, but the old man didn’t say a word. He had to stop and listen to what Fei had say.

Fei gave his widest smile as he got closer and closer to Gill.

He casually put his hand onto Gill’s shoulder. Everyone thought the king was going to say something to comfort Gill because of his friendliness.

However-

He didn’t say anything and started to slap Gill on the face like crazy. “Don’t ever do that again! Don’t ever fucking do that again!” He kept on yelling as he was slapping.

“Pia – Pia – Pia – Pia —”

The sound of the slaps almost formed a symphony.

Fei’s action send Angela and Emma into a shock once more. The “cold” faced Lampard was surprised by this as well.

“Is this brutal and crazy man the king? Is this really the idiot king Alexander?

Poor Gill didn’t know what to do. The appearance of Lampard had scared him into not using his abilities, and now he’s afraid to even defend himself against Fei’s assault.

Gill regretted what he did as Fei gets his revenge. “If I knew Alexander became this shameless after being shot by an arrow, I’d never have come here !” He cried in his mind.

Fei finally stopped as his hand became numb.

Gill thought his nightmare was over as he stopped sniveling like a bitch.

Who knew that Fei rubbed his hands and kicked Gill right in the nether regions? He screamed in pain. His body quickly reacted by mimicking a fried shrimp. He bent his back and started to desperately crawl out of the palace as if he was escaping hell.

He had finally learnt his lesson and didn’t want to ever see this insane king ever again.

“You got lucky this time!” Fei yelled at Gill.

He was a simple man. He was not going to taking any sort of humiliation and act like nothing happen. He wanted revenge on the spot.

After releasing his anger on GIll, he felt much better.

As Fei turned around, He saw the shocked expressions on Angela, Emma and Lampard’s face. They were staring at him as if he was some unknown monster.

“Shit! Did I over react?’ Fei thought.

“Oh! My head is dizzy, I’m fainting!” He fell onto the floor.

Angela and Emma who still have the hand mark on her face got nervous, they thought the arrow injury was reoccurring again. They dragged him to the bed.

Lampard looked at Fei. He was suspicious of Fei’s terrible acting but he didn’t say anything. He asked Angela about Fei’s arrow injury, comforted both Angela and Emma a little and left with a ton of questions on his mind.

“My Majesty, the enemies are still sieging, looks like your soldiers can’t defend any longer.” This is the last thing Lampard said before he left

Angela and Emma stood by him for a while. After seeing no sign of Fei waking up, Angela took Emma to the priest to get her face treated.

…

After only Fei was left in the palace, he calmed down and started to think about the whole situation.

Obviously he was in another universe.

Not only Angela and Emma, but that meatball-shaped magician’s magic and that mysterious old master’s powerful skills had proven it.

Fei was a poor graduate student. He grew up in an orphanage. He was in a hopeless situation because he had incurred a lot of debt for university but couldn’t find a job to pay it off. After thinking about it, Fei concluded that becoming the king in another universe was not a bad thing.

“As a king, I probably can do anything I want!” He thought. He couldn’t wait to use his powers.

He started to map his situation.

“Looks like on my way back to my apartment, I was hit by a bright disk of some sort. I’m probably died on the spot, but somehow my soul came to this universe and possessed the body of this Alexander.”

From what has happened, Fei pieced together that this young king only had the intelligence of a 3 year old. He didn’t know what had happened to the last king, but the throne was taken by this Alexander. Obviously, all the ministers were opposed to this young king.

Fei remembered getting shot by an arrow and then waking up in this bed.

“Probably by the time on the wall, my soul had just gained possession of this body. I’m not sure where the ‘original’ Alexander went, but I’m the new Alexander now!”

The original Alexander the king was really an idiot.

Fei possessed his body and for sure took over his memories as well. All he got was the basic information such as the language spoken in this kingdom and some simple hobbies that the previous tenant of this body had. Other than that, Fei had no idea how big this kingdom was and how everything else worked. He only knew Angela, his fiancé after he woke up in this world for the first time and he had no recollection of Gill and Lampard.

“Thank God this guy was dumb, from now on when I mimic him, no one can tell I’m someone different.” Fei touched his chin and nodded.

But suddenly, he remembered something else. “Before Lampard left, he mentioned something about enemies sieging the castle and that the soldiers can’t defend any longer!”

“Damn it!”

Fei almost jumped out of the bed. “Am I going to be a slave right after I became the king?”

The pressure of survival and reality scared Fei

“Maybe I should pack up and sneak out of here? Shit! How can I sneak out when the enemies have already surrounded the castle. Can “master” Lampard kill them? Wait, he is just one man, how can he face off an army? Plus, the enemies probably have “masters” too!”

Fei had no idea how he was going to get out of this situation.

When he was on earth, he was just a student. He had no talent in military nor in fighting. The best he could do was to handle a drunk dude at the bar. If you want him to lead an army, he didn’t have enough strength to wear a full metal armour.

Fei was furious. “Why can’t I just live my ordinary life on earth, I don’t want to be the king anymore!”

At this moment —

“Collecting player’s information ……. 20%……. 50%……. 88%……. 100%. Game system installation initiated …… Scanning brain capacity …… requirement met …… install …….”

A mysterious, mechanical sounding voice appeared out of nowhere.

It scared Fei almost to the death

This voice appeared directly in his mind

“Shit, what is this? ghost?” He got no replies

“Install complete. Entering Diablo world in 3…2…1… enter!”

Like the characters in the TV series Stargate who travel through the stargate, Fei felt dizzy and a mysterious and strange wave went through his body.

【Rogue Encampment】

Fei stood like a zombie at 【Rogue Encampment】where the new players spawn in the game Diablo. His mind was blank.

He had been standing here for the last 5 minutes.

5 minutes ago, after the 3 second countdown in his mind by the voice; his vision blurred and he landed here.

This was a real Diablo world.

A perfect and lively world.

This was the conclusion Fei came to after the 5 minutes.

The sky was dark and the rain was pouring down. An unknown dark green bryophyte had grown all over the ground. Dark soil appeared further away. The camp was empty.

“Cluck, cluck, cluck” only a few hungry hens were seeking food in the rain.

A cold breeze blew through Fei and he shook in the cold.

The vivid sensation from every nerve in his body reminded him that this was real, this was a real world, not a stiff 2D computerized screen.

Last Chapter



* * *





Chapter 4




Chapter 4: “Barbarian” Fei

“Why am I here? What happened?”

The recent events left confused Fei even more. The only thing he knew for sure was that he had magically appeared in this Diablo-esque world after that mysteriously cold voice read off some familiar loading screen lingo. Looking around, Fei saw that he had become a “Barbarian”, which Fei recognized was one of the game characters.

The rusty hand axe appeared in his right hand and a battered, junk-like buckler in his left. It didn’t take long for Fei to subconsciously understand his status in the game.

The next second, a high tech like screen popped up in front of him out of nowhere, just like those in Iron Man’s mansion.

Gamer: Fei

Class: Barbarian

Level: 1

Experience: 0/5000

Strength: 30

Dexterity: 20

Intelligence: 10

Vitality: 20

Damage: 3-7

Accuracy: 102

Armor: 11

Endurance: 92

Health: 45

Resource (Fury): 10

Fire-Resistance: 0

Cold-Resistance: 0

Lightning-Resistance: 0

Poison-Resistance: 0

……

“These are my attributes in the game?”

Fei saw his name on the top of the screen. “What the heck! I just became the king and now I’m in a game world? And a barbarian? NO! At least let me be classier like a wizard or a crusader.”

At this moment, an armored man in blue rushed over.

“Greetings, stranger. I’m not surprised to see your kind here. Many adventurers have traveled this way since the recent troubles began. No doubt you’ve heard about the tragedy that befell the town of Tristram. Some say that Diablo, the Lord of Terror, walks the world again……”

The man just went on and on with his dialogue. Fei’s jaw dropped.

As one of the original fans of Diablo, Fei could immediately see that this man was Warriv, a NPC (Non-playable character) from the【Rogue Encampment】by the way he dressed and his dialogue lines. Every time a new player spawns, this dude will run to the player with a big golden question mark over his head.

Fei observed him while listening to his lines.

Neither his movement nor his facial expression felt like an NPC. If Fei didn’t recognize this man, he would have thought that Warriv was a real person. Even the heat that he exhaled while speaking turned into a white fog in this cold air. Fei even felt the moist sensation from it.

“I’m not sure if the NPCs in this world have any intelligence?”

After Warriv finished his long speech, Fei purposely asked a few questions.

“Hey, what’s your mother’s maiden name? What street did you grown up on?”

However, Warriv didn’t bother answering him. He just walked away after he finished.

He still left Fei clueless.

After thinking for a while, Fei decided to go find another person – Priestess Akara.

From his gaming memory, if he remembered correctly, the first ever quest in Diablo’s first map 【Rogue Encampment】was from her, a high priestess from the sisterhood of the “Sightless Eye”. On top of that, she was also the leader of the 【Rogue Encampment】so Fei had to find her if he wants to know what was going on.

The streets were quiet and lifeless.

Fei passed through a few tents and fences and finally spotted priestess Akara’s tent behind a wooden cage wagon. There were lots of weirdly shaped bottles and jars surrounding the tent. Fei was quite far away and could already smell the strange odours coming from them.

Akara, who was wearing a purple nun robe, was standing in front of the tent.

Fei walked over and a golden question mark appeared above Akara’s head.

“I am Akara, High Priestess of the Sisterhood of the Sightless Eye. I welcome you, traveler ……” Akara started to introduce herself, the same as in the original game.

As expected, after the conversation, she gave Fei a quest.

“The Den of Evil”, kill all the evil creatures in an evil cave at【Blood Moor】 just outside of the 【Rogue Encampment】. It’s exactly as Fei remembered. A red button was projected on the left side of Fei’s vision.

He pressed the button and a detailed description came up. It looked like there weren’t any other choice so he accepted the quest.

Fei tried to organize his words to appear more sophisticated. “Honorable Akara, may I know more information about this place?”

He wanted to know if any of the NPCs had any intelligence and he hoped he could get some clues about why he appeared in this world.

“Young traveller, you have to complete your quest first before you can know more…”

Akara’s answer surprised Fei.

This is not something that was scripted in the original game. That showed that in this world, NPCs had some freedom, and that they aren’t some rigid pre-programmed code.

Fei wanted to ask more, but Akara turned around and went into her tent.

He tried to follow her but was blocked by a mysterious force and couldn’t get within 1 meter of the entrance.

“Looks like I have to complete the quest first…”

After failing to get any answers from a couple other NPCs in the【Rogue Encampment】, Fei walked out the gate that was guarded by a female rogue, and stepped into the dangerous【Blood Moor】where a ton of monsters were lurking around.

“Warning!! Gamer Fei, you have enter 【Blood Moor】. Killing monsters will grant you unexpected surprises… But if you fail your quest, you will receive some mysterious penalties!” said a mysterious voice before laughing like a maniac.

Fei recognized it as the voice that appeared in his mind earlier. It went by so fast, that Fei only heard the first couple sentences. The laughter was filled with gloat; however, compared with the cold, machine like tone before, it’s definitely more human like this time.

……

After three hours,

“Kacha!”

Fei chopped the twentieth 【Quill Rat】with his axe. A white beam of light came down from the sky and embraced Fei.

“Level up!”

This is not the first time that it happened, and Fei was expecting it. It’s very comfortable in the light, Fei felt like moaning. All the bleeding wounds from fighting the monsters closed and healed within three seconds.

After four or five second, the light disappeared.

Two dark red buttons appeared in front of Fei. The one on the left was labeled【New Attributes Points】 and the one on the right read【New Skill Points】. These are the rewards each time after leveling up.

Fei first opened up the【New Attributes Points】 menu.

Every time after leveling up, there will be five points for Fei to improve his physique. He distributed three points to 【Strength】 and two points to 【Vitality】without thinking. Those were the primary attributes of a “Barbarian”.

He then opened up 【New Skill Points】and distributed the one point he got from leveling up to 【Weapon Mastery】

Fei is now a level five “Barbarian”. All the twenty five attribute points were distributed to 【Strength and【Vitality】. Out of the five skill points, three were distributed to 【Weapon Mastery】and two to the Warcry skill【Howl】.

The reason he did it is because this is a real world.

As a player, Fei gets injured and wounded from fight the monsters. He doesn’t just lose health, he felt one hundred percent of the pain as well.

What is worth mentioning is that everything in this world is real, even the monsters. They are not programs nor codes. Their screams, spewing blood and chopped up bodies were irritating Fei’s nerves every second.

Last Chapter



* * *





Chapter 5




Chapter 5: Quest Completed

Fei had quickly acclimatized to the situation. He had gone from being so nauseated from the gore that he was throwing up after killing the first monster, to becoming cold and indifferent despite the carnage that was left in his wake. All the heated monster blood on Fei’s body made him feel like he was enduring a test from hell. After only a couple hours, Fei had become used to this. He was almost turning into a cold-blooded killing machine.

This game existed literally for the purpose of killing.

It was so real.

Even the painfulness and soreness in his muscles.

Fei was not sure that if he died in this realistic game world, he would respawn just like how it was in the original game; but he didn’t dare to try. There was too much at stake.

From the past three hours of killing, Fei had noticed that his knowledge about the original game weren’t completely applicable in this world. He was trying his best to establish a rough understanding about the natural order of this world.

In this cruel, bloody world,【Strength】 and【Vitality】were the most important attributes to a “Barbarian”. A lot of【Strength】will allow your attacks to be stronger, and a lot of【Vitality】will not only allow you to be more durable during battle, but also give you enough endurance to run away from the blood seeking monsters.

The reason why Fei distributed skill points onto 【Weapon Mastery】and warcry【Howl】is because: he had no idea how to handle and use weapons properly, he was just an ordinary student, so【Weapon Mastery】will allow him to use his hand axe more efficiently; and 【Howl】can scare the monsters away when he gets surrounded.

Threats from monsters and the risk of dying forced Fei to considering survival way more than the future development of the character.

After distributing all the points, Fei opened up his 【Character Status】,

Gamer: Fei

Character: Barbarian

Level: 5

Experience: 14949/22680

Strength: 45

Dexterity: 20

Intelligence: 11

Vitality: 30

Damage: 10-27

Accuracy: 102

Armor: 31

Endurance: 107

Health: 105

Resource (Fury): 16

Fire-Resistance: 0

Cold-Resistance: 0

Lightning-Resistance: 5

Poison-Resistance: 0

……

This status was way more impressive than the one that Fei started with. It was almost as if you could say … that they were not on the same level.

Not all these improvements came from leveling though as Fei had a few special items.

He had gotten a few armors and weapons from killing monsters and he had already equipped them all. There was one 【Tangerine’s Helmet】that gave him +1 intelligence and + 5% Lightning-Resistance attributes.

After checking the【Character Status】menu, he opened up his【Item Slot】.

In this world, Fei’s item slot was a spatial ring that he wore on his finger. It had 40 blocks of storage space. Every block can store stuff such one 【Minor Healing Potion】. However, items did scale in this world so axes or swords may take up four to eight blocks, depending on how big they were.

Fei’s item slots were full.

He thought about what to do next and decided to go back to【Rogue Encampment】. He used a【Town Portal Scroll】that he had when he spawned in this world.

“Buzzzzzz…”

A three meter high, blue lighting oval appeared with a slight buzzing noise. Fei hesitated a little bit and stepped into it.

As Fei expected, he stepped into the 【Rogue Encampment】 when left the portal on the other side.

Suddenly, he felt nauseous. He felt as though he had just stepped off a particularly fast rollercoaster that involved a lot of twists and loops. Fei closed his eyes for a few seconds to get over the “portal sickness”.

After sitting down and regaining his bearings, Fei looked around and found priestess Akara.

This high priestess was not only a source for quests, but also a crafty merchant. She sold staves, and potions for battle, as well as scrolls and keys. Fei wanted to prepare really well for his first quest “Den of Evil” so that he would not get himself killed by the monster in the evil cave. From what he could remember, there was a zombie boss called 【Corpsefire】in there.

Although finding out what has brought him into this weird world was important, he at least needed to survive until he could find out.

Fei sold all the items such as gloves, broken wands and spears, the stuff he got from the monster but didn’t need and got roughly 800 gold. Plus the gold he looted directly from the monsters, he had a total of 1,400 gold.

He put all the money into good use and bought some items from Akara.

A double axe with a damage rating of 6-15, and a suit of leather armour with a defense rating of 13. He equipped both of them and bought a couple bottles of 【Minor Healing Potions】, four 【Town Portal Scrolls】, and three 【Identify scrolls】for identifying the weapons and armours that he will get from the monsters.

Fei felt a reassuring increase in his strength and power, originating from his new weapon and armour. He confidently returned to the portal that was created by him earlier.

“Buzzzzzz….”

After returning to the dangerous 【Blood Moor】following the slight buzz, Fei found the【Den of Evil】 on his map and headed that direction carefully. After looking at the situation within the cave, Fei thanked past Fei for his cautious preparations.

In this world, monsters in caves and dens seemed to be more aggressive and brutal than the ones on the moor. There were not only 【Quill Rats】,【Zombies】,【Fallen Shaman】and 【Vampire】who could cast fireballs, which were common monsters that Fei saw on the moor, but also this monster called【Gargantuan Beast】who looked like an ape. It had powerful attacks and thick skin for defense.

Fei started his wipe out mission in the den.

Since he was level 5; his damage and defense was high enough for him to breeze through the regular monsters.

Blood was spilling, monsters were screaming and Fei furiously hacked his way through the cave.

Fei had become the spitting image of a grim reaper, covered in blood as he cut through the swathes of monsters coming his way. His double axe split the monsters lengthwise like a samurai sword through hot butter. Even when there was a crowd of monsters, he would sprint to the center of them and use his skill 【Howl】 so that he could finish them off one by one after they were scared and running away.

He also saw a lot of ruined human corpses in the den.

Some were on the ground, some were chained onto the pillars, with intestines falling out and missing eyeballs. Even some female rogues were raped by these hideous monsters. With flies circling around these rotten corpses, the scenes were too horrifying for anyone to look at.

Fei’s mind was filled with anger.

Although Fei knew that this scenario originated from a game, he couldn’t help but to situate himself as a human of this world. With all the anger burning in his chest, he went into this mad mode where he smashed and crushed monsters like they were nothing.

Finally, after god knows how long, when the last monster in front of Fei had died screaming in its own blood, beams of golden light fell from the sky and shined up every corner of the den.

Shortly after, a familiar voice spoke in Fei’s mind –

“Congratulations, gamer Fei. You have completed priestess Akara’s quest and passed the first test of this Diablo world. Now you shall return to Rogue Encampment and receive your prizes from Akara…”

This voice cleared Fei’s mind.

He breathed heavily and glanced at his surroundings. He was surprised to find out that all the monsters had been killed by him already. Even the boss of the den,【Corpsefire】,was dead on the ground. A pile of gold coins and various items was lying around the mess that had become of its body.

“Did I go crazy?”

Fei thought about what had happened. He couldn’t believe what he saw in the game world triggered his deep anger. However, it wasn’t his fault; this world is too real. Anyone would feel the same way.

He stood there for a while and then started to clean up battle ground.

The gold coins didn’t take any blocks in the 【Item Slot】so he picked them up first. Then he started to pick up the more valuable items from 【Corpsefire】. Two magic items had drawn Fei’s attention. He drooled as the two items glowed in a soft blue light.

But…

“Shit! A 【Grim Wand 】and a【Javelin 】??? Are you serious??? Why aren’t there any barbarian items???”

After actually inspecting what those two items were, Fei was super disappointed. It was like seeing a lake in the middle of the desert when you are also dying of thirst, and realizing it was only a mirage after.

“Fuck my luck!”

There was nothing Fei could do about it. He picked two unidentified magic item and planned to sell them off to Akara for a good price.

After he picked everything up, he used a 【Town Portal Scroll】.

He was ready to go back to 【Rogue Encampment】and claim his rewards from Akara. He also wanted to ask her about how and why he appeared in this game world.

This question was bothering him for a long time.

At this moment, the mysterious, cold voice spoke again!

“Warning! You have reached the maximum gaming time for today. Exiting countdown: 3 …… 2 …… 1. Exiting……”



Last Chapter



* * *





Chapter 6




Chapter 6: Unexpected Power

This Chapter is brought to you by [Jago Spencer]. Thanks for the donation!

—————————————————————————————————————————————

Fei was startled.

‘Max gaming time for today? What’s that?”

He wasn’t expecting something like this to happen just as he was just getting ready to go back to the【Rogue Encampment】.

Fei’s vision blurred the next second. The whole world started to twist and fade right in front of his eyes. Then complete darkness hit him.

……

……

Fei reopened his eyes, and found himself in the king’s palace again.

Magnificent decors, splendid furniture and the dark red, gold gilded king sized bed were the complete opposite of the dark, bloody feel of the Diablo world.

“What happened? Did I … just have a nightmare?” Fei was confused.

Fei was still lying on the bed. The only differenxce between pre-”nightmare” and post-”nightmare” was that he felt very hot and was dripping sweat; as if he just came out of a sauna room.

He pushed himself up the bed, and surprisingly found out that the dizziness he felt when he just woke up in this world disappeared, so were the pain from his head and chest injuries.

“How did… was that not a dream?”

Fei subconsciously felt that something special had happened to him, but he couldn’t point out where. The whole palace was quiet. No one was around. Fei got out of the bed, and stretched a little.

‘Zipp————–’

The sound of ripping cloth.

Fei’s white knight turtleneck shirt suddenly got teared open on many spots. If you looked at him at that moment, you would probably conclude that he was a homeless guy, judging from the ripped shirt, as well as his torn pants.

“Damn, what is this?”

Fei got a little scared.

All the stuff that happened to him made his nerves a little bit weaker. He felt as though he was close to having a mental breakdown.

He looked down and upon closer inspection, he realized that the clothes he was wearing was a little bit small for his size. When he was stretching, he easily tore open the uncomfortably small clothing.

“What’s this pitiful quality? Who makes such clothes for a king?”

Wind breezed through the palace, and Fei felt the chill. He was almost naked.

“Crap, I have to find something to wear.”

Fei glanced around the palace and found a wardrobe-like piece of furniture. He opened it up and found that there were many luxurious clothing in it. He picked out a fitting black knight shirt and pants. He put them on and walked toward the mirror.

The man in the mirror shocked Fei.

It was a man about 6 feet tall. His shoulder long black hair was bundled to the back of his head by a ruby hair ring. His handsome, manly face and ripped body could make any women fall for him.

“God damn! This handsome son of bitch in the mirror is me???”

Fei wouldn’t believe it, it was unreal for him. After the dancing around sketchily in front of the mirror and seeing that the man in the mirror mirrored his movements, he finally accepted it.

“Hahaha, Man oh man oh man. Although that Alexander was a retard, but he’s got quite a face! Haha, He is way more handsome than me”

Fei can’t stop posing in front of the mirror, as if he had just discovered a new continent.

“From now on, I’m Alexander!” Fei said to himself happily.

After his new discovery, He walked towards the row of medieval full knight armours at the centre of the palace. He picked a suit of armour about his height, and pulled out the double handed sword that the armour was holding. He swung the sword forcefully, trying to get a feel of power and being a king.

But after he did that, his facial expression went weird.

“How is this so light? This isn’t a plastic toy is it?”

A majestic 5 feet long double handed sword had to weigh at least thirty to forty pounds. But Fei felt like he was holding a feather, there was no weight to it at all. It was strange.

“Tink!”

Fei struck the full metal armour with the sword just to see if the sword was a toy or not.

But the unexpected happened –

The armour was one centimeter thick. The sword went through it easily, as if Fei was cutting through a piece of paper. The strike cut the armour in half, with the upper half of the armour shortly landing on the ground and making another “tink” sound.

“Holy shit!”

Although Fei didn’t believe in god or ghosts, but there was no other way to explain what had happened.

“Why am I so strong now?”

Fei subconsciously swung the sword again, but he still didn’t feel any weight.

The double handed sword was clearly a real weapon.

“This feeling…”

Fei closed his eye trying to remember the way he handled the sword. It felt the same as when he was a barbarian in the “dream”, swinging the double handed axe at the monsters.

“Did I…”

Fei was shocked.

“Did I bring back the power of my barbarian character from the ‘dream’ into the real world?”

He couldn’t get that thought out of his head and quickly went about to test this unlikely hypothesis. He put the sword back to the damaged armour, and looked at other weapons in the palace.

Something quickly caught Fei’s eyes.

Further away at a corner of the palace was a huge, weirdly shaped double handed axe. The handle with the massive blade was at least five feet long, and looked to weigh about one hundred pounds. It stood by a black heavy armour. Its weight had put a dent in part of the tile floor.

A bizarre looking carving on the body of the axe made it look even more intimidating.

Fei rushed over there and picked it up. Suddenly, Fei felt the axe and him had become one, as if the axe was a part of his body.

He closed his eyes again and concentrated on the feeling.

“That’s tight, this is the feeling of my level 3【Weapon Mastery】in the ‘dream’. Especially with axes, because I was a barbarian.”

The double handed axe was like a windmill in Fei’s hands. All the axe techniques was performed by Fei at a master level, as if he had used axes for more than tens of years.

Fei felt that he can conclude that his hypothesis was proven completely.

He had actually acquired all the skills, strengths, damage and all the attributes of the level 5 barbarian in the “dream”.

The new found power had given Fei a profound sense of security.

“So this is the feeling of power, I wonder what level this power belongs to in this magical world?”

As Fei was feeling amazing about the new found power, He suddenly remembered that “Master” Lampard said something about enemies still sieging the castle.

“Maybe I should go take a look.” This thought grew stronger and stronger in Fei’s mind.

“Maybe I could help with my power.”

Fei decided to go. On the point of safety, He picked out the thickest, heaviest armour in the palace and put it on.

This armour had literally covered Fei from head to toe, with the only openings being the holes for Fei to see through.

Fei felt like he was wearing the first ever Iron Man suit from the movie [Iron Man I], the one that Robert Downey Jr. build in the Iraq.

This fifty pound armour would literally anchor Fei to the ground; but now, Fei felt like he was wearing a Nike brand, ultrathin, sweat resistant running gear.

Fei tapped the helmet with the axe.

“Tink! Tink! –”

Fei was satisfied to hear the sound. “Haha, no god damn arrows will get me now!”

“King Alexander! Roll out!”

Fei looked around as he left the palace quietly.

He was trying to show off in front of the guards, but who knew that there was no one guarding the king. The palace was just quite. As he kept walked, he saw two heavily wounded soldiers sleeping beside the palace’s main gate.

It looked like these two tired soldiers just came from the front line of battle.

“Shit! My palace is only guarded by two wounded soldiers, the battle must be at its peak.”

The battle cries were getting louder and louder as Fei got closer and closer to the main gate of the castle.

“There is no time to waste!” Fei thought as he started sprint even faster.

Last Chapter



* * *





Chapter 7




Chapter 7: Failing Defence line

This Chapter is brought to you by [Jago Spencer] and [You’r Grandpa] . Thanks for the donation!

—————————————————————————————————————————————

Chambord Castle.

Everyone’s ears was filled with mournful screams and loud battle cries.

Both the attackers and the defenders were giving the battle everything they got. It was either you die or I die.

Waves of enemies who were wearing black, light armour was charging at the castle like a black tsunami. The three huge siege ladders were like war monsters; the barbs on the ladder hooked on to the edges of battlements, constantly sending more enemies to fight the defenders on the walls. The hooks made the siege ladders hard to get a rid of, and squads of around 30 enemies were fighting aggressively to protect the ladders.

As time went on, more and more enemies had gotten onto the walls of the castle.

It was not a good situation for Chambord Castle; there were ten times more enemies than the Chambord soldiers.

“Pierce? Pierce…where are you? You son of a bitch!” A huge six feet eight man who had black hair and was wearing a vest of chainmail turned back and yelled as he was slashing at an enemy. “Pierce!, pick some big guys and get rid of those fucking ladders. Quick!”

“Yes sir!”

Not too far away, white haired Pierce was soaked in blood. It was already hard to tell what was his and what was from the enemies he had slain. As he heard the command, he waved at a couple soldiers close to him “Come on guys, let’s go! We have to kill those motherfuckers and smash those ladders!”

White haired Pierce was known in Chambord for his brutal strength.

As veins on his arms bulged, he started swinging his huge iron hammer that was the size of two basketballs. Like the legendary berserker, he cleared off enemies in his way as if they were flies. None of the enemies could stop him.

He was approaching the siege ladders fast, leaving behind him a road of death and blood. About twenty other soldiers followed him. They were committed on completing the mission.

The enemies that were defending the ladders had been alerted.

“Attention! Forward! Semi-Arc Formation!”

The leader on the enemy defense team yelled!

“Kata, kata, kata, kata!”

The thirtyish enemies had formed a half circle beside the wall, and protected the three siege ladders in the half circle. With shark blades that were still dripping blood pointing outwards, they were like a metal Hedgehog, waiting for the attackers to make a mistake before capitalizing on it and finishing them off.

These enemies definitely had more training than the soldiers of Chambord.

Ten meters ……

Six meters ……

Three meters …….

One meter ……

The distance between the soldier led by Pierce and enemies was vanishing in seconds.

Finally ——-

“Hooo! Go to hell!”

Pierce suddenly yelled. He gave the hammer a full swing, as if it was a javelin, the hammer flew out of his hands and flew toward the enemy’s formation.

That giant bloody hammer made a beautiful trajectory of death in the air, and crashed through the defensive formation with devastating force.

“Bash!”

It caused massive damage to the enemies. Spilled blood, broken blades and limbs flew all over the place.

The enemies definitely weren’t expecting that type of maneuver. The flying hammer had made a bloody gap in the center of the formation.

By destroying the three siege ladders, the enemies will have no way to get into Chambord Castle for now. After killing all the enemies that got on the defence wall, the defenders could finally get time to rest in safety. If not, the castle will be sieged and all their friends and families will become war slaves, with no hope of freedom for generations.

After thinking about that, all the soldiers were motivated to defeat the enemies, their morale was so high that the blood in their bodies was almost burning.

They couldn’t allow the enemies to siege the castle. Even if they die, they weren’t going to back off.

“Charge!!”

“Charge!!!!!!!!”

The soldiers followed Pierce, furiously charged into the enemies.

Pierce rushed ahead, picked up the hammer that he had thrown out before any enemies could react, and started smashing away. His powerful swings forced off all the close enemies with the closest one not even having time to react before Pierce collapsed his head. None of them could stop him.

“Smash! Crush!”

“Bang!”

“Clank!”

Weapons, armour and bare knuckles were colliding.

Spurting blood, and detached limbs had painted the picture of hell.

“Boom!”

Pierce smashed the sword and the enemy in front of him off the castle. He looked up and the ladder was right in front of him. He swung the hammer once more to back off the approaching enemies.

“Dang! Dang! dang!”

He sprinted forward and smashed all the hooks off of one ladder.

“Fuck off!”

Pierce kicked the ladder with force. He heard a lot of screams. As the ladder fell down, the enemies who were still climbing all fell towards the ground like dumplings. They were crushed by the heavy ladder into bloody meat paste instantly.

“Nice!”

The black haired commander saw what Pierce had done and yelled.

“Pierce! Great job! Two more! Finish them all and I will buy you the best beer tonight! All you can drink!” He was dueling with a thin but tall enemy while he yelled. This enemy was very skilled. Even though he was a commander, they were combating for about ten seconds and none of them had an advantage.

“Haha! Brook, Bossman! The beer is on you tonight!”

Pierce replied excitedly. Although he was talking, he wasn’t slow with his attacks. His hammer was fast as lightning; he did the same thing as he did to the first ladder

“Dang! Dang! Dang!”

He smashed all the hooks off of the second ladder. As he was about to kick it off of the wall,

Suddenly —–

“Die! Punk!”

A black shadow flew up the defence wall. The rapier this enemy was using went straight to pierce’s head. He was trying to instantly kill Pierce.

There wasn’t much time for Pierce to react. All he had time to do was to position his hammer so that his head was protected.

“Ding!Ding!Ding!”

These couple strikes all hit right in the center of the hammer and made some sparks.

An unstoppable force passed through the hammer and shocked Pierce.

Even though Pierce was born with an inhuman strength, he couldn’t hold against it. The force pushed him back a four steps. It also broke a couple of his fingers and he almost couldn’t hold on to the hammer any more.

“Shit! A master!” Pierce was surprised.

However, this enemy stopped attacking him. As this enemy raised up the rapier again, Pierce heard a ton of screams. The enemy was moving so fast that he turned into a black shadow again. The other soldiers who came with Pierce all fell on the ground. As he took a more detailed look, all of them had a hole in their heads. White, red liquids were flowing out, they were the brains.

“Bender! Bond! Tony! … My brothers!!!” Pierce cried

He couldn’t take what he saw, almost fainting from shock.

His best friends who he was having fun with last night at the bar and he was trusting and loving a moment ago had been killed right in front of him. He felt like the sky had fallen down.

“Die! Demon!”

Pierce yelled. He forgot about the wounds on his body. He stared at this enemy, gave up all the attempts to defence and charged ahead. This enemy had left more nasty wounds on Pierce’s body and Pierce couldn’t even touch him. But Pierce didn’t care, he just kept on swinging his hammer.

“Haha, that’s no use!” This enemy laughed. He sounded like a crow.

The rapier was too fast and this enemy was too strong.

This enemy moved again, the rapier was aiming at Pierce’s head again.

Pierce tilted his body as if he was trying to dodge the strike, but the rapier went through his right shoulder easily. This enemy smiled disdainfully, he was going to pull out the rapier and end Pierce’s life.

But —

He was surprised to find out that he couldn’t pull out the rapier no more ?!

Blood spurted out of Pierce’s mouth.

But this white haired man started laughing.

Laughing happily!

This enemy didn’t know what was going on, but he felt as though he had underestimated the enemy.

But there was no time for him to react.

Pierce grabbed the blade tightly with both hand; as if he didn’t feel any pain,he left the rapier in his shoulder and slammed his body against this enemy. It took the rapier wielding man by surprise and he had to keep backing off.

It only took them 3 second to reach the tip of the defence wall.

If this enemy backed off any further, he would fall off this two hundred feet high wall. Even though he was powerful, but there was no way for him stay alive after fallen from such height.

“Fuck!”

This enemy was furious, but he had no option but to let go of his rapier.

Getting forced by a low life soldier to let go of his favorite weapon, this enemy was ashamed of himself. He was a prestigious one star warrior.

After he let go of the rapier, red flames started appearing around his body. Fists with the temperature that could melt iron landed on Pierce’s back. He would eat this white haired man alive if he could.

“Pu… Hahaha. I won this round, you son of a bitch!”

Pierce puked a mouth full of blood, but he was laughing proudly.

Pierce let go of the rapier, and charged at the second siege ladder. Because he had broke the hooks on this ladder early, he slammed it off the wall with his left shoulder. All the enemies climbing on this ladder fell to the ground and got crushed into piles of meat paste as well.

“Shit! You low life slave! I swear I will kill everyone in this castle!

This enemy was raged. Now he knew that this man wasn’t trying to push him off of the wall, the plan was to destroy the second siege ladder all along; and he was fooled!

He struck with the rapier at Pierce with all he got. Pierce had fainted from all the wounds and blood loss.

“Shit! Be careful!”

Brook, the commander yelled anxiously. There was nothing he could do, he was still in close combat with the other skillful enemy.

This siege battle had been taken almost the whole day. There were some powerful individuals on Chambord’s side, but they had been focused on by the enemy commander. Even the three star warrior Lampard was tangled by an enemy star ranked warrior.

At this time, there was no one there that could save Pierce’s life!

The rapier covered in flames was only one inch away from Pierce’s neck!

Last Chapter



* * *





Chapter 8




Chapter 8: The Death

Everyone was expecting the death of Pierce, as no one was in a position to save his ass.

“Hey, dumb ass! Try and dodge my ultra-concealed weapon!”

A confident voice rang from the other side of the battlefield. However, even though the enraged rapier wielding man didn’t hear it, he felt something was aimed at the back of his head. An object was flying at him fast.

He was surprised. He had to pull back the rapier and block whatever was flying at him.

“ Pu!”

The “concealed weapon” was slashed in half, and red liquid splashed onto his head.

“What the fuck was that!?”

Due to his body’s positioning, he had no indication of what the “concealed weapon” was. He swung his rapier to make a sphere shape protection zone and ducked to prevent any more of the red liquid from landing on him. After he regained his bearings, he look up and saw what the “concealed weapon” was. He immediately became more furious.

The “concealed weapon” was one of his own soldiers. Someone had grabbed and threw this poor guy at him and due to his carelessness, he didn’t look and chopped that soldier in half.

“Haha, Are you scared now? Chicken!”

A gloating laughter had redrawn the attention of the rapier wielding man. He looked up and saw a man wearing a full heavy suit of armour with only openings on the armour for eye holes. In the light of the sunset, this man looked majestic like a god.

That man didn’t waste any time, he started charging right away; the momentum from his body caused collisions so powerful that all of the enemies got knocked off the wall.

With the massive double handed axe in his hand, he was planning on taking this rapier warrior down.

“You are seeking your own death, idiot!” This enemy sneered as he saw that the new arrival was disadvantaging himself.

Full heavy armours were used by cavalry soldiers like knights, never regular foot infantry. It was dumb to wear a fifty pound armour for close ranged combat, since it would slow your attacks and weigh you down. In this enemy’s mind, that man was just a dumb idiot.

“Go hangout with the grim reaper!”

The rapier warrior moved all the energy in his body onto his weapon. With flames appearing around the rapier again, he pierced towards the hulking armoured man charging at him.

The strike was fast, as if it was lightning. The energy was overflowing from the rapier. This enemy had unleashed all his powers as a one star warrior. He was confident that he could kill this heavy armoured man with this strike.

On the other head, the fully armoured “iron man” was still charging with no signs of slowing down. Like a dumbass in other’s eyes, he wasn’t even in a proper charging position. When soldiers charge, they would bend their backs and keep their weight low. With his chest wide open and back straight, that man was literally running into the blade.

The enemy started laughing.

“Haha, there is no way you can make it out of here alive!”

But –

“Tink!” Sparks flashed.

The laughter suddenly stopped and the smile froze on the warrior’s face.

The huge axe that man was dragging appeared in front of him from an impossible angle, and collided with the rapier right on the tip.

“Ho….How?”

This enemy was stunned.

“Striking the tip of my rapier with the axe when both of us were moving so fast? That could only be the technique of the god of war! Shit, this man was toying with me!”

This enemy immediately regretted his decision and tried to back off.

But it was too late!

“Boom!”

The rapier couldn’t hold up to that amount of power and snapped into pieces. The force of the axe didn’t stop there; the rapier wielding warrior’s hand almost exploded. If anyone who didn’t know what had happened, they wouldn’t recognize the shape of the hand anymore. The momentum continued traveling upwards, and the veins in his right arm, that was holding the rapier, bulged and his skin ruptured.

The huge noise had disturbed everyone on the battle ground. All the fighter of Chambord and the enemies had stopped fighting for a second and glanced to look at what had happened.

“Holy crap! God! To chip a rapier from the tip, what kind of power was that? “ Everyone thought.

But what was more surprising was yet to come –

The huge axe had turned into a shadow in that man’s hand; it was moving so fast that no one’s eyes could follow the movements of the axe. As the one who was in extreme danger, this ex-rapier wielding warrior has fallen into a position where he had never been at before. He was the only one on the battlefield that saw the axe coming for his waist. That man was trying to chop him in half with that horizontal strike!

“Shit!”

This enemy was devastated. He no longer had a weapon and had fallen into an enormous disadvantage all a sudden.

He tapped his feet onto the ground and jumped up trying to dodge that vicious attack. He shot up five feet high, almost like he was flying up.

But the axe seemed to bend the rules of physics. It didn’t follow through the horizontal trajectory that this enemy had thought. Instead, it followed this enemy straight up into the air.

This enemy was in mid-air so there was nothing he could do to dodge or block this attack.

“Ci ——-!”

It sounded like the tearing of a piece of paper.

The axe had went through this enemy from the bottom of his crouch to the top of his head. Because it happened so fast, as if this enemy didn’t had time to react to what had happened, he was still one piece when he landed on the ground.

After a brief moment,

This enemy tried to reach out his hand. His facial expression was just dead.

This small movement was like the call to the grim reaper,

Suddenly –

A tiny bloody seam appeared on his body.

He looked down on his body, not believing what was happening.

There wasn’t time for his last wail. Blood started spurting out. The body was separated symmetrically from bottom up. The white intestines, chopped internal organs and the slimy brain fell all over the place.

This prestigious one star warrior, who was decimating the defenders of the castles less than 5 minutes ago, couldn’t be more dead than that.

.Last Chapter



* * *





Chapter 9




Chapter 9: The Enemies

—————————————————————————————————————————————

One strike!

Only one strike and a one star warrior was decimated! Both the Chambord soldiers and the enemy were shocked. They all looked at that man as if he was a dragon in the human form.

The sounds of weapons clashing and war cries resounding across the battlefield a few minutes ago had abruptly stopped. The battlefield was completely quiet. The Chambordian soldiers and the enemies looked at each other, quickly realized that they were still in battle and went right back to killing each other.

“Hahaha! It actually worked! I’m so clever! Hahaha.” That man laughed ludicrously.

……

……

In an area near the Chambord Castle, half a mile away from the moat named “Zuli”, a hundred black military tents were set up in a pattern that had completely blocked the only exit out of the castle.

This was the base of the enemy army.

The people of Chambord didn’t know where these black armoured enemies came from. Three days ago, after the morning fog dispersed, a sentry was lucky enough to discover the fast approaching enemies. He quickly barred the castle’s gate and had bought some time for the defense of Chambord.

There were about two thousand soldiers in the invading army.

After failing the sneak attack, they had camped beside the Zuli moat. The invaders had sieged the walls everyday, as well as spreading a ton of scouts to cut communications between Chambord and the rest of the world.

Today was the fourth day.

“This little castle has a complex terrain that could frustrate any invaders. If it wasn’t for this dangerous moat and that firm defence wall, I would’ve already conquered this castle for father, and that Angela woman would’ve been my toy already…”

On the bank of the Zuli moat, a knight wearing a full suit of black armor with a silver mask grumbled.

The silver mask had a ferocious demon carving on it and only covered the top half of his face. He was on top of a pitch black war horse, which was itself tall and sturdy, emanating the image of a majestic beast. The horse also wore a ferocious suit of armour, with only its legs and eyes exposed. An enigmatic force surrounded him, like a magnetic field.

Behind him, nineteen other knights stood in silence.

They were all black armoured and on black horses too. They also wore the same devil styled mask as well, but in black rather than silver. With the spiked armour on the horses, they looked like a platoon of devil knights from hell.

“This was actually unexpected! This kingdom is only a mere level six affiliate of a tiny level one empire, yet it has a moat with a fast current and a firm defence wall. It even has a three star warrior!” A black knight behind the silver masked knight said. He then dryly chuckled and reassured the silver masked knight, “Don’t worry master! The defenders are at their breaking point and surely can only hold twenty more minutes. After that, this castle will fall for sure!”

“Eh…… After we conquer this castle, let the soldiers loose; they can do anything they want. Except that Angela, there is no need for any others to survive.” This cruel command was given so indifferently by this silver masked knight, as if he was just mentioning the weather. “Remember! Setting fire is prohibited! We need this castle.”

“Yes! Master!” All nineteen black knights said in unison. They had already done this hundreds of times and it was no surprise to them.

The black knight who just spoke said: “ Master, their king … “

“Just execute him! For the next three days, make all the females in the castle service the soldiers and kill them afterwards.”

“We follow your commands!” All the knights were excited, they loved these kinds of orders.

“[Twenty] is almost finished, you men should get ready …” The silver masked knight waved at his subordinates: “When we gain control of and open the gate, all of you will rush in and finish off the enemies as soon as you can! I want to sit on the throne of their king in the shortest time possible…”

“Boom!”

He didn’t even finish his sentence before a huge noise came from the battlefield.

It was as loud as thunder.

All the knights were star ranked warriors and, given their enhanced abilities, they saw clearly what had just happened on the defensive wall of Chambord.

The black knights behind the silver masked knight almost all lost it: “Oh god! This is … was [Twenty] just chopped in half by an enemy?! Fuck! Did they have a war god?”

These black knights stared at each other, the shock showing in their eyes.

They were all star ranked warriors that were skilled at fighting so they could see that the “iron man” that chopped [Twenty] in half was only using brute force. There was no traces of energy in his attack. That was a scary thought for these knights because [Twenty] was already a one star warrior!

“Master, allow me to chop the head off that bastard; to avenge [Twenty]!”

Some of the black knight was getting really nervous and impatient.

Although the twenty of them didn’t have names, and were only designated numbers, for the past four or five years, they had been under the command of the silver masked knight together. They ate together and slept together, they were closer than any blood related brothers. However, no one expected that [Twenty] would die in this horrible way, especially in this seemingly easy siege.

This had stimulated their anger for revenge.

“Is he just born with inhuman strength?”

The silver masked knight smiled mysteriously. He waved back at the black knights and said: “Interesting, This man has intrigued me… pass on my order to stop the siege. Tell the soldiers to back off for now!”

“Master, this … “

“Are there any problems?” The silver masked man responded coldly.

“We follow your commands, master!”

“The information from our intelligence agency “Eagle” mentioned the king of this level six affiliated kingdom is a retard. Haha, change of commands! Just surround the castle for now, send someone to ask for the surrender of the castle. If they do, the king, ministers, Angela and that ‘iron man” can survive, others still will be executed!”

The silver masked knight said, his smile betrayed the cunning thoughts he was entertaining.

“Yes, my master!”

The black knights turned around right away and had started executing the orders.

……

……

“Come, take this brave soldier to the medic ward. Quickly!”

Of course, this ‘iron man” was Fei.

Fei’s axe was like the scythe of the grim reaper. It harvested the lives of all the enemy soldiers on the defensive walls near the ladders. None of the enemies could handle one single strike from Fei. After wiping out all of the enemies around Pierce, he turned and yelled. A couple soldiers hurried forward and carried the fainted Pierce off of the castle walls.

Last Chapter



* * *





Chapter 10




Chapter 10: I’m Invincible

————————————————————————————————–

Fei saw the heroic scene where Pierce risked his own life to destroy the siege ladders so that the defenders would have a chance at driving the invaders off. He was deeply moved by Pierce’s actions. Fortunately, at the last second, he was able to save Pierce’s life by coming up with the “unorthodox” tactic of throwing a living person as a weapon.

“Hu–Hu–Hu ——–”

Wielding the massive double handed axe with a great amount of force, Fei crushed enemy warriors wherever he went.

“Great job! Sir Warrior. I’m the second commander of the king’s guards. Who are you? I’ve never seen you before …“, The black haired Brook yelled in surprise as he saw that Pierce had been saved. He was not in a good situation as well, still struggling with the fight with the skilled enemy from earlier.

The unexpected savior had broken the subtle balance on the battlefield. The hope of the Chambordian soldiers had finally came.

“Commander Brook? Haha, you will soon find out!”

Fei didn’t want the soldiers to find out who he was yet.

He had gotten used to the killing, screaming, violence and blood in the Diablo world. There was no difference between the two for Fei. As he got on the battlefield, he went straight into it without any need for adaptation.

Moreover, the scenes in front of Fei had excited him.

Everyone had dreamt of becoming a superhero and going around saving the day; protecting the citizens of their countries when they were young. Now Fei was living his childhood dream. Although his axe was harvesting the lives of many people, he had no remorse.

Killing the others was the means for saving his own. It was as simple as that on the battlefield.

Fei backed off as he protected the soldiers to carry Pierce off of the defence wall, and then returned to the front line of battle.

The ordinary enemies were no match to the brutal strength and the sophisticated axe skills of a level 5 barbarian. The enemies screamed and cried as Fei approached the last siege ladder. His axe whizzed through the air, bloody light glistening off of the blade of the axe.

The last couple enemies who were protecting the ladder screamed as they were knocked off of the defence wall and smashed into the ground by a horizontal strike from Fei.

That strike was so powerful that it didn’t even stop there.

“Slam!”

As Fei followed through the strike, his axe bashed into the battlement of the defence wall.

Dusts and sparks flew everywhere.

The one foot (30 cm) thick battlement broke off and smashed into the enemies outside of the castle and bellowed up dust.

The siege ladder that was secured onto this battlement was dragged along side with it. The ladder flipped three hundred and sixty degrees in mid-air with enemies still clenching onto it and crashed into the Zuli moat hundreds of yards (meters) away.

“Such strength!”

Everyone on the battlefield was shocked again by Fei.

The morale of the soldiers of Chambord was boosted by the new “reinforcement”. Their hope of winning increased dramatically. On the other hand, the enemies was scared to death by Fei. No one in their right mind wanted to face him.

But Fei didn’t stop there. His next move had maximized the power and effect of individual heroism on the battlefield.

“The king’s soldiers, rise up and battle! For our kingdom! For our fathers and mothers! For ours wives and children!”

After his successful attempt on destroying the siege ladder, he raised up his gigantic axe. With the soft glow of golden light from the sunset encompassing his armour, he roared like an invincible god.

Suddenly, an invisible, yet vehement force spread from Fei’s roar. Like a tsunami, it brutally blew into the crowds of enemies.

As if they saw something horrifying, all the enemies within five yards (meters) of Fei threw their weapon on the ground and started screaming and sprinting away from Fei as fast as they could. Some of them were so scared that they jumped off of the two hundred feet (60 meters) wall.

Barbarian’s warcry – 【Howl】

This roar scared away most of the enemies that were standing close to Fei. The mysterious powers from the Diablo world had finally appeared in this world. Of course, only Fei knew what was going on.

Everyone else was stunned.

“What kind of power was that?!“

“God’s”

It was completely quiet on the defence wall.

Under the light of sunset, everyone felt something uncontainable was about to burst out of the soldiers of Chambord.

Finally —

Someone subconsciously yelled after Fei: “Battle! For our kingdom and families!”

This little follow up was like a tiny spark into a pond of gasoline.

All a sudden, the blood in the defending soldiers of Chambord had ignited, burning like an unstoppable flame.

“Fight!!”

“Defend! For our homeland!”

“Attack!! Kill!! Battle!!!”

The chanting roars sent forth a truly spectacular force. Like the most unimaginable magic, it quickly spread around the battlefield.

Almost every soldier of Chambord started roaring.

Morale was skyrocketing!

A wounded soldier pulled out the barbed arrow from his shoulder. A farmer that got his left leg cut off crawled onto an enemy and bit his thigh. An elder that got his heart pierced by a sword stabbed his knife into the enemy’s skull using his last strength and breath.

Fei’s roar had empowered every defender of Chambord, giving them unprecedented strength.

The advantage quickly shifted onto the defenders.

After losing the siege ladders, no more back up for the enemy soldiers can get onto the defensive walls of Chambord. There was also no way out for the enemy soldiers. These warriors almost shat their pants. They screamed as they turned around and started running away from the blades of the defenders. Jumping off of the high wall didn’t seem like a bad idea now…

At least jumping off of the wall gave them a slight chance on living,

If they had stayed on there, these suddenly “roided up” defenders wouldn’t give them any chances. They would end up in a worse condition than just dying. – One of the invaders was literally bitten to death by a couple severely wounded soldiers.

That was warfare.

This new arrival must be a hero!

Star ranked, even moon ranked warriors and mages may be able to kill numerous enemies, but there were some people referred to by others as heroes. They could motivate everyone around them. Every action, words, and expressions in their eyes could bring hope and bravery to their followers.

Fei accidentally became the hero in the minds of the defenders of Chambord.

After the roar, Fei went back to the killing of enemies. Broken swords, broken spears and broken armour. Everywhere Fei moved to, enemies cried, were mutilated and died.

With invincible momentum, Fei approached the center of battle.

Last Chapter



* * *





Chapter 11




Chapter 11: The Loss

—————————————————————————————————————————————

Brook was struggling in the fight with the black armoured enemy. This other warrior looked very similar to the one star rapier wielding enemy that Fei killed. They both used the same fighting technique and weapon. The rapier was very fast when compared with brook’s double handed sword.

“I will finish him, you go ahead and direct the soldiers to wipe out the remaining enemies on the defence wall.” Fei yelled at Brook.

Fei stuck his axe in between the two, twisted his wrist and the axe collided with the tip of the rapier accurately. The intervention from Fei forced the enemy to back off a bit and re-evaluate his situation.

“Be careful warrior, this bastard is tricky to handle!”

As the second commander of the king’s guards, Brook was one of the top few people that had authority and influence at Chambord Castle. But because of the heroic actions of this “Iron man” who had his face covered up by a helmet completely, he didn’t hesitate to listen to his orders.

“That’s weird, I swear that I saw this armour somewhere before…” Brook thought.

However, there wasn’t any time to waste, so Brook turned away and started commanding the Chambordian soldiers.

Fei on the other hand was ready to battle this enemy.

“You’re the one who killed [Twenty]?”

This enemy looked very solemn. He was concentrating and the energy in his body was circulating faster and faster. He was ready to unleash it at will.

He was nervous after previously seeing Fei’s single strike that took out [Twenty as he was not any stronger than his comrade. He had to give it all he got to gain a slight chance of surviving under Fei’s axe.

“I can’t fight him with pure strength!”

This enemy came up with a plan in his mind.

His rapier suddenly shot out. The attacks were more aggressive and faster than when he was fighting Brook. Because he was thinner and smaller than Fei, as well as his weapon being lighter and sneakier, he was planning on using his faster movement and attack speed to tire Fei out and use a deadly strike when Fei shows a flaw in his defence.

Fei had soon found out this enemy’s strategy.

“Hahaha…” His laughter was full of pity.

This enemy was like a 【Fallen Shaman】in the diablo world. It was a human like monster that held a blade in one hand and a torch in another. The 【Fallen Shaman】was sly and cruel, both moving and attacking fast. When it was at a disadvantage, it would try everything to run from the fight.

After Fei leveled up to level 5, his solution for monsters like these was simple – one strike and done. This strategy was no use against Fei. Any tricks and strategies were like potato chips in front of absolute power; they would be crushed easily.

What was a barbarian? The god of close range combat.

Doesn’t matter if it was strength or skill level on various weapons, barbarians will always be ranked number one in the diablo world. If a barbarian would be defeated so easily by such a strategy, Fei would have died in the diablo world thousands of times already.

“Clang!”

Again, only one strike from Fei had damaged the internal organs of this enemy and he had to back off while puking blood.

His rapier was shattered into pieces. Some pieces even plunged backed into his body because of the power of the collision.

“Back!”

This enemy was terrified. He wasn’t even close to defeating Fei. After that first contact, he knew right away that this man’s axe techniques were even scarier than his strength. He had no chance in winning this fight.

“ T‘chi -”

This enemy threw out a weird looking hook. A string was attached to it so it could be used as a swing. After it landed on and was secured onto one of the battlements, he jumped down the defensive wall and tried to swing away from the battle and from Fei. Almost like a “Spider man”.

However –

“If you already came, then stay!”

Fei was not going give this enemy the chance to escape, he said as he kicked a double handed sword on the ground.

“ Shiiing – “

The sword traced the path of the enemy, fast as lightning.

It pierced the enemy in the back mid-air and killed him instantly. The sword nailed his dead body to the ground under the defence wall.

“You’re welcome!” Fei said to the dead body savagely.

As he was about to return to smashing all the remaining enemies –

“Moo !! Moo ——”

A few strange sounding horns came from the enemies’ base far away and soon spread around the battlefield.

Enemies receded from the defensive wall around Chambord and returned to their base quickly, like a tide on the beach.

“The enemies retreated!!!”

The defenders of Chambord cheered in surprise as they saw what had happened.

In comparison to the defenders, after seeing the retreat of their own soldiers, the remaining enemies knew that the commander had given up on them already and their morale sunk. After defending for a short while, they all threw down their weapons and went on their knees and surrendered.

The soldiers of Chambord had quickly taken back control of the defence wall.

But two hundred yards(meters) away from the middle of the defence wall, the battle wasn’t over.

The first commander of the king’s guards, a three star warrior Frank Lampard was fighting to the death with an enemy swordsman named Landes. Both of their energies were clashing with each other. One red and one blue, the energies that leaked out of their battle had destroyed everything around them, including both the defenders and the attackers of Chambord, as well as the defence walls around them.

No one could even come closer than within ten yards (3 meters) of them.

Fei had smashed a couple more enemies who were still resisting on the way to the battle. He squinted at Landes as he was calculating how he could help Lampard in this fight.

The battles Fei engaged in had built his confidence, he was feeling invincible.

However –

Fei soon found out that this battle was way out of his expectation.

After he got closer to this fight, he felt a huge pressure. The red and blue energies that were leaking out of the battle had left many shocking marks on the defence wall. Fei’s instinct told him that he was in an extremely dangerous place.

The experience from the numerous battles with the monsters in the diablo world had trained Fei’s brain. He immediately knew that he was no match to either Lampard or the enemy swordsman. They both were at least twice as strong as him.

When Fei was thinking, someone in the battle had yelled –

“Hahaha! Master had commanded the retreat. I will let you guys live for one more night. After we conquer your castle, not a single one of you will survive!”

The Landes’s energies started covering his body, it looked like he was covered in a huge burning flame. He forced away Lampard with a powerful strike and turned around and chopped a few of the closest Chambord soldiers in half. Then he jumped off of the defence wall laughing out loud while the soldiers cried in pain.

Fei couldn’t take it anymore.

“Fuck! How dare you kill my soldiers to show off?!”

He used the same tactics and kicked out a weapon on the ground.

“ T‘chi -”

An iron spear flew towards Landes at a high speed, as if it was a huge arrow shot from a military crossbow.

“I will grant your wish!”

Swordsman Landes found out angrily that, other than the three star warrior Lampard, an ant like trash had dared to attack him.

He roared with his body spinning in mid-air and stepped onto the shooting iron spear. He jumped back towards the defence wall using the momentum from the spear, like a fluttering eagle.

“Die!!! [Exploding Sun Strike]!”

A stream of red energy, appearing as intense as erupting lava radiating deadly heat, was shot towards Fei.

“Be careful!”

Lampard warned Fei.

He was planning to save this ‘Iron man”, but the excessive fighting had triggered the indiscernible internal injury he had from ten years ago and caused him to puke a ton of blood and immobilized him.

Lampard was surprised by his condition, but there was nothing that he could do.

…

“Let‘s see how strong you really are!”

Although the enemy was twice as strong as Fei, but it had ignited his fighting spirit even more. The pride of a barbarian had affected Fei’s personality subconsciously and he wasn’t going to back off. His huge double handed axe turned into a cloud of black shadow in his hand and smashed into the [Exploding Sun Strike] with a massive amount of force.

“Boom!”

The collision spilled red energy all around and damaged the defensive wall even more.

Fei was forced back thirty, forty steps by the energy until he had finally got a hold of himself.

“Pu……”

Blood had rushed out of his mouth and dyed the heavy armour to the color of the blood. Fei felt dizzy and his body started wobbling.

The soldiers and defenders were shocked.

This collision of power had determined who as the stronger one.

The invincible metal warrior of Chambord…… had lost.

Last Chapter



* * *





Chapter 12




Chapter 12: It’s him!

—————————————————————————————————————————

Although no one knew what kind of a face was under that helmet, this man definitely gained the trust and respect from the soldiers. After seeing Fei lost the fight, Brook and a few other brave soldiers sprinted towards Fei, ready to sacrifice their own lives to protect this man who single-handedly saved Chambord castle from the enemy’s siege today.

Swordsman Landes was a three star warrior as well, but he knew that he had an advantage. The opponent’s terrifying dragon-like strength struck him during the collision. His right arm that held his sword felt numb, and he had a hard time breathing. Worst of all, the collision had send him mid-air so he had no place to step on to regain his momentum.

But –

“Die!!”

Landes didn’t stop there. He flung his left wrist and a hook flew out. It was a similar hook that the previous enemy used. After it locked onto the battlement, he forcefully pulled the string and the momentum sent him back onto the defensive wall.

Brook and the other soldier who were trying to help couldn’t move an inch closer towards the explosive energy and pressure.

Landes’ energy empowered his weapon again. With red flames on the sword, he pierced towards Fei! He decided to teach this trash a deadly lesson that he shouldn’t mess with a three star warrior.

The soldiers and defenders were terrified. Everyone thought that Fei was going to die for sure.

However –

“Hahaha! Bastard, that’s all you got?”

Fei slightly tilted his body, not trying to dodge at all. As if he was so scared that he forgot to move, the sword went through his shoulder easily. However, Fei immediately roared like a wounded lion.

“Roar —- “

Barbarian’s warcry – 【Howl】

The mysterious power appeared again right after the roar.

Landes was stunned. He felt really scared; he never felt this way before. It caused the energy in his body to freeze for a second. Behind the opponent’s helmet, Landes saw eyes filled with craziness.

These eyes represented death.

“Die! Dumbass!”

Fei concentrated his strength into this one punch and aimed at Landes’ chest.

Landes’ mind wasn’t clear because he was affected by 【Howl】. Although he felt danger, he wasn’t able to dodge this punch. The enormous force didn’t give him any chance. He was punched back instantly and blood spurt out of his mouth. His body smashed onto the battlement and broke it. Both of them fell off of the defense wall–his sword was still stuck on Fei’s shoulder.

Although Landes had the energy of a three star warrior, after getting hit by this power punch, the damage to his body was enormous. His was filled with shock and disbelief as he was falling down. He struggled to fling out his hook, eventually being secured onto the defense wall. He pulled on it, cancelling out the acceleration he was experiencing from falling down and landed safely.

Although he was injured, falling through the defense wall wasn’t enough to kill him. He looked to the top of the defense wall, hesitated for a bit, then decided to temporarily retreat.

He felt a call from the grim reaper when he was punched. Although that man’s power was far lower than his, the craziness and the will for battle made him lose the courage to fight that man again.

……

On the defense wall.

The way that the soldiers looked at Fei who still had the sword stuck on his shoulder completely changed.

Respect, unimaginable, madness, worship…

They looked at him as if he was a god of war. Even the three star warrior Lampard, who had finally recovered a little bit from the indiscernible injury, stared at Fei with respect and seriousness.

After the series of attacks between Fei and Landes, only Lampard could clearly see what kind of a warrior this ‘iron man” was!

……

At this point, the question on everyone’s mind was –

“Who is he?”

“Who could he be?”

Everybody asked themselves, “Under the helmet dyed with the blood of the enemy, what kind of a face does he have?”

Fei raised his arm.

Every tiny action of Fei was observed to the absolute smallest detail by the people of Chambord.

He placed his left hand on the handle of Landes’ sword that was still stuck on his right shoulder. He bit his teeth and pulled it out.

“Pu — “

An arrow of blood shot out the metal armour.

Some people couldn’t resist and yelled as if they were the one who was pierced.

Fei didn’t shake or make any noise, he made it look painless and simple which yet again stunned the numerous observers.

Fei took a long breath after he pulled the sword out. The immediate pain made him dizzy for a while, but he held himself together really well, sp no one could see it. After the pain and dizziness passed, he took off his helmet slowly.

This scene was even slower in the eyes of the soldiers and defenders. It was like a slow-motion action film for them.

It only took a second but it seemed like a decade in the observers’ eyes. Finally, the mystery was unveiled.

They saw the face under that helmet – his black hair was dripping wet and was stuck onto his forehead, and his thick eyebrows and his shining smile had made his face even more handsome.

“He is ….”

The soldiers on the defense wall had forgotten how to breathe and speak, as if they had just stared at Medusa.

Three star warrior Lampard was a very serious person, but now his mouth was wide open, not knowing what to say. The second commander of the king’s guards Brook and the other few directors kept wiping their eyes; they couldn’t believe that they saw. They all thought they were too tired and were seeing thing.

It was ……. King Alexander!

Impossible!

To tell the truth, before Fei took off his helmet, everyone was guessing who this warrior might be. But after considering everyone, even including the homeless and the beggars at Chambord, no one would expect to see the face of their king!

The famous retard King Alexander!

This was the man who was the absolute shame to Chambord for the past three years!

It’s him!

But how could it be?

It was deathly silent on the defense wall.

The shock that Fei gave to the defenders from taking off his helmet was ten time stronger than the shock he gave them when he destroyed the two one star warriors and injured the three star warrior Landes!

After three, four minutes of silence, someone finally accepted reality and yelled, “It’s King Alex…Alexander! It’s King Alexander!”

This yell had woken everyone up.

Everyone finally believed what they had seen, and they were all red-faced and yelled in excitement –

“God! It really is King Alexander!”

“It really is King Alexander!”

“King Alexander saved us!”

“Hail King Alexander!”

“Long live King Alexander!”

Last Chapter



* * *





Chapter 13




Chapter 13: The Peace after the Storm

————————————————————————————————–

The soldiers went crazy. It was way too surprising!

Just like pouring a cup of water into a pot of boiling oil, heat exploded everywhere. Every defender felt a burning sensation inside of them, like a fire wanting to burst open. All the excitement and glory of fighting beside the king came together and formed into one shout

“Hail King Alexander!”

The sounds of the shout travelled far away, and even got the attention of the enemies in their base, located on the other side of the Zuli moat.

Fei was shouting along with the soldiers. He was sure that he had impressed all of them. To make his “return” more epic, he waved his hand to quiet down the crowd.

The soldiers quickly shut their mouths. They followed Fei’s orders as if Fei was a god. Fei walked towards the center of the defensive wall. Staring at all the soldiers, he raised his trophy, the three star warrior Landes’ sword, and cheered, “Hail Chambord!”

The bloody sword, the invincible hero, the remains of the enemies, the golden light from the sunset, and the godlike king…….

All of these things stimulated the soldiers even more. They raised their weapon and cheered.

“Hail Chambord! Hail King Alexander!”

“Hail …”

While the soldiers were cheering, Fei suddenly turned around and pointed his sword at the enemies’ base and yelled, “My warriors, cheer with me! Fuck your dumbass master in the ass!”

“Hahaha!” The soldiers all laughed uncontrollably.

They quickly realized that the king was not only worth of their respect; they could also relate to him, making them admire him even more. The soldiers rushed to the outer edge of the defensive wall and yelled at the enemies’ base, “Fuck your dumbass master in the ass!… Bastards… Hahaha!”

The fear and sadness about the war had suddenly subsided.

At this moment…

“Alexander, how did you get here?”

A surprised, yet worrisome and concerned voice came from Fei’s back. Fei turned around.

He saw Angela in a long purple dress. She was holding up the edges of her dress while rushing up the stairs of the defensive wall.

The blonde haired Emma was yelling and chasing behind her. She seemed a little mad.

Fei threw away the sword that was still dripping blood and turned his head around to wipe off the blood on his lips. After he felt that his appearance wouldn’t scare the beautiful angel, he turned back and walked towards her.

His walk turned into a sprint as he saw that Angela was about to fall from the stairs and he caught her just in time. The smooth sensation from touching her made Fei want to hug his beautiful fiancé really badly.

“This place is too dangerous! You have to go back!”

Angela didn’t see what had happened on the battlefield. There was sweat on her face and her cheeks were completely red from running up the stairs. Tears built up in her eyes as she said that to Fei.

Twenty minutes ago, Angela returned to the palace bedroom with Emma after getting Emma’s face treated. They were surprised to find out that Alexander had disappeared and that there was a fully armoured suit chopped into halves within the palace. They were really anxious and worried about Alexander and his whereabouts.

Angela blamed herself over and over for leaving Alexander alone in the palace.

They searched the entire palace, including the places Alexander loved to go to, but didn’t find any clues. As they were getting desperate and about to cry, they heard a ton of soldiers yelling, “Hail King Alexander!” on the defensive wall. Angela forgot about her own safety and didn’t listen to Emma’s strong opposition as she ran as fast as she could towards the battlefield.

Fortunately, the battle had already ended for a while, and she spotted Alexander right away, fully clad in metal armour.

“Are you injured?” Angela saw all the blood on Fei’s armour.

Fei laughed proudly and pointed at the corpses of the enemies, “It’s all their blood… Eh, don’t look, these guys look disgusting.” He quickly blocked Angela’s view. He didn’t want his pure fiancé to see all the blood and violence.

This simple move by Fei had Angela’s heart racing.

At this moment…

“Alexander, you are almost eighteen years old! Can you stop making trouble for Angela? Do you know how dangerous this place is? You almost made Angela cry…”

Emma had finally caught up to Angela. Although she also didn’t have any idea about what happened, she began accusing Fei as she took a couple deep breaths; the stairs really tired her out.

Back when Alexander was still a retard, Angela and Emma had treated him like a little brother, so when Emma got frustrated, she forgot about his status as a king and yelled at him like a big sister.

However, Fei didn’t get mad at all. He knew that they were just really worried about him, so he decided to tease Emma a little bit.

He played dumb, and as if he was wronged, he said, “I didn’t make any trouble …… I am here to kill the enemies …… Look if you don’t believe me, I am strong, and I even killed a lot of enemies……”

Emma became even angrier.

“Who are you kidding? It was already embarrassing when you were knocked off of the defensive wall by an arrow the last time. Do you want to make more trouble this time? Kill the enemies? It would be great if you didn’t mess up the defense for us! Let’s go back! If you cause any more trouble, I’ll let Angela slap your butt!”

“Slap my butt?”

Fei’s expression turned strange. When the old Alexander caused trouble, did Angela always slap his butt? Fei’s thoughts were getting really inappropriate.

“Ok, let’s go back Alexander! This place is too dangerous,” said Angela. She held onto Fei’s hand and began to walk in the direction of the king’s palace. She thought to herself, “We have to leave this bloody place, I hope it won’t traumatize poor Alexander.”

“No, Angela!” Fei refused the caring intention of this beautiful girl.

He fixed Angela’s black hair which had gotten messy from all the sprinting and stair climbing. Lowering his body to Angela’s ear, he said, “Angela, do you remember? Earlier you told me that I have to be a brave king. Now, I will be here with my soldiers until we fight off the enemies.”

Although what Fei was saying was very honourable and moving, he was also trying his best to impress this girl. “Heroes are what girls dream of!” he thought to himself.

“That’s enough! Alexander, you’re causing trouble yet again!” Emma didn’t take Fei’s words seriously. Her bright red face was fuming with anger, while her sapphire-like eyes were filled with frustration.

“Angela, Emma, let Alexander stay!”

The three star warrior Lampard walked towards them. He patted Emma on the back to cool her down as he stared at Fei with a perplexed look.

Lampard felt he couldn’t get a hang of this little king anymore. He still hadn’t digested all the shock that Alexander, who he had seen growing up and being laughed at by everyone, gave him today.

“What? Mister Lampard, you ……”

Both Angela and Emma didn’t expect Lampard to say that; they were very surprised.

Both of them knew that aside themselves in the Chambord castle, the only one who truly cared for Alexander was the three star warrior Lampard, who had protected Alexander from when he was just a little kid. They couldn’t believe that Lampard was allowing Alexander who ‘didn’t’ have any defensive abilities to stay on the dangerous defensive wall.

“Angela, Emma, take a look at the way the soldiers are looking at Alexander……”

Lampard pointed at the soldiers who were busy resting and setting up more defensive barriers. Looking at the elated Fei, he smiled and said: “What Alexander said was true. If it wasn’t for him who showed up just on time and saved the day, Chambord would already have been conquered…… Angela, I have to agree. You were right when you said that Alexander would become the greatest king! Alright, I’m a bit tired, I have to rest!”

He quickly turned around and left.

However, no one noticed the thin steak of blood that was flowing out of his mouth…..

Last Chapter



* * *





Chapter 14




Chapter 14: The Healing Facility

—————————————————————————————————————————————

Now Angela and Emma noticed the abnormal surrounding atmosphere.

The soldiers were looking at Alexander with complete respect. The king who had previously been a laughing gag for everyone in Chambord now seemed like a super idol that every soldier would sacrifice their own life for. This level of respect and worship from the soldiers was usually only directed toward Lampard.

“Hail King Alexander!”

“Long live King Alexander!”

Fei felt great in front of Angela. He gave the surrounding soldiers a look that only bros would understand. The soldiers laughed and were very cooperative; they all raised their arms and yelled, “Hail King Alexander!”

Back then, every soldier felt that Alexander was a pile of shit compared to his fiancé Angela, who was a shining diamond. They felt sorry for Angela and believed that Alexander was not good enough for her. However, they now felt that ‘the pile of shit’ Alexander was the only one in Chambord worthy of this diamond.

To Angela and Emma, they never encountered such an atmosphere when Alexander was present.

“What happened??” The two smart girls wouldn’t wrap their heads around it.

At this moment –

“My majesty, Pierce almost didn’t make it……”

Brook, the second commander of the king’s guards, rushed towards Fei.

Although he knew that King Alexander was not a doctor nor even a priest from the church, he still had a tiny amount of hope in Fei because his amazing performance today. He hoped that Fei was still hiding some secrets under his sleeves, “God please! Give us one more miracle! Just one more miracle from King Alexander!”

“Pierce?”

The white haired man who had risked his life to destroy the two siege ladders appeared in Fei’s mind. That man was a real warrior, no doubt about it–not just because of his strength, but also because of his mindset and willingness to sacrifice his life for something that he cherished.

“Brook, take care of Angela and Emma for me, I will go and take a look!”

Fei tapped on Angela’s hand and passionately told her to be careful. Then, he looked at Emma and raised his eyebrows to show off his new influence on the soldiers, including the commanders to her. Finally, a soldier led him towards the healing facility.

“Feh!”

Emma couldn’t take Fei’s teasing. She stared the Fei’s back ‘bitterly’ as he was rushing away. Then she turned around and said cutely, “Uncle Brook! What happened? Alexander seems like ……”

That was the same question that Angela, who was blushing because of Fei’s flirty behaviour, wanted to know the answer to.

Brook smiled as he told them what had happened in the critical moment of the battle when Fei arrived.

As the second commander of the king’s guards, Brook treated these two girls like his own daughters – in fact, almost every citizen at Chambord liked these two kind and mature girls. They all felt injustice towards Angela, the poor girl that was forced to marry this retarded king. But now, everyone who had witnessed or participated in the battle believed that only Alexander was the right fit for Angela.

After listening to the entire story, Angela and Emma were shocked.

“Is our retarded Alexander really the hero of the story?” Emma had her doubts.

……

……

At Chambord Healing Facility.

When Fei walked in, he was shocked.

“This place isn’t the healing facility, is it? It looks like a pigpen.” Fei thought to himself.

A cold, moist, and moldy smell filled this seemingly abandoned place. There wasn’t even a door to block the wind and the rain. The windows were blocked by rocks; dust and mud were everywhere. There was only some hay on the ground, while hundreds of heavily wounded soldiers were crying and groaning.

Four or five doctor personnel who were dressed in black and white robes walked between these soldiers. There was definitely a shortage of hands as these doctors were sprinting around, covered in sweat.

“Your Majesty has arrived!” yelled the soldier who led Fei.

That had caught the attention of everyone in the facility, except those who were still in a coma or had fainted.

The bravery and the power of king Alexander spread throughout the facility by the wounded soldiers who were sent here after Fei had arrived on the battlefield. Many soldiers were imagining the exciting and manly battle scenes. Of course, some soldiers who didn’t see Fei on the battlefield were a little skeptical. They wanted to see the king who turned from a retard into a hero in person.

After seeing King Alexander arrive, the soldiers here were really pumped.

Some soldier ignored the wounds on their bodies. They struggled to sit up to see the king, breaking the scabs that had just formed on their wounds. The ones who fought alongside Fei all cheered: “Hail King Alexander!”

Fei thanked the soldier who had led him to the facility, then quickly tried to comfort the soldiers who were struggling to sit up……

He didn’t know what to say.

This was definitely not the right place display his royal status. After seeing many young, mature, and old faces, their startling wounds, the blood from their body soaking into the soil beneath them……

Something triggered Fei’s heart.

The glorious hero’s legacies from Earth seemed to be re-lived by the people in front of him. Technically speaking, these soldier were wounded from protecting him; some of them would be disabled forever. As a person from Earth, Fei wouldn’t convince himself to accept this fact; if possible, he wished that he had fought the battle from the beginning alongside these soldiers.

Human seemed to always contradict themselves, and Fei was a prime example.

He was a coward and was extremely scared of death, but at this moment, he desired to fight and battle. Maybe he was affected by the endless violence and bloodiness in the Diablo world, or it might have been his animal instincts being triggered by the enemy’s pressure.

“My warriors, you have protected Chambord and you deserve the glory we have won today!”

Although Fei considered himself a talker, he didn’t really know what to say at this point. When he bowed to all the soldiers in the healing facility, that sentence suddenly came out.

This world was similar to medieval European feudal societies under strict classes and hierarchies. A king bowing to a lower classed soldier was unheard of – not even a retarded king.

Sometimes, human emotions were simple. Many soldiers were touched by Fei’s bow. Some soldiers who were complaining and spiteful as a result of their new disabilities felt that it was worth it at that moment.

……

After Fei comforted a majority of the wounded soldiers, he arrived in front of Pierce. He had entered a coma. The enemy left some of his energy inside of Pierce’s body when his shoulder was pierced by the rapier. The energy damaged Pierce’s body and shocked his internal organs. Blood was flowing out of the wounded area non-stop. A young doctor was scrambling on the side attempting to stop it, but it was not effective.

Fei now had the chance to observe the doctor’s treatment in close detail.

He was really disappointed. The doctors at Chambord didn’t have the magical healing spells Fei had imagined. They could only perform simple first aid, including cleaning wounded areas and applying healing medicine to it. The effectiveness of these treatments was very limited. The life and death of the wounded soldiers depended all on their own physical attributes and the severity of their wounds. If they were lucky, they could stay alive; if not? Then they couldn’t do anything but to die.

Last Chapter



* * *





Chapter 15




Chapter 15: The Cure?

———————————————————–

For the severely injured soldiers who had no chance of survival, there was a way for them to be ‘euthanized’– by using a small, yet deadly hammer to nail a needle into the weak spot on the back of their head. They would be killed instantly without experiencing any pain.

For injuries like Pierce’s, the ‘euthanasia’ would be performed.

However, after considering that Pierce was one of the strongest men in Chambord, the fact that he had destroyed two siege ladders during the battle, and the advice of the second commander Brook, he wasn’t euthanized yet.

“How is he doing?” Fei asked the doctor, hoping to get some good news.

“I’m very sorry, your majesty. We tried our best, but his internal organs were shocked and almost torn open. Even the high class priests from the Holy Church can’t do anything about it!”

“Priests?”

This word caught Fei’s attention, but now was not the right time to ask questions regarding that. Fei had to come up with a solution to this problem.

Two other doctors came up and bowed to Fei; one was holding a wooden tray. A small hammer and a bizarre looking needle were placed on the tray–they were the tools for euthanasia. Pierce was the last severely injured person in the facility. Although he fainted, everyone could see that his body was still experiencing a lot of pain. These injuries might not have been able to kill him right away, but the blood from his wounds and mouth were flowing like water pouring out of a bottle.

An older looking doctor lifted Pierce off the ground. The other doctor placed the nail at the back of Pierce’s head and raised the hammer with his other arm.

—

“Wait!”

Fei had to stop the actions of the doctors.

He just couldn’t let a real warrior die like this. Real warriors deserved to die on the battlefield. A death like this would bring shame upon a man like Pierce. Moreover, Fei didn’t want to let Pierce die.

“But … How can I save him?” Fei had to think fast.

At this moment, as if Pierce sensed the tension in the room, he woke up. He saw King Alexander standing in front him, as well as the doctors. Eventually, his eyes finally focused onto the hammer. A smile shined on his face: “Kekeke…. Is it my turn now? Go ahead……”

Pierce didn’t say anything to Fei. He fainted before Fei surprised everyone, so he didn’t know that the retarded king was now officially the hero of Chambord.

The doctor raised the hammer again.

“Wait…”

Fei stopped it again. He looked down at Pierce fading in and out of consciousness, and then an idea flashed through his mind, “Pierce, I know how to save you, but you may have to endure a ton of pain.” He said.

“You? Ha.. Kin……King Alexander, this…….this joke is not fu…… funny. If you do care for your soldiers, then plea…..please spare some bread for my …… my poor daughter Louise!”

Although Pierce wasn’t fully conscious, he didn’t trust the king in front of him one bit. “Trusting the words of a retard? Do you think I’m a retard too?” Only when he spoke of his daughter did Fei see the worries in the man who wasn’t even afraid of the enemy’s sword.

“What? You scared of pain?” Fei lowered his body and scoffed at Pierce.

He did it on purpose; it worked like a charm! Pierce easily fell for it.

The tempered man was enraged. Like a lion whose mate had been taken, Pierce struggled to sit up, causing all his wounds to bleed once more, “Ha……haha……ha. I …… I’m scared of pain? kekeke……I ……”

Fei was scared.

This man really had a strong sense of pride. Fei didn’t want to irritate Pierce too much or he would literally die from bleeding.

“Endure it if you are not afraid of the pain. Do it for your daughter.” He said that to Pierce before he left the healing facility.

Just as he walked out of the facility, Brook had arrived with Angela and Emma.

Angela’s and Emma’s cheeks were really red. They stared at Fei when they saw him. They still couldn’t believe what they had heard.

“Your majesty, Pierce …” Brook asked with hope.

“There might be a way to save him.” Fei wasn’t too sure about his idea. “I can only try my best. If I’m lucky, Pierce won’t die.”

“Great!” Fei’s answer was beyond Brook’s expectation.

As a commander of the king’s guards, Brook had seen a lot of death and injuries. He knew exactly how severe Pierce’s injuries were – death was almost guaranteed. He only asked the king due to desperation, but he didn’t expect that the king to really have a cure.

“Oh Brook, one more thing. Why is the healing facility so poor? Don’t we have a better place for our warriors to stay in?”

Fei was very unsatisfied with this so-called ‘healing facility’.

This question caught Brook off guarded. He wanted to say something, but he stopped himself.

Emma took deep breaths behind Brook; she wasn’t used to all the sprinting. After hearing Fei’s question, she didn’t hold back at all; she said sarcastically: “Isn’t this all your doing? If it wasn’t for your majesty listening to that Gill’s words and selling all the valuable items in the healing facilities to have some fun, expelling all the doctors and even taking off all the windows, the healing facility wouldn’t be looking like this……”

Fei didn’t know what to say.

“I really was a retard and a dumbass back then……” He thought to himself.

“Are there any other larger places that are more suitable for keeping all the wounded soldiers?” Fei asked Brook without saying anything back to Emma.

“The church at Chambord, as well as the head minister Barzel’s mansion are suitable, but……but……” Brook hesitated as he continued speaking.

“But what?” Fei was curious.

Brook didn’t how to respond to the question.

“The two places that Uncle Brook mentioned do have enough space for these soldiers, but Alexander, you can’t move them there……” Angela, who was previously quiet explained patiently: “The priests left Chambord castle and the church was locked down. We don’t have the authority use it, or we will be heavily punished by the Holy Church. There aren’t any empires on this Azeroth Continent that dare go against the Holy Church’s rules and orders. Head minister Barzel’s mansion is not very convenient right now……”

The explanation was pretty vague. Fei still didn’t fully understand everything.

Although he had inherited Alexander’s previous memories, his understanding of this world was still minimal. He saw that Angela was very serious and wanted to tease her a bit, “Is the Holy Church that powerful? Even a king can’t order them?”

Blonde-haired Emma began to object Fei again, “When the priests in the castle were leaving, even the enemies that surrounded our castle didn’t dare stop them; they had to let them out respectfully. What do you think about the Holy Church’s power now? Even the most powerful level nine empires don’t dare to go against the Holy Church so blatantly.”

Fei laughed nervously and didn’t stress on that question anymore.

His knowledge regarding the continent was just too little. If he continued asking stupid questions, the others might’ve gotten suspicious of him. He quickly shifted the attention of the three people away from that subject, “Alright then, are there any other places aside from the Church and Head minister Barzel’s mansion?”

Brook shook his head.

Angela and Emma did the same. They didn’t have any good ideas either.

After seeing this, Fei rubbed his chin. He was considering Barzel’s mansion, “Barzel’s son Gill had tried to kill me. If he was like that, his father probably isn’t someone bright as well.” Forcing these kinds of people to share their property by using his authority as the king would not cause Fei to feel any guilt!

At this moment –

“I know another place!” Emma yelled suddenly.

“Which place?” Fei, Angela and Brook were all surprised.

Last Chapter



* * *





Chapter 16




Chapter 16: The Insane Discovery

———————————–

As Emma stared at Fei, a mischievous smile covered her face, “The front half of your majesty’s palace! There’s enough space for all the soldiers. Hahaha, it depends on whether or not you are willing to do so!”

Fei’s eyes brightened.

“Great idea! That’s it! Brook, go ahead and organize the remaining soldier. Make sure that you’re able to move all the wounded soldier to the front half of my palace. Also, notify all the doctors. It doesn’t matter how severe the injuries are, tell them to try their best to maintain the lives of the wounded soldiers. I will handle the rest!”

Brook was shocked, “You majesty, you can’t!”

“Why not?” Fei laughed, “They bled for me and the kingdom of Chambord, so why can’t I provide them with a better place to stay and be treated?”

Emma was stunned.

She proposed this solution not to solve the problem, but to childishly confront Fei. She didn’t expect Fei to listen to her…… “Hey Alexander! Are you sure about this?” It was unheard of that a king would offer his palace as healing facility for the wounded soldiers.

Fei purposely rubbed Emma’s head and made a mess of the hair. “Of course……. Hahaha, thanks for your suggestion, kiddo!”

“You are the kiddo here!”

“Hahaha……”

Angela didn’t say a word. She simply smiled as she watched Fei and Emma play with each other. Her mood was unprecedentedly happy. How long had it been since she was this happy? Angela didn’t know the answer to that question herself. The way she was looking at Fei was getting brighter and brighter.

……

The wounded soldiers were quickly moved to the front half of the king’s palace.

Food, water, wool blankets and clothes were distributed to all of them under Angela’s and Emma’s lead. Fei had also generously given out a portion of his treasure and wealth to motivate the soldiers. At this dire moment, morale had to be high. Aside from spiritual encouragement and motivation, there had to be some material benefits too. As a student who had taken psychology courses before, Fei knew what he had to do.

Fei’s action had definitely won over the soldiers’ respect even more.

The cheering of “Hail King Alexander!” resounded throughout Chambord castle once more. Some wounded soldiers were touched and started crying and swore to devote their lives towards following King Alexander’s commands. In this world where the lives of commoners were basically worthless, it was pretty easy to win over the support the people.

After organizing the wounded soldiers, Fei handed control over to the ‘Military Guru’ Brook to plan duties such as the guarding and securing the defensive wall and putting up more barriers.

He returned to the back of the palace and ordered that no one was to enter his room. He had to check on his injuries. Luckily, they weren’t too severe.

His first battle wasn’t bad. He wasn’t injured at all when fighting the two one star warriors. Only when he was trying to take on the three star warrior Landes did he get injured. He went head to head with the [Exploding Sun Strike] and only puked some blood.

The most severe injury was when Fei’s shoulder was pierced by Landes’ sword. Landes’ fire energy had entered Fei’s body through the sword and shocked his internal organs, an injury similar to Pierce.

Fei took a gamble when he intentionally let Landes pierce him.

He brought the strength and abilities of the barbarian to this world, thinking that the defense and armour of the barbarian was also probably brought to this world. It would minimize the damage from Landes.

In fact, he won the gamble.

The energy of a three star warrior should’ve been able to shatter Fei’s organs into pieces, but due to barbarian’s sick armour and defense, the organs were only shocked. There weren’t any deadly effects.

Of course, Fei had to do that. In that situation, Fei couldn’t think of another way to temporarily defeat Landes except for tricking him. If Fei didn’t force Landes off of the defensive wall, he would’ve become just another soul under Landes’ sword by now.

It wasn’t that Fei wasn’t scared of death. It was just that he was too scared of death, so he had to risk everything he got.

……

After checking his injuries, Fei began doing something very important –

He sat on the bed and tried to enter the Diablo world. If he wanted to save the lives of his soldiers, he had to enter the Diablo world once again.

Fei’s idea was simple –

If he could bring the abilities and attributes from the character in the Diablo world to real life, then he could probably bring the items and potions into the real world.

If he could bring the 【Healing Potions】 which could literally heal all the health of a dying character in the Diablo world into the real world, then Pierce and all other soldiers’ lives could be saved.

After thinking about that, Fei couldn’t wait to enter the Diablo world.

He meditated on the bed. He concentrated as he tried to remember how he enter the Diablo world for the first time. He tried to communicate with the strange voice inside his head.

The result surprised Fei. There was a quick response –

“Gamer Fei seeking approval to enter Diablo world…… Soul scan valid …… Game Time verifying……Excess time left over …… Request Approved. Countdown ……3……2……1. Enter!” The cold yet mysterious voice spoke.

Fei had the pleasure to travel through the ‘star gate’ again as he felt dizzy and a strange wave went through his body.

……

……

The scene in front of Fei surprised him.

He remembered that he was still in the 【Den of Evil】 on 【Blood Moor】. He was expecting to be sent back to the same place, but it definitely wasn’t the case.

He was not at the 【Den of Evil】, nor 【Rogue Encampment】

It wasn’t even in the Diablo world. He was in front of a 3D projected screen.

On the screen, there were seven playable characters: Amazon, Assassin, Barbarian, Druid, Necromancer, Paladin and Sorceress. They were all standing in front of a bonfire. Every character was real. Fei could even hear them breathing. It felt like there were seven people standing in front of Fei.

“Is …… is this the selection screen in the game? Why am I here? Could it…”

As Fei was thinking, he saw a button under the screen – 【Create a New Character】

Fei was stunned at first – he couldn’t control his excitement.

“Create a new character? Does that mean I could play other classes and bring their abilities into the real world?”

An imaginary door opened in front of Fei. He could see his bright future. There were numerous opportunities. If he was a level 99 character in Hell (most difficult) game mode and was able to use those abilities in the real world, how powerful could he become?

All he could think about were the possibilities.

Hundreds of abilities from all seven classes would definitely create a big storm in the real world, and no one would be able to defeat him.

“This is insane!!!” Fei couldn’t hold himself together.

He had to try it out to be sure. He thought about it and decided to become a fancy mage this time.

Instantly, a beautiful women representing the class Sorceress stepped forward. She waved her powerful wand and lightning came down from the sky; then she bowed to Fei.

The bottom on the screen changed to – 【Confirm selection】

Fei pressed yes.

The screen began disappearing and his vision blurred. It was the sign of entering the Diablo world.

Suddenly, Fei thought of a serious question –

“The sorceress was a female character! When I become a sorceress, I won’t become a female, right?! Would I?!?!?!?!?!?!”

Last Chapter



* * *





Chapter 17




Chapter 17: The “’God’ of Toleration

The Diablo system didn’t give Fei much time to regret his choice. Right after a second, everything in front of Fei had changed.

“Huuuu-”

Fei felt the zero gravity again from traveling through the ‘time tunnel’. His vision blurred for a second. The next thing he knew, he had appeared in 【Rogue Encampment】 and was at the spot where new players would spawn.

The sky was still dark and the rain continued pouring down.

The【Rogue Encampment】was completely quiet.

Fei found out that when he changed his class to sorceress, everything went back to zero; it seemed as if he had restarted the game. He went to the high priestess Akara to receive the quest 【Den of Evil】, and the intelligent women treated Fei like a stranger while giving him the quest.

After he got the quest, he went back to the place where he spawned. He suddenly remembered something. He looked down his pants and hoped that he could touch something with his hand.

After a brief moment –

“Hew……ok…ok. So I didn’t become a female. It would’ve been way too cruel.”

Fei was very happy. Although the sorceress class was made to be a female in the Diablo world, his character appearance was based off Alexander in the real world. There were some minor changes, but he looked similar to the ‘Barbarian Fei’.

He was wearing a coarse gray robe and holding a two yard (about 2 metres) long tree branch wand. These two items were given to Fei when he spawned; they were pretty cheap and powerless.

Quickly, the NPC Warriv had rushed over again and started talking, “Greetings, stranger. I’m not surprised to see…” With his previous experience, Fei ignored him and walked away.

At this point, Fei was certain that his hypothesis was correct.

He could choose all the classes in the Diablo world, but he would only know whether or not he could bring their abilities into the real world after he exited the game world.

……

After he proved his hypothesis, he decided to exit the sorceress character mode.

It wasn’t that he didn’t want be a mage, but rather it was better to concentrate all his resources into one class for now. Chambord was under a real threat. He decided to focus his time on leveling up the barbarian Fei so he could be more useful for the next battle.

As he was thinking about exiting the mode, he was automatically transferred to the 3D character selection screen without pressing any buttons.

“Damn! I can control everything now by just thinking about them?” He thought about choosing the level 5 barbarian character and his vision blurred again, along with the feeling of zero gravity. He had entered the Diablo world again as a level 5 barbarian.

“This is cool!” Fei thought. He could simply think about what he wanted to do and there wouldn’t be any need for button pressing.

The place he appeared in was the 【Den of Evil】.

After he killed all the monsters in the den and completed the quest, he used a 【Town Portal Scroll】 before he was kicked out of the Diablo world. The bright blue oval was still buzzing in front of him when he re-entered this world.

There were still some items on the ground.

Fei checked his 【Item Slot】. All the valuable items were picked up by him and the items on the ground were pretty much worthless. He stepped into the blue portal and appeared at 【Rogue Encampment】.

The dark and rainy weather had stopped, and sunlight shined onto 【Rogue Encampment】.

Although the sky was still a little dim and gloomy–like how the polluted skies on Earth made people feel depressed–the fresh, clean air lightened up Fei’s mind.

Fei went directly to the priestess Akara. The same dialogue as the original game occurred and Fei was awarded one 【New Skill Points】. Fei put this point into 【Weapon Mastery】 without thinking.

There wasn’t enough time for Fei to distribute the points evenly among all the abilities. 【Weapon Mastery】 allowed him to defeat the star ranked warriors with godlike axe techniques, so leveling that ability up would significantly improve his combat effectiveness.

After he did that, he began bothering Akara.

“Honorable Priestess Akara, I have a few question……”

“I know what you want to ask, young traveller……” This spiritual leader of 【Rogue Encampment】 seemed like she had seen through Fei. She smiled, “I’m willing to answer your questions, but you have to know; at Rogue Encampment, everything has a price, so the key is …… do you have anything that interests me?”

“Damn, this woman is direct.” Fei was surprised by the brutal honesty of Akara.

He thought that the high priestess wouldn’t be moved by anything. Who knew that as a spiritual leader of 【Rogue Encampment】, she would directly ask for bribes? Fei felt that his respect for this woman had sunk.

“Eh…..ok, can gold coins be used as a price?” Fei asked.

“Yes.” the smile on Akara’s face brightened up even more: “Every answer will cost you two thousand gold coins. Of course, some answers will cost more based on the question. You might not be able to afford them at this point.”

Fei was excited that Akara agreed to answer his question. However, when he checked his 【Item Slot】, he was really disappointed. He only had eleven hundred gold coins. He couldn’t even afford one answer…… He had to come up with something.

Fei felt like swearing, “Damn this Akara. Two thousand gold coins per answer? Why don’t you go and rob a bank?!”

“Looks like I have to sell my items……Eh? Wait ……Items?”

Fei saw the two blue magic items. “If gold coins can be used to buy an answer, then items could probably be used too, right?”

Although he was complaining about the price of the answers, he didn’t show any of that on his face. He turned to Akara and asked respectfully, “Honorable Priestess Akara, I don’t have enough gold coins. Can these two items be used as a substitute?”

He brought out the 【Grim Wand 】and the 【Javelin】. Akara’s eyes brightened up.

“Magic items?”

“Yeah, they can be used as substitutes. It has been a while since items of this quality have appeared in Rogue Encampment. Young traveller, this 【Blazing Grim Wand 】and this 【Athlete’s Javelin】 are worth eight thousand gold coins. I can answer four of your questions!”

Akara was a high priestess and had the ability to identify items without using 【Identify scrolls】, so she could call out the names of the items by scanning them with her bare eyes.

When she was identifying the items, she looked very serious and Fei felt a hint of sacredness in her. In addition to the purple nun robe she was wearing, she was totally different from the tricky merchant Fei had in mind.

“Only eight thousand gold coins? That’s way too low!” Fei yelled in exaggeration.

He actually didn’t know the right price for these two magic items. Because of Fei’s bad impression of Akara, he felt the price that Akara spoke of was lower than the standard. “Honorable Priestess Akara, it’s not right for a spiritual leader like you to speak of gold coins all the time. How about this, let’s trade these two items for five answers. If I get more items like these in the future, I will take them to you as well.”

Akara was defeated by the shamelessness of the traveler. He spoke of the gold coins as if they were filthy on one hand, yet increased the value of his items by two thousand on the other.

She thought about Fei’s suggestion and accepted it.

Many years had passed and the man in front of her was the only traveler that could step into 【Rogue Encampment】, and he was the first to survive on 【Blood Moor】. Although there were some skillful female rogues, they could barely protect the Encampment. There was no way that they could survive on 【Blood Moor】 and bring back all these valuable items.

Also, Akara felt that as time passed by, the power of Diablo was corroding the energy of this world faster and faster. She had many important plans that this young traveler needed to complete.

“Thanks for your generosity, Honorable Priestess Akara. My first question is, how did I come into this world?”

“Young Traveler……”

Akara stared at Fei strangely and spoke, “I don’t know where you came from, but I could sense that you are not from this world. However, I’m sure that you arrival was all god’s decree. This world needs you!”

“What? God’s decree? This is your answer?” Fei didn’t know how to respond.

“Yes, this is the answer.” Akara nodded seriously.

Fei almost fainted. He was outraged. “God’s decree? This bullshit is worse than not having an answer!” Fei was fascinated by science when he was on Earth and didn’t believe in ghosts or gods. Akara’s answer to him was completely BS.

However, Fei couldn’t do anything about it. He was dealing with the leader of 【Rogue Encampment】.

He had to endure his rage. He quickly came up with the second question –

“So for the second question, if I’m killed by the monsters on the moor, will I be revived?”

This was the most important question to Fei. There were a list of quests in Diablo world. It would only get harder as he leveled up. He would have to face all the powerful demons from hell one day, and death would probably be unpreventable.

So, before his death actually happened, he had to make sure that it was the same as the original game where characters revived after their deaths.

Akara stared at Fei strangely again.

“Young man, I have to admit that you know way more about this world than I expected. It was true that long time ago, the travelers and warriors revived after their death by the redemption of the gods.” Akara slowed down as she spoke, “But time had passed on for too long. Diablo’s power is corrupting this world every second. It has been almost sixty years since a traveler has stepped foot into Rogue Encampment……So, the answer to this question is – I don’t know!”

Fei was shocked, “You……you don’t know? Does this count as an answer?”

“Yes, because I have told you all I know!”

There was fire burning in Fei’s eyes, smoke coming out his mouth and steam coming out his nose. “WTF! This priestess isn’t joking with me, is she?”

Fei was furious, but there was nothing he could do. He had to tolerate.

Last Chapter



* * *





Chapter 18




Chapter 18: Magic Items Again

Fei tried to hold himself together and squeezed the third question out of his mouth, “I want to know if I can bring items in this world into my world. You know that I mean, right? Honorable Priestess Akara.”

Fei was ready. If Akara said anything like, “It’s god’s decree” or “I don’t know“, Fei would literally punch Akara; “Consequences? Fuck that!” Fei thought. He didn’t care what the consequences were for fighting with the leader of 【Rogue Encampment】.

Fortunately, Akara’s answer wasn’t anything like that –

“Young traveler, you have memorize this rule – In this world, everything has a price…… Hehehe, if you have and are willing to trade items that even the gods envy, you can get anything you want!”

“So you mean, if I can pay for it, I can take it to my world, right?”

“Young man, this is your fourth question?”

“You damn woman, you’re so cheap!” Fei cursed in his mind.

Although he was pissed, he appeared respectful towards Akara. He shook his head, “No, of course not.” Fei was honestly scared by the greediness of Akara. He quickly asked his fourth question, “Why am I forced to leave this world after a few hours? What’s that voice inside my head?”

“That is god’s direction …… my child, when your mental strength is strong enough, you will get to stay in this world forever. But now, it’s obviously not the case. With your current mental strength, you can only stay in this world for four hours!”

“Mental Strength?! So that’s the key!” Fei now understood.

After Fei got the answer, he turned around and quickly walked.

He was afraid that he would do inexplicable things to Akara. Who said that NPCs were dumb and that their only purpose was to accelerate the plot of the game? Fei trusted this concept too hard and suffered a big loss while negotiating with Akara.

“Young traveler, you still have one last chance to ask a question.” Akara gloated.

“I will save my last question for now. I will come and ask you when I get a question that’s worth 2,000 gold!”

……

“Looks like I have to be more careful when dealing with NPCs in this world, or they’re going to suck me dry like a vampire. Damn, they’re scarier than the monsters on the moor…”

After talking with Akara, Fei decided to level up his character.

Chambord Castle was under serious danger, so he had to increase his power right away. Even if he couldn’t defend the castle, he still could protect the people that were close to him.

The fastest way to level up was not to slay monster non-stop to gain experience, but to complete various quests. The experience he could gain from it was way more efficient, so before Fei left 【Rogue Encampment】, he went to Kashya, the military leader at the encampment.

From her, Fei received his second quest – 【Sister’s Burial Grounds】. Fei had to kill the【Blood Raven】 who lived there.

As the military leader at the encampment, Kashya had a lot of well-trained female rogues under her command. In the original game, when players completed the quest, they would gain the trust of this military leader and she would give them a rogue mercenary to fight alongside the players.

“Hehehe, I wonder if these female rogues are as pretty as the ones in the original game.” Fei’s EQ plummeted when he thought of girls. He tried to peek into the tents behind Kashya where the female rogues lived. Light crisp giggles came from the tents and it skyrocketed Fei’s curiosity.

However, the damn curtains on the tents blocked Fei’s view and he didn’t see a thing. Fei had to leave it behind and left 【Rogue Encampment】.

……

【Blood Raven】 was a traitor of the 【Rogue Encampment】 and a corrupted rogue. She lived in a Burial Ground on the 【Cold Plain】. She was not only a strong boss, but there were also a ton of monster that guarded her.

As Fei left the encampment and traveled through 【Blood Moor】, he killed numerous monsters. After around two hours of traveling, he finally entered the 【Cold Plain】 under the heavy rain.

At that moment, Fei had leveled up his barbarian character to level 7. Like a lot of the RPG(Role Playing Games), you needed more experience and time to level up as your level got higher. It took Fei less than three hours to go from level 0 to level 5, but it took more than two hours for him to level up to level 7 from level 5.

Just like its name, the 【Cold Plain】 was way colder than the 【Blood Moor】. It was like going from Brazil directly to the North Pole. The monsters were stronger, too. Except for the【Fallen Shaman】and 【Vampire】, which were the common monsters, there was a new type of monster – 【Corrupt Rogue】. They were basically rogues that had absorbed death energy from hell and turned evil. They used spears and swords to attacked Fei when they saw him appear at 【Cold Plain】. They rushed towards Fei in groups. When one died, it screamed and called for more 【Corrupt Rogues】 to show up.

There was no way that Fei could’ve avoided them, so he manned up and battled his way out of it.

After an hour, Fei had finally arrived at the Burial Ground where 【Blood Raven】 lived.

There was one hour left until he would reach his four hour time limit per day in the Diablo world. There was enough time for Fei to complete the quest before he would get kicked out of this world.

But before that, Fei checked his status and decided to do one thing – go back to the encampment to fix his weapons and armour, as well as purchase some potions.The battles at 【Cold Plain】 had worn out Fei’s items. The durability and effectiveness of his items decreased a lot. If he wanted to fight the boss of 【Cold Plain】【Blood Raven】 like that, he was better off poking a tiger’s ass with a stick; it would be an easier way to die.”

Fei opened his 【Item slot】 and used a 【Town Portal Scroll】. Fei stepped in as the bright blue oval portal appeared. After the buzz, Fei was teleported back to 【Rogue Encampment】.

From Fei’s memories of the original game, there was a woman called Charsi, a NPC blacksmith who sold and repaired weapons and armour.

Fei checked his mini-map and found Charsi a couple tents away. She was a young female who looked around eighteen years old. Although Charsi was pretty, she didn’t have the appearance of a delicate yet fragile female, probably because she was a blacksmith. She looked valiant, but didn’t seem happy. It seemed like there was something bothering her.

She wasn’t surprised about Fei’s arrival.

After Fei talked to her, his axe and armour were repaired at the cost of twenty gold coins. Fei also sold the items that he didn’t need from the monsters to Charsi. He found out that for the same items, he got more gold coins for them from Charsi than from Akara.

“That priestess is not a good egg!” Fei’s resentment towards Akara grew even greater. He swore that he was never going to sell his items to Akara again.

Charsi didn’t seem like she wanted to chat, so Fei thanked her politely and went back to 【Cold Plain】 to fight the boss 【Blood Raven】. There wasn’t much time left.

……

After fifty minutes.

“AHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA – !!”

A mournful female scream disturbed the quiet plains.

Fei was wounded all over his body. After the tense battle with 【Blood Raven】, one of the strongest evil rogues, she had finally died under Fei’s axe. Fei shamelessly dragged out the fight, he ran from the boss when his health was low and battled the boss after he used health potions. Although it was sneaky, there was no other way for Fei to win that fight; 【Blood Raven】 was too powerful.

After 【Blood Raven】 died, numerous lightning bolts came out of her body. It quickly occupied the whole Burial Ground as if it was the end of world.

However, Fei was not hurt by the lightning at all. It seemed like the lightning’s purpose was not to cause damage.

After a while, the lightning disappeared. A strange scene appeared – above the corpse of 【Blood Raven】, an illusory female figure, like an angel, raised up the sky. She looked like a female rogue.

“It must’ve be the poor soul of this rogue before she had fallen.” Fei thought. “My actions must have saved her.”

After a second of seriousness, he quickly checked out the corpse. Theoretically, after killing bosses like 【Blood Raven】, magic items would be rewarded.

Just as Fei expected, blue lights flickered under the corpse.

Last Chapter



* * *





Chapter 19




Chapter 19: 【Minor Healing Potion】

“Hahaha! I’m rich! Two magic items!”

Fei picked up the two items. Although he was expecting it, he was still extremely excited. As he was about to take a detailed look of the two items, the cold, mysterious voice appeared again –

“Approaching the time limit of the day, please prepare for exit!”

Finally!

However, this time the voice didn’t start the three second countdown right away; it gave Fei some time to get ready.

“I was waiting for you for a while!” Fei thought.

It was true that Fei was focused on killing the monsters, but he was also waiting for this voice to appear.

Fei was afraid that he would lose this opportunity, so he yelled to the sky, “Wait! Wait. I have something to ask you …… I want to exchange some 【Healing Potions】 and take them to my world. You know what I mean, right? Tell me, what do I have to pay as a price?”

At the same time, Fei was concentrating on trying to communicate with the mysterious voice inside his head.

However, the voice didn’t respond right away. Fei’s question was followed by a moment of complete silence. For Fei who was in need of an answer, these four seconds of silence felt like a decade.

Finally after the fifth second, the cold, mysterious voice spoke again –

“As you wish……【Minor Healing Potion】, the conversion price is 3,000 gold coins, with the conversion success rate of 25%. The gold coins will be deducted from the 【Item Slot】 of the gamer. If gold coins are not sufficient, items can be used as a substitute with 80% of their actual value. Please confirm the conversion, count down …… 10 ……8…….5……”

“Yes! Confirm …… convert 3 bottles of 【Minor Healing Potion】.” Fei was excited that it could be done.

“Diing – ! Insufficient gold coins, insufficient items, please restate the converting items or quantities……. Count down ……4……3……”

“Convert one……one bottle of 【Minor Healing Potion】!” Fei was anxious.

“Ding – ! Insufficient gold coins ……Sufficient items …… 25% conversion success rate calculating …… Conversion successful…… Maximum gaming time reached, exiting!”

“Ding-dong -! “

A clear sound entered Fei’s ear. Fei’s vision blurred as the world started twisting in his eyes, turning completely black within seconds.

……

……

“Huuuuuu-!”

Fei exhaled as he jumped off of his bed. He looked around and realized that he was back at the king’s palace. His ‘fiancée’ Angela was sitting on the side of the bed and stared at him with her blue, ocean-like eyes. Worry covered her pretty face.

“Alexander, you are finally awake!”

After Fei waking up, her worry disappeared. She was so happy that her voice was shaking, “You left shoulder was bleeding……Oh, did you just have a nightmare? Your body was shaking vigorously when you were asleep and you were sweating a lot…… I was worried that you……”

There wasn’t much logic in Angela’s sentences, but Fei felt the concern from the girl in front of him.

Her concern wasn’t because he was now the hero of Chambord. Neither was it similar to the respect and the care she showed towards Brook and the soldiers. It was a simple emotion from Angela’s heart. She didn’t care if Fei was the retard back then or a hero now. Angela, this angelic girl, would always care for him.

That concern and care caused a special feeling to well up inside Fei’s heart. Maybe this was directed only for the old Alexander, but Fei still had a great impression of Angela.

Although Fei liked pretty girls, it was typical for a male. Fei was actually very old school and was never promiscuous. However, Angela’s kindness had touched Fei.

Fei was fond of her. What girl could be so caring and nice to a man who she knew was a retard and would be her future husband? Why was Angela Alexander’s fiancée? Fei didn’t know, but that didn’t affect his decision at this point. He was going to marry her no matter what and give her the happiness she deserved.

“Relax Angela, I had recovered a long time ago.”

Fei smiled at Angela. He took off his armour and opened his shirt. The wound that Landes’ sword had left was almost completely healed; there was only a tiny red speck there indicating that an injury had taken place.

That was proof of Fei’s hypothesis –

After going to the Diablo world, any type of injury on his body will magically recover.

Angela blushed as she checked Fei’s ‘wounds’ in detail; noticing no problems, she was finally relieved. When Alexander was a retard, Angela subconsciously treated him as a little kid and didn’t have any other kinds of feelings for him. But now that ‘Alexander’ had suddenly become normal, she realized that she couldn’t keep her cool in front of him. Every time she thought about the identity of the man in front him, her fiancé, her heart began pounding really quickly.

Angela didn’t know that her blushing face had stunned Fei – he couldn’t look away. Neither of them said anything; it was completely quiet in the palace. The atmosphere was becoming more enchanting and mesmerizing.

“What a wonderful moment!” Fei thought pleasantly.

However, just as Fei was enjoying the mood, it was suddenly destroyed –

“Bang!”

The door to Fei’s room was pushed open. Emma rushed in.

Emma didn’t know that she had interrupted this special moment. Not noticing Fei’s ‘hateful’ stares, she yelled, “Alexander, how is your cure coming along? Uncle Pierce can’t hold any longer……”

“Shit!” Fei finally remembered his most urgent task. He looked around, and finally found the item that he had paid a lot for lying on his bed: 【Minor Healing Potion】.

Thank god that the magic potion that could save one from dying in the Diablo world was successfully converted into the real world.

Fei held the little bottle in his hand and carefully observed it. It was more like a glass jar about the size of an orange. The red liquid in it had a low viscosity, just like coke.

“This is too little, it’s probably not enough to cure Pierce and the two hundred wounded soldiers…….” Fei thought as he saw the quantity of the potion in the bottle.

“What should I do? Let me try the effect of this potion. If it’s as magical in this world as it’s in the Diablo world, maybe diluting the potion can save all their lives……”

“What are you waiting for, let’s go…….” Emma didn’t let Fei think too much. She tried to drag Fei to Pierce.

Angela finally calmed down and was about to follow them, but Fei turned around and said to her, “Angela, can you go and help me to prepare two pots of clean water? I will need it later.”

“Why do you need pots and clean water?” Emma was like curious baby, “I will help Angela with that. Alexander, you go and check out Uncle Pierce, he can’t hold on any longer.”

……

……

Fei arrived at the front half of the palace. Wounded soldiers filled the place and groaned non-stop. Luckily, most of them received great care and their spirits were better than when they were at the crowded healing facility.

Except for the doctors, some women were called to the palace to take care of all the wounded soldiers. King Alexander’s kindness had made it clear to all the people of Chambord that everyone had to be united and work together if they wanted to survive this dangerous ordeal.

“Your Majesty has arrived!” After seeing Fei arrive, someone yelled, causing Fei to become the center of attention right away.

What happened on the battlefield had quickly spread throughout Chambord castle. Many people had concluded that the retarded king was blessed by the god of war and became the saviour of Chambord. Therefore, Alexander naturally became the spokesman of the god of war and was respected and worshipped.

Everyone was excited and wanted to greet Fei. Someone even kneeled down and kissed Fei’s boots.

This scared Fei, “Damn! Hey hey hey …… chill.” Although Fei enjoyed showing off and being worshipped, this much enthusiasm and passion was too much for him.

After finally escaping from the crowd, he heard someone crying beside him.

Last Chapter



* * *





Chapter 20




Chapter 20: Oscar-Worthy Acting

Fei traced the source of the sound. At the corner on his right hand side, a thin, red-haired little girl was holding someone while crying.

Fei took a closer look. The person who the little girl was holding was the severely wounded Pierce.

The second commander of the king’s guards, Brook was beside them looking worried. He kept talking to the little girl to comfort her.

“Your Majesty!”

After seeing Fei, Brook was excited. He stood up and bowed, “Did you find a cure?”

He looked at Fei nervously; he was afraid that Fei would shake his head and say something disappointing. Pierce was at his limit, he could probably hold on another ten minutes, but that would be it.

Fei saw the humble Brook getting extremely nervous and decided to tease him a little. He didn’t respond to Brook’s question. Instead, he pointed at the red-haired little girl: “She is ……”

“Louise, she is Pierce’s daughter Louise.” Brook tried to hold his anxiety and introduced the little girl to Fei.

Fei nodded without saying anything.

“So this is the daughter that Pierce was worrying about when he was severely injured.” Fei thought.

Unlike Pierce, who was an insensitive tough guy, little Louise was very cute. With tears in her eyes, she could melt everyone’s heart. Her red hair was very noticeable too. It reminded Fei of Hermione from Harry Potter.

However, Fei felt that Louise wasn’t that very approachable as a kid. She was cold and seemed way too mature for a 12 year old girl.

“Are you the one that Uncle Brook said can save my father?”

Although Louise was crying, when she felt someone walking towards her, she looked up. There were still tears in her eyes, and Fei could tell that she was heartbroken. However, she said in a voice unfit for her age, “If you can save my father, I’m willing to be your lover forever.”

Fei was shocked. He didn’t know what to say.

“Da fuck? Are all the kids in this world that precocious? I ain’t no pedophile!” Fei thought to himself.

He didn’t want to talk to this kid anymore. It was more challenging for Fei to face her than one of the bosses in the Diablo World.

Fei sat down beside Pierce who relapsed into a heavy coma. He took out the 【Minor Healing Potion】 and carefully poured one drop of the potion into Pierce’s mouth.

Whether it would work or not was going to be tested at this moment.

Fei was nervous; Brook and Louise were even more nervous. All three of them stared at Pierce. Their hearts were pounding extremely quickly, hoping that it would work.

Time passed slowly. The silence was like poison; no one dared to breathe.

Eventually, Pierce who was struggling to breathe began inhaling and exhaling rapidly. His pale face was getting red and his wounds were recovering at a ridiculous speed visible to the human eyes.

Brook and Louise were shocked. Their jaws dropped subconsciously. Although they didn’t know what the red liquid was that King Alexander dropped into Pierce’s mouth, it was super effective. The healing power of the liquid was beyond their wildest dreams.

Unimaginable! Spectacular! Unheard of!

It was better than any healing spell from the High Priests of the Holy Church.

Brook and Louise looked at each other and then stared at Fei. They were almost sure that Fei was a living god.

Fei was shocked by the terrifying healing power of the 【Minor Healing Potion】 as well.

He wasn’t expecting that a single drop of the potion could be so effective. Obviously, if Pierce emptied the bottle, he could easily recovered 100% and fight another battle. However, the impact of that would be too shocking to everyone around, so Fei didn’t do it.

Fei observed Pierce’s condition. He found that after one drop of the potion, the wounds had all recovered and Pierce’s face wasn’t that pale anymore, but he was still unconscious.

“That’s probably the max healing one drop can do!” This gave Fei a rough measurement of the potion’s healing power, so he dropped another drop into Pierce’s mouth.

The effect was instant this time. As soon as the drop landed in Pierce’s mouth, Pierce woke up from the coma.

He groaned as he opened his eyes. He was confused when he saw the three of them standing in front of him; he shook his head as he tried to remember what had happened. He remembered that he was about to die, but somehow, the unbearable pain throughout his body stopped and he could breathe again……

“What happened? I……” After seeing Pierce speak, Brook was finally relieved.

Louise happily shouted as she jumped into the arms of Pierce. At this moment, the 12 year old girl felt secure and happy like never before. “Father, you’re alive! ……Thank god ……the king saved you!…….”

Louise couldn’t even finish speaking. She was so happy that she started sobbing.

It was a terrifying feeling for her to lose the only loved one she had left. It scarred her soul and she didn’t want to experience that ever again.

Pierce seemed to realize what had happened in his daughter’s sobs. The brave warrior didn’t say a word; he tightly hugged his daughter. After feeling the fear and excitement in his daughter’s face, a drop of the hero’s tear fell from his eyes……

Fei looked at this happy father and daughter family and smiled.

……

Fei quietly left; he didn’t want to interrupt the special moment the family was having. Two drops of the 【Minor Healing Potion】 brought Pierce back from the Grim Reaper’s hand. This gave Fei a better understanding of the effectiveness of the potion – similar to the effectiveness in the Diablo world.

This made Fei more confident in what he was about to do next.

“Alexander, the water and the pots are ready.” Emma yelled.

Angela and Emma each carried a pot of water and rushed over from the back half of the palace. Fei took the pots, one in each hand, and ordered Brook to get a table.

After placing the pots on the table, Fei kneeled before the table. Angela and the rest of the people didn’t know what was going on, so they stared with curiosity.

“Time to show off my acting skills!” Fei was laughing on the inside, but he appeared very serious.

He placed his palms together in front of his chest and closed his eyes. A strange, mysterious language flew out of Fei’s mouth that no one had heard of before. His expression was very serious, as if he was praying to a mysterious god.

Although no one understood what the king was talking about, his serious expression influenced the people around him. Angela dragged Emma to kneel down first and then Brook and the rest of the people in the palace all kneeled down as well.

Fei heard what was happening behind him. He took a peak behind him and had to force himself from laughing.

The act must go on.

He started his bullshit in English, “Deez nuts! I’m the handsome king and you are not! I used to call you on my cell phone. Why you always lying ~ Hehehe. None of you guys understand me. You don’t understand~ Shit…… I got to be serious!”

After repeating that for a couple time, Fei felt it was enough so he stood up.

All the people behind him stood up as well, confused……

“Tink – !”

Suddenly, Fei pulled out Brook’s sword from the scabbard and cut his palm.

Blood spurted out.

Fei reached his hand out and let the blood drip into both pots filled with clear water.

“Alexander, you……”

Angela yelled when she saw Fei’s action. She was worried.

Fei turned around and smiled at Angela to signal her that everything was under his control.

While everyone was staring at his bleeding hand and the two pots, Fei secretly blocked the vision of everyone behind him with his back and opened the bottle containing the 【Minor Healing Potion】. He dumped half of the bottle of potion into the two pots.

“Oh god of war! My brave warriors, you will all be saved. After my prayer, the god was willing to save us all. He has infused his power into my body. Anyone who drinks this blood water filled with the god’s power, and all injuries will be recovered……”

Fei bullshitted even more. He was not ashamed at all.

To prove his points, he put his bleeding hand into the water. After two seconds, when he pulled his hand out, the wound was recovered, with only a light red scar visible.

“Ah!!”

“What?!”

“My god!”

After witnessing the ‘miracle’, the crowd went crazy.

Last Chapter



* * *





Chapter 21




Chapter 21: Bullshit Continued

“God Bless!”

“Hail King Alexander!”

“Hail Chambord!”

Time seemed to rewind to the end of the battle under the sunset, with everyone in the palace cheering and yelling. Everyone understood the meaning of what they saw.

This unimaginable scene had shocked everyone like never before. “So the king can really communicate with the gods like in the rumors. Then that means the God of War is always blessing Chambord …… If it’s like this, the cruel enemies will never be able to siege Chambord Castle!” Everyone thought.

All a sudden, the worries and fears on everyone’s mind disappeared. As everyone cheered, Angela stood there quietly. This beautiful girl stared at the man in the middle of all people enjoying the resounding cheers and worship. She felt completely relieved. She didn’t know where this feeling came from, either from the blessing of the God of War or from the change in Alexander.

The atmosphere was spectacular, and even Emma who was hard on Fei was affected by it, jumping and cheering in the crowd as well.

The two pots of blood water mixed with the 【Minor Healing Potion】 were distributed to every wounded soldier’s hands under Brook’s order. Surprising laughs and cheers filled the palace. In just half an hour, many of the groaning soldiers couldn’t feel the pain anymore, and the lightly wounded could literally pick up their weapons to go back to battle again.

Light and hope were closest to the people of Chambord now since four days ago. All of this was because of King Alexander, who was blessed by the God of War. Everyone was looking at Fei with worship and respect.

……

……

The enemies didn’t attempt to attack at night; this let most of the soldiers get their precious first night’s rest in the past four days.

After healing all the wounded soldier by tricking them into drinking the 【Minor Healing Potion】, Fei let a couple of smart soldiers handle the rest of the situation. He went on a walk with the second commander of the King’s Guards Brook. They soon got on the defensive wall. The wall looked magnificent at night. Fei stood in the middle of the defensive wall and glanced around.

Chambord was surrounded by mountains on the left, right and back. As if this small castle was endorsed by the gods, all three sides of Chambord were protected by natural ‘defensive walls’. The sides of the three mountains that faced outward were steep and almost unclimbable; even a star ranked warrior would have a difficult time doing so.

What was special was that on the sides facing Chambord, the mountain was much flatter and rose more gradually. If climbing from Chambord castle towards the mountain, even little kids and elders were able to easily get to the top of the mountains. This strange terrain made Chambord very easy to defend and difficult to siege. It looked like the work of a god.

With the mountains surrounding the castle, the only artificial structure was the defensive wall. The gate was facing the Zuli moat. The wall was almost half a mile long (600m), and it closed the only gap left open by the mountains. The bottom of the defensive wall was 15 yards (15m) thick and the top was 12 yards (12m) thick; it was firm and massive. You could literally run four cars on top of it.

What was also special was that the defensive wall wasn’t straight; it was designed to be slightly concave. This eliminated most of the blind spots and allowed every soldier to see what was happening on and under any part of the wall.

A third of a mile (450m) from the defence wall was the Zuli River. It was acting naturally as the moat of the castle. The torrents roared as the water flowed. The mile (1,400 m) wide river was frequently covered with mist. The river was extremely deep, so it was impossible for soldiers to get across the river without a boat or ship unless they were super powerful warriors and had the ability to fly. Everyone who wanted to swim over would be ‘eaten’ instantly by the current.

There was a half natural, half artificial stone bridge that linked the two sides.

According to Brook, no one knew where that stone bridge came from. Even the oldest person in Chambord didn’t know who built the bridge. It had a long history and was very cryptic.

Fei observed it carefully. The stone bridge was held up by nine huge natural piers.

Observing from far, these nine piers were like inverted mountains being plugged into the water; they were really astonishing. It was impossible to have made those piers artificially. They looked more like a god had cut off the peaks of mountains far away and threw them into the river.

This stone bridge was another terrain advantage to Chambord.

It was convenient for the people of Chambord to travel out of the castle during peaceful times, and the thin bridge made it very difficult for enemies to transport huge siege machines near the defensive wall during war times.

“The terrains are extremely advantageous! No wonder Chambord was able to defend against two thousands well trained enemies for four days with less than eight hundred soldiers…… This castle is literally a natural war fortress!”

After Fei’s observations, he understood Chambord’s terrains. Although he was no military genius, he was still surprised by that he saw. At the same time, he was also perplexed.

The wealth and labour of the current Chambord kingdom could never pull off such huge construction, unless Chambord was once glorious and powerful or this castle had a long history behind it.

Everything didn’t seem that simple. However, Fei didn’t recall any history about the castle. The memories and knowledge of the old Alexander didn’t leave Fei with much useful information.

“Brook, people called me a retard before, right?” As if Fei suddenly remembered something, he asked Brook peacefully.

Brook’s thoughts lagged. He didn’t know how to reply to such a direct question from the king.

The old Alexander was a retard that had the intelligence of a three years old; he couldn’t even survive on his own. Under the instigation of his ‘friends’, he had harmed Chambord a great deal. Even though he was the king, no one liked him. Only due to his status as a king bestowed upon him by his parents, the previous king and queen, was he was not abandoned by his people.

Even Brook himself didn’t have any respect for the old Alexander. He showed a little disdain towards him. However, after witnessing Fei’s battle on the defensive wall and his godlike actions that saved the wounded soldiers, who would dare treat the man who was blessed by the God of War like a retard?

Brook had completely changed his view on the king. There was no question about it, the man in front of him deserved his loyalty and respect.

“When I was shot by an arrow yesterday morning, my head hit a rock. Maybe I was blessed by the God of War. Many things appeared in my head and my mind got clear……”

As if Fei was talking to himself, he spoke slowly while touching the moss on a battlement.

“You know? That collision made me feel like I’ve suddenly grown up. For many things that I didn’t understand back then, I can understand them now completely…… Hehehe, now I know that I truly was a retard that everyone hated…… Brook, can you tell me all the horrible things I did before?”

While listening to Fei’s ‘monologue’, almost all the doubt and uncertainty on Brook’s mind disappeared, “So the arrow yesterday had coincidentally knocked the king back to normal……When the old king was still alive, there was a prophecy that Alexander was retarded because he was cursed by god……It looks like the curse had finally been reversed by the god.”

Fei laughed in his head as he observed Brook’s expression.

Fei continued, “When I was brought back to the palace, I felt a mysterious power flowing in my body. When I woke up, I had unimaginable strength. I was able to learn anything quickly and I was able to control my strength……and I was able to use the battle techniques naturally as if they were born within me.”

After listening to this, the last bit of uncertainty disappeared from Brook’s mind.

The young king’s monstrous strength and devastating axe techniques were things that Brook and all the soldiers couldn’t wrap their heads around. But now, it all seemed as if it were the decree of the God of War.

There was no other way to explain the battle that occurred this afternoon and the blood that saved all wounded soldiers……Only divine intervention.

Fei was observing Brook’s expression closely. When he saw the sudden realization on Brook’s face, he knew that his bullshit worked as he had planned.

Last Chapter



* * *





Chapter 22




Happy april fools homies! here’s our new book cover for HTK

Chapter 22: The Azeroth Continent

On this Azeroth Continent, everyone believed in gods and extreme power. Because there were many wars, the God of War was the one that had the most believers and followers. Therefore, while tying all the loose ends to the God of War seemed ridiculous, it was the most reasonable and impeccable excuse.

Fei needed an excuse to explain what had happened to Alexander. Now he had one. He knew that in a short while, what he had said tonight would be spread around Chambord by the forthright man behind him. He didn’t need to explain himself to everyone again.

Sometimes, hearsay is more trusted by others than what you say personally.

Fei planned his explanation perfectly. He purposely linked himself with the God of War that most people believed in. What Fei’s experience on Earth taught him was that beliefs and religions which caused disputes and wars, if used properly, could be tremendously helpful.

“I can’t recall clearly anything that happened before yesterday……Brook, tell me about Chambord and the kingdom.” Fei spoke causally, appearing to not care very much; he was trying to trick Brook into telling him more about the castle.

“It is my honour, your majesty. The scope of your kingdom is only Chambord Castle. According to the categorization method on Azeroth Continent, Chambord is not a separate empire, but an affiliated kingdom of an empire. The total population of the kingdom is less than 10,000, and the official military is the King’s Guards, which only has 400 soldiers…….” Brook tried hard to explain what he knew clearly.

“Affiliated Kingdom?” Fei had a bad feeling about it

Sure though –

“Yes, your majesty. Chambord’s parent empire is Zenit Empire. It has 250 affiliated kingdoms and all the kingdoms are divided into 6 levels. Chambord is at the 6th level, which is the lowest among all affiliated kingdoms. There are 68 other 6th level kingdoms under Zenit Empire’s dictatorship……”

Fei didn’t know what to say; he felt like crying.

“So this is the truth……My kingdom is this small? I thought being a king was awesome……My total territory is only this Chambord Castle, and the population is less than a small city on Earth…… Am I inferior to a mayor?”

For the first time, Fei felt like reality was not as sweet as he had expected. He thought about it for a while and asked hopefully, “Brook, according to this, our parent empire, Zenit must be one of the most powerful empires on this continent, right?”

Brook’s expression was weird.

After hesitating for a moment, this straightforward man told Fei what he knew, “Azeroth Continent is gigantic. According to legends, even the gods can’t travel through the whole continent. There are numerous empires on the continent, and these empires are ranked by their strength, from level one to level nine. Level one empires are the weakest and level nine empires are at the peak of the pyramid. However, Zenit Empire is only one of the thousands of weak level one empires on the continent……”

Fei’s heart sunk – he felt hopeless. He never imaged that Chambord’s status was that low on Azeroth continent. A king’s status was too cheap. Royalties in this world were more common than university degrees on Earth.

According to Brook, with only a couple acres of land and a couple hundred people, anyone could become a king. These kings were just like large groups of ‘bandits’.

“WTF, so after all, I’m just a leader of a big group of bandits? And a very weak one too?”

Fei’s hopes were crushed. As a king, he thought he owned everything in this world, but he was only dreaming.

After a moment of silence, Fei asked again, “So…… how are the relationships between the empires on the continent? ……I mean there aren’t a lot of wars, right?”

“Wars are most common on Azeroth Continent……” As if Brook was addicted to ‘objecting’ Fei, he said sadly, “Everyone is born during wartime and dies during the wars…… Both of my parents and family were killing during wars. People die every second on this continent.”

Fei was shocked.

“Holy shit! Then does that mean my kingdom could be crushed any second by the super powerful empires? When wars come, an individual’s power is limited by the battles that involve millions of soldiers.”

“Why don’t we ask for help from our parent empire? Zenit Empire has a duty of protecting their affiliated kingdoms, right?”

Brook’s answer this time didn’t disappoint Fei –

“If they knew our situation, Zenit Empire would send their armies and star ranked warriors to help us. The problem is ……” Brook pointed at the enemies’ camps on the other side of the Zuli moat and said helplessly, “They locked down the only path that Chambord can use to communicate with the outside world, so we couldn’t get our message to the parent empire out there.”

“So that’s how it is.” Fei quickly understood the structure and key to survival in this chaotic continent from Brook’s words.

There was no doubt that Azeroth Continent was huge. It was larger than any continent on Earth – even larger than all the continents on Earth combined. What was worse was that the empires on the continent fought against each other all the time; war was the main theme.

Fei felt the pressure of survival crushing him. However, Fei had caught the main point of Brook’s answer.

There were laws during peaceful times, and there were also survival rules during times of war. From Brook’s unclear answer, Fei felt like after hundreds of years of war, Azeroth Continent had formed an interesting pyramid system. In this system, survival of small kingdoms was possible as long as they attach themselves to the large empires.

A gust of wind had brought mist from the Zuli moat onto the defensive wall. The atmosphere was a little depressing.

Fei decided not to think too much about the future. His thoughts went back to Chambord Castle, “Brook, tell me more about Chambord, such as other noble families and influential people. As a king, I don’t even know my own kingdom.”

Fei was going to get all the information he could out of Brook.

Brook thought about it and said, “Other than your Majesty, the most powerful person at Chambord would be the Head Minister Mr. Bazzer. Because you were……” Brook scratched his head. He didn’t know how to describe the retarded actions of the old Alexander. He hesitated for a while and decided not to mention that. He continued, “For the last three years, Mr. Bazzer was running the kingdom on your behalf. Except for the military that was under Mr. Lampard’s control, Mr. Bazzer decided everything else for Chambord……”

“Head Minister Bazzer?” Remembering something, Fei asked, “He has a fat, pig-like son called Gill, right?”

“Yes, your Majesty. Gill was your closest friend!”

“That douchebag is my closest friend?” Fei sneered in his mind, “Bazzer, Gill. They are all bad eggs. One controlled the Kingdom and the other accompanied me all the time to insist me to do bad stuff.”

“Continue. Except for Bazzer, is there anyone else that is influential?” Fei asked. He was definitely going to punish the father and son duo.

“Except Head Minister Bazzer, Military Judge Conca and Warden Oleg are all powerful figures at Chambord. The former First Commander of King’s Guards, Mr. Peter-Cech was one of them too, but half a month ago, Head Minister Bazzer had discovered a lot of evidence revealing Mr. Cech’s intention of treason and jailed him.” Fei nodded.

He found something very interesting – Brook dared to call one of the most powerful people in Chambord, Bazzer directly by his name, but he was very respectful towards the former First Commander of King’s Guards Peter-Cech, who was accused of treason……Didn’t that point out some problems?”

Although Chambord was a small kingdom, Fei felt there were a lot of conflicts and ‘undercurrents’.

Last Chapter



* * *





Chapter 23




Chapter 23: He is a beast

“Anyone else?”

“Except for the people I mentioned, your majesty’s butler Bast, who is your future father-in-law and Angela’s father, is pretty influential too……But before the enemies attacked, Bast had left the Castle with a ton of riches and nobody knows where he went.”

“Angela’s father?” Fei was surprised, “Angela’s father is still alive? No wonder why I’ve never seen him, He left before the enemies came, and he even took a lot of riches……Does that count of fleeing?”

However, Fei’s initial reaction was not anger; he felt sad for Angela. The pretty and kind girl was abandoned by her father at the most important time.

“She must be covering up her feelings every day.” He was suddenly worried about Angela.

……

The cold breeze blew through Chambord. On the other side of the river, the enemies’ torches burned brightly in the night. Looking at them from far, they were like stars in the night sky. Fei continued talking to Brook on the defensive wall. He now had a pretty good idea about the internal power groups in Chambord.

From Brook’s description, even though Chambord was only a tiny kingdom on Azeroth Continent, the complex political artifices and infighting between the internal power groups were just as much those between the super powerful empires……Fei felt that he was facing something really interesting.

“I feel like I didn’t see Bazzer, Conca or Oleg in the battle today. Don’t they all need to participate?” Fei thought of something and asked.

“Mr. Bazzer had actually came to the battle once; it was the time when your majesty fell off of the defensive wall……Military Judge Conca was wounded on the first day of battle, and he has been recovering in his home ever since. Oleg is a warden; although I asked him to engage in battle, he felt his priority was to guard the jail, so he doesn’t have any duty to be on the battlefield!”

“Doesn’t have the duty, Huh? Hehe, ok……” Fei sneered, “Then…….How are their strengths? I mean their personal strengths……”

“Bazzer is just an ordinary person. He doesn’t have any magic, nor does he have any combat techniques. Both Conca and Oleg are one star warriors……but the most powerful person in Chambord is Sir Lampard! With the rank of a three star warrior, he is one of the top Guardians (Guardians are powerful people that protect a kingdom or an empire) in the kingdoms around us!”

Brook’s was definitely proud when he talked about Lampard.

“I remember that Bazzer’s son Gill is a mage, right?” Fei suddenly had a ‘bad’ idea. He laughed, “Pass on my order, call up mage Gill onto the defensive wall to protect the Chambord Kingdom.”

“Your majesty, Gill is not a ranked star mage yet. He is only a low rank novice mage……Of course, a novice mage would definitely be a lot help in battle……” Brook bowed as he answered, “As you wish, your majesty. I will send someone to call up Gill right away.”

Obviously, Brook agreed with this command 100%.

“Eh, that’s enough for tonight.” Fei pretty much got all the information he wanted. He smiled as he tapped Brook on the shoulder, “After organizing the soldiers into shifts for night watch, go and get some rest. I will help with the night watch tonight.”

“Your majesty, you can’t! It’s my duty to……” Brook was surprised.

Fei smiled and waved to cut him off, “Commander Brook, I heard from the soldiers that you haven’t slept in two days. That’s not good. There are more cruel battle awaiting us tomorrow…… Ok, Brook. I need you to get some sleep. I will need you to kill more enemies in tomorrow’s battle……This is king’s command, you must follow it! Now go!”

Brook was stunned. The next second, this tough man half-kneeled, propping his double-handed sword in front of his chest. He swore seriously, Your Majesty Alexander, my honourable king. One star warrior Goethe-Brook pledges allegiance!”

……

After Brook left, Fei made up an excuse and sent away the soldiers that were following him.

He walked around and observed in detail the structures and defense mechanisms on the wall. He appeased the soldier on the night watch and walked into the watchtower at the middle of the defensive wall.

This watchtower was a two-story building made of wood and stones. Before the war erupted, this watchtower was well decorated. It served as a resting place for the soldiers that exchanged shifts on the wall. However, the battles in the previous couple days had virtually destroyed this building. It only had four partially demolished walls. Without a ceiling, the starlight shined though.

Fei picked a spot that could see the area under the defensive wall so he could react if the enemies did something. He sat down and started his night watch.

A couple other soldier stood outside of the watchtower, guarding the king.

“This is not a good situation. Although we defeated their siege today, this won’t happen every day. This enemies have great equipment and are well trained. Moreover, we are outnumbered. If this continues, Chambord can’t escape the fate of being conquered. There must be another way!” Fei was thinking hard.

But after a ton of thinking, not a single good idea came to mind. He was only a university student on Earth, after all. He was no assassin nor military commander. Thinking of an idea that could save the Chambord Castle was not an easy task.

“Looks like I have to improve my strength first. I’ll have to deal with the rest later.”

Fei gave up on thinking. He made up his mind as he closed his eyes and tried to communicate with the mysterious voice inside his head. He wanted to enter the Diablo world to ‘level up’ and increase his strength.

However –

“Insufficient mental strength restored. Cannot enter the Diablo world, please try again later.”

That cold, mysterious voice gave Fei a response quickly.

This disappointed Fei. He meditated for a while patiently and tried again, but the answer was the same. After trying over ten time, he still couldn’t get into the Diablo world. It was the same response, “Insufficient mental strength restored……”

Fei kept on trying, but fatigue caught up to him and he unwittingly fell asleep.

……

……

On the south side of the Zuli river. In the base of the mysterious, unsourced enemies.

Right in the middle of the camp was a black tent, visibly bigger and more magnificent than the tents around it. Under the flickering light of the torches surrounding it, the tent looked like a horrifying monster hidden in the dark, ready to attack at any moment.

However, it was warm and bright inside the tent.

The silver masked knight that appeared on the battlefield was sitting on a big chair. The chair covered by a huge black fur of an unknown animal. The silver masked knight was relaxed; one hand was keeping up his chin while the other was holding an almost transparent jade cup, swirling red wine inside of it.

Nineteen black warriors stood in two rows on both of his sides. On the left side of the tent, a mysterious man covered under a black cloak sat beside the table. The wand beside him had exposed his identity – a mage.

There was a strange force field surrounding this mysterious man; it made the man very blurry and no one could see his face. Although it was warm in the tent, everyone felt a chill in their bones when they looked at him.

The three star warrior Landes who was severely wounded by Fei was kneeling down in front of the silver masked knight.

“Crackle, crackle – !”

It was the sound of charcoal bursting under the fire. It was the only sound in the tent; it made the atmosphere very strange.

Finally, the silver masked knight raised his head. He looked at Landes and asked calmly, “Landes, tell me what happened on the defensive wall today. I’m curious how you were this badly injured as a three star warrior.”

As Landes kneeled on the red carpet in the middle of the tent, shame covered his face.

What was surprising was that under the silver masked knight’s question, the powerful three star warrior Landes seemed very scared, telling the silver masked man everything he experienced in detail.

The man was listening indifferently. He was focused on the jade cup in his hand the whole time, as if there was something that was attracting his attention.

After Landes finished, the silver masked man stop swirling the cup. He said softly, “Interesting. Hehe…… Landes, take a seat!”

Landes felt like he was acquitted of a death penalty. He let out a sigh of relief. He stood up and said, “Thank you, master. I have one more thing to report. When I was fighting the three star warrior of the Chambord Castle, I found something interesting.”

“Go ahead!”

“Master, I found that the three star warrior seemed injured. His water energy wasn’t able to move inside his body fluently. From my prediction, he probably had an internal injury from some time ago and didn’t recover……In the next, I’m confident that I can chop his head off and donate his skull into master’s collection!”

Landes was hyped. However, that didn’t intrigue the silver masked knight at all.

The knight wasn’t interest in the most powerful person in Chambord. Seeming unintentional, he asked, “Landes, what’s your opinion on the heavy armoured ‘bull’ that appeared on the battlefield earlier today?”

Last Chapter



* * *





Chapter 24




Chapter 24: Two Complete Opposite Commands

“Him?”

The question took Landes by surprise. Those beast-like eyes appeared in his mind instantly. The eyes behind the helmet……made him shiver a little.

“That man has the strength of a one star warrior. What was strange was that he didn’t have any energy, as if he was born with that strength…..” Landes said as he was trying to recall what had happened. “And also, he felt like a growing vicious beast, born to battle and kill.”

“A beast?” The silver masked knight put down the cup and finally looked at Landes. He laughed, “That’s an interesting metaphor……Landes, what if I capture this ‘beast’ and send him to the Empire Colosseum. Wouldn’t that be even more interesting?”

“Colosseum? That’s a great idea, master……” Landes said flatteringly, “If that crazy bastard goes to the Empire Colosseum, he will be the greatest gladiator. There will be a ton of people willing to pay a high price for him!”

On Azeroth Continent, empire colosseums were the places that nobles wanted to go to.

There was cruel and bloody entertainment going on daily. Strong slaves who were trained to kill were forced to engage in deadly fights with all kinds of weird beasts and dangerous monsters all for the entertainment of the nobles.

These kinds of bloody fights had become a custom in Azeroth Continent. They were initially the sacrificial ceremonies to the God of War, but it had devolved into something purely for the thrill of the nobles. As they crazed for it more and more, the colosseums became an enormous profit chain. Numerous empires were involved in it, and it could also increase the growth in the gambling industry. Many people became super rich from it while others lost everything they owned.

What was worth mentioning was that being candidates for gladiators had a strict restriction; only slaves and the poor who didn’t have a ranked title were able to become gladiators. People who were ranked warriors and mages couldn’t appear in the colosseums. The Warrior Union and the Mage Union believed that it was an insult to the unions if a warrior or mage was put into the colosseums.

Of course, it wasn’t this way when it started. Many nobles from the super powerful empires didn’t follow this rule. There was a time when a ton of warriors and mages were forced to fight in the colosseums. This behaviour had infuriated the most powerful people on the Azeroth Continent. Five hundred years ago, many powerful people came together under the call of the Sun ranked warrior Beckenbauer and the Sun raked mage Bailey. Together, they passed the [Declaration of Honour] and wiped out 241 empires and 10,000 colosseums. After that case, there wasn’t a single colosseum or empire that dared to go against the Declaration.

Under the Declaration, a great gladiator was hard to find. People like Fei who had the strength of a one star warrior but didn’t have any energy were treasures in the eyes of people like the silver masked knight. If they operated everything properly, they could profit greatly. They could even network with nobles from higher empires.

“[One], after the night clears, take [Sixteen], [Seventeen] and [Eighteen] and command Chambord to surrender. Tell that retarded king of theirs that if they are willing to surrender, the king and the minister can be spared, and the citizens will not be killed and only be slaves ……If not, when we conquer their kingdom, we will kill everyone we see for three days and wash their castle with blood!” The silver masked knight said coldly.

As he finished speaking, a white, chilly energy appeared in his hand, freezing the jade cup and the wine into a nice ice sculpture.

“Yes, master!” The black knight named [One] standing to the right inside the tent stepped up and bowed.

“Eh, make sure that you convey this message to that retarded king in front of all of his soldiers.” The silver masked knight had a playful smile on his face. He exhorted as he threw the cup to the side.

“Yes, master!”

[One] bowed with [Sixteen], [Seventeen] and [Eighteen], and then they left the tent.

“[Two], [Three], [Four], [Five], [Six]. All five of you prepare your soldiers. When Chambord opens their gate and surrenders, rush in with your soldiers and kill everyone except that Angela and the ‘Beast’.

The silver masked knight continued issuing commands. His second command was completely different from the first. The five black knights stepped up and bowed to obey the order. However, they were surprised. [One] was going to grant Chambord a path to survival, but the silver masked knight had set such a cold order so quickly; he was trying to trick Chambord all along.

“Time is tight. According to our plan, Chambord Castle must be conquered as soon as possible. If this continues, I’m afraid that Zenit Empire will know what’s going on. We have to do this……” As if the silver masked knight felt doubt in his subordinates’ minds, he explained himself. After that, he turned around and said to Landes, “Landes, I hope you can do what you promised; bring me the head of that three star warrior!”

“As you wish, my master!” Landes was very confident.

“The rest of you can wait for my order……Ok, now go prepare yourselves. When the sun rises, we will take action!”

All the knights bowed and were ready to leave the tent…… But at this moment-

“Wait!”

The quiet, mysterious mage suddenly interrupted them.

The man covered his face under his cloak. He nodded towards the silver masked knight as a salute. His voice was hoarse, as if someone was dragging a dull blade on a rough stone. The high pitched voice sounded horrible, “Your highness, I sense that there is a powerful mage in Chambord Castle. Your plan might be interfered with.”

“A mage?” The silver masked knight’s face expression changed. A mage could greatly interfere a battle easily. He asked, “Teacher, can you tell what rank this mage is?”

“This mage is hiding pretty deep; I feel he is trying to hide from something. I only sensed him moments ago……Eh, he is around three stars!”

“Three stars?” The silver masked knight was a little relaxed. “If it’s only a three star mage, the threat isn’t that great, but I still hope teacher can help me tomorrow when it’s appropriate and eliminate this problem!”

“Eh.” The man in cloak nodded: “I would, but even if it’s only a three star mage, the damage could be pretty significant. Tell your army to stay away in case of accidental injuries.”

After hearing the mysterious mage accept his request, the silver masked knight was relieved. He smiled, “Alright teacher. You can do anything you want, just don’t damage the exterior and the defensive wall of Chambord.”

The mysterious mage nodded again. He returned to silence as the cold chilling energy surrounded him once again.

……

……

The cold breeze was chilling to the bones. Fei shivered as he opened his eyes.

“Oh shit! I was on the night watch……Cough, Cough. I fell asleep? The enemies didn’t attack, did they?” He was a little scared.

As he was thinking, he smelled a faint fragrance. He turned around and was surprised to find out that the beautiful Angela was sitting beside him. However, she was asleep and lying against a cold stone wall.

As if the girl felt cold in her dream, she held her knees tightly while curling her back. The crystal dew had wet the tip of her hair. She smiled as if she was having a sweet dream. Under the starlight, her fine, white face gave Fei the impression of a flower fairy.

Fei slightly moved his body. He then discovered that his body was covered by a thick velvet blanket. Angela was obviously worried and brought it to him at midnight.

Feeling the warmth from the blanket, Fei’s heart was warmed as well. For some reason, the beautiful, kind girl in front of him reminded him of his first love – innocent, pure and warm……Everything was beautiful.

Last Chapter





* * *





Chapter 27




Chapter 27: What the fuck are you?

“See? He’s awake now!” Fei sneered at Bazzer who was literally about to explode. He then said to Brook, “Let him loose; have two soldiers protect him. I need Mage Gill to do what a mage is supposed to do on the battlefield!”

Bazzer gave a murderous glare at Fei, then quickly restrained himself.

At this moment, Fei felt a chill, as if there was a hideous monster hiding in the dark, ready to eat him alive……

He looked around but didn’t find anything.

“Was it only my imagination?” Fei thought to himself.

Brook who was standing beside Fei didn’t feel anything. He obeyed the king’s command; he waved his hand and two soldiers carried the half-dead Gill inside the watchtower on the defensive wall. Although that was the place where the battle would be the most dangerous, a mage’s effectiveness would be maximized there as well.

The fatty Gill had learned his lesson; he was scared of Fei now. He didn’t dare resist, and instead stared at his father Bazzer, hoping he could do something.

The Head Minister was about to say something, but another arrogant voice sounded –

“Hey! How dare you two lay your filthy hands on Young Master Gill!” Following the voice, a tough figure rushed through the crowd.

The arrogant man kicked the two soldiers who were carrying Gill away aggressively, then quickly picked Gill up gently and sucked up to him as if he was their loyal dog.

He turned around and started yelling at the lightly wounded soldiers around him, “Why are you guys standing there?! Are you guys blind? Go find a good stretcher and take Young Master Gill to rest……Shit, these injuries are so severe…… Who the fuck did it? Come out!”

After hearing his question, Fei decided to make fun of this man. He stepped up proclaimed, “I did it.”

The atmosphere on the defensive wall became silent all of a sudden. Deathly silence – no one spoke a word.

This man sensed that something was wrong. In his arms, Gill was trembling uncontrollably. It wasn’t because Gill was excited to see him, but because Gill was scared to death. This fatty trembled as he turned his head to look at Fei; he was scared of the deadly slaps. He had experienced it twice, and he never wanted to experience it a third time.

Fei didn’t even look at Gill; he was observing this arrogant man. He was 6 feet tall and had messy blonde hair, which gave him a vicious look. A long, scary looking scar went from his forehead to his chin and an eyepatch covered his right eye; he looked just like ‘Cyclops’. He looked very manly in his shiny armour, but the expression on his face revealed his ugliness.

Brook whispered into Fei’s ear, “He is the Military Judge, Conca.”

Fei nodded. At this moment-

“Oh, it’s King Alexander. Ha, what should I say? Why are you here making a mess on the defensive wall? You should be staying at the palace. Let Gill go quickly, this is no joke!”

After seeing Fei step up, Conca wasn’t nervous at all. He walked towards Fei and unwillingly bowed as he spoke. He didn’t give a damn about the king.

This military judge had excused himself from the battle on day one and had hid ever since. He had no clue what happened yesterday, and didn’t see the scene where Fei slapped Gill vigorously earlier. He thought Fei was still the retarded king who had the intelligence of a three year old.

“Dumbass!” Bazzer swore in his mind, he knew things were about to get worse. He bent his back slightly and started coughing intentionally.

But, the military judge thought he meant something else. Like a dog who got the appraisal from its master, after hearing Bazzer cough, Conca became more arrogant. He blocked Fei and started ordering soldiers around, “You bunch of dirty bugs! You should all die on the battlefield! Go now and find a stretcher! Remember, bring all the doctors in Chambord to Mr. Bazzer’s mansion and heal Young Master Gill!”

“All the doctors are taking care of the wounded soldiers now. They don’t have time……” Someone responded.

“Those dirty low lives, let them all die! They are no comparison to Young Master Gill. Quick, quick, quick! Do what I said!” Conca didn’t care at all.

But……

No one listened to him this time.

“Shit!” Bazzer thought again, but he didn’t know how to wrap this situation up now.

After seeing that no one responded to his commands, Conca felt his prestige being challenged. He was mad, “You lowly slave! Dumb dirty bugs! Why are you guys still standing here? Aren’t you guys afraid of the military laws?”

“Aren’t you afraid of the military laws?” Someone asked him from behind.

“Me? Hahahahaha, military laws? I make the military laws! At Chambord, anything I say is a military law!” Conca who was enraged answered subconsciously.

However, he felt something was wrong right after he said it. He turned around and realized that the person who had asked the question was the ‘retarded’ King Alexander. He only worried for a little bit, then he felt relieved.

“What does a retard know? I can say whatever I want, just like always. Hahaha, what could he do?” Conca thought.

But-

“You reckless idiot!” An impatient sneer came from Fei.

Not even in Conca’s wildest dreams would he imagine that the ‘retarded’ king would kick him on his back. An unstoppable force came from his behind and he flew forward uncontrollably.

“Ho……How?!”

Conca smashed into the defensive wall. Blood spurted out his mouth like a fountain. He was shocked; how was a retarded king able to kick him, a peak one star, almost two star warrior away like a sandbag?

“Did I miss something?”

Conca looked at Head Minister Bazzer as he was spurting blood, but he was surprised to find that the former ‘acting’ ruler of Chambord was standing aside quietly, not daring to say anything.

Conca had a history of being a mercenary. He may have looked tough and reckless, but he was a smart and tricky character. He moved to Chambord Kingdom two years ago; because of his one star warrior strength, Bazzer appreciated him and tried relentlessly to get him the position of Military Judge to keep him as a henchman. Conca didn’t observe anything carefully so he missed a lot of key hints earlier. After he got kicked, he had finally realized that something was wrong; that retarded King Alexander……had changed!

Conca started thinking fast. He knew that he was in a big trouble. It looked like the retarded King Alexander was back in power again.

After he thought about it, he instantly understood the situation. He didn’t even have time to care about his injuries. He flipped around and kneeled in front of Fei and started his act. He slapped himself and begged for mercy, “Please forgive me, Your Majesty! I……I was drunk……I don’t know what I did…….Please forgive me!”

The image of a 6 feet tall man kneeling on the ground and begging for mercy grossed everyone out.

“Please forgive me, Your Majesty! I’m sorry, I was drunk, please forgive me!” Conca didn’t mind the soldiers’ disdain. He kept slapping himself and begging for mercy.

“You are sorry?” Fei sneered, “You are right! You should be sorry! You deserve to die!”

Fei walked to the two soldiers who were kicked by Conca. He picked them up and brushed the dirt and dust off of them. He then brought the two clueless soldiers in front of Conca, who was still kneeling and begging.

“Military Judge Conca, open your eyes! Are they the dirty bugs you were talking about? Open your fucking eyes and take a good look! Which of them aren’t wounded? Which of them didn’t bleed in battle? When they were defending the kingdom for four days straight without sleep, where were you? The Military Judge was the one who was supposed be here in the frontline, but what were you doing?”

The thunder-like roars horrified Conca, who kneeled even more. However, the soldiers on the defensive wall were pumped by what Fei said.

Some soldiers were shivering due to excitement; tears filled their eyes. What the king said spoke to their hearts.

“Dirty bugs? No! In my eyes, they are the cleanest people in Chambord. Blood stains and dirt? So what, that is a man’s true honour! Those things will never cover up my warriors’ pure souls……But you… you are the complete opposite. Although you’re dressed in shiny and bright armour, they will never cover up your dirty, disgusting soul! If you call them dirty bugs, then what the fuck are you?!”

Last Chapter



* * *





Chapter 28




Chapter 28: One Strike! Again!

The king’s roar was like a million arrows that penetrated everyone’s heart. Many veterans lowered their heads to cover their eyes, but their shivering bodies revealed their feelings. Many rookies couldn’t hold back their tears and started crying, partially because they had been wronged, and partially because they were happy.

Standing far away, Pierce, Brook, and Lampard were all pumped by the king’s ‘speech’, and they felt that something was about to burst out of their chests.

On the other hand, Conca was scared to death. He kneeled there and even forgot to slap himself. Because he was so ashamed, he was trying to think of something that would reduce the king’s rage.

“If you are the military law at Chambord, then what the fuck am I?!” Fei roared again and kicked Conca to the ground. He turned around and asked Brook, “Commander Brook, tell me. As a Military Judge, escaping from battles, offending the king and ignoring Chambord’s military law… What’s the punishment for all these crimes?”

“It shall be treated as treason and the death penalty shall be the punishment!” Brook answered honestly.

Fei looked at Conca who was struggling to get up and asked coldly, “Did you hear that? Anything you want to say?”

Now Conca started to panic. Really panic.

Although he had the strength of a peak one star warrior and was not scared of Brook and the soldiers, the number one warrior of Chambord, Lampard was standing there. Like a gigantic mountain hovering over him, Lampard gave him a ton of pressure. If Alexander really wanted him killed, Lampard could cut his head off in an instant.

“Please forgive me! Your Majesty, I’ll never do it again!” Conca crawled under Fei and held onto one of Fei’s legs. He cried as he begged for mercy; his arrogant and aggressive attitude had completely disappeared.

“You want me to forgive you? Ask them, see if they agree.” Fei pointed at the soldiers on the defensive wall.

No one responded, but the hateful and angry stares that targeted Conca had answered that question. Conca never imagined that one day, he would have to beg the soldiers he deemed dirty and low to save his life. After thinking about the things he did in Chambord for the last couple of years, he knew that they weren’t going to let him go.

Conca also knew that the king wanted to set an example; unfortunately, he was the example. His last hope was the Head Minister Bazzer.

After he received Bazzer’s appreciation, he had done many dirty and revolting things to make the actual ‘ruler’ of Chambord happy. He hoped that Bazzer would do the same as he usually did: save his butt from any possible consequences.

However, Bazzer stood there without saying anything; he didn’t even look at Conca. The laid back expression on his face told everyone that he wasn’t even close to Conca.

Conca was disappointed. He looked up and found Alexander sneering at him. The surrounding soldiers had murderous looks in their eyes; if they could, they would eat him alive.

He was deserted.

“Your Majesty, what do you plan to do to me?” Conca started to calm down.

Fei didn’t even look at Conca. He raised his head and said to everyone on the defensive wall, “Military Judge Conca has escaped from battles, offended the king, and messed aroung with the military law. According to the Laws of Chambord, these actions are equal to treason, and he shall be executed!”

After finally getting this chance, Fei wasn’t going to let it go. This Military Judge was definitely Bazzer’s henchman, and he made a mess in the military. From the soldiers’ expressions, Fei knew that Conca deserved to be punished. For these people, it was best to exterminate them. It wouldn’t just hurt Bazzer’s control in Chambord, but would also re-establish the strict military laws and restore people’s faith in Chambord’s law. Fei was determined to eliminate Conca from the start.

After Fei announced the judgement, the soldiers started cheering. But at this moment –

“You want me to die? Then die with me!”

A desperate scream sounded. Holding onto Fei’s leg, Conca suddenly moved. A khaki colored flame lightly surrounded his body; this was the sign that Conca had almost advanced to a two star warrior. He was a peak one star warrior when he came to Chambord two years ago, but these two years of luxury and comfort didn’t improve his strength at all. However, the situation he was in had stimulated his potential, and he advanced to a two star warrior.

Moving like lightning, Conca jumped up and held onto Fei’s neck.

This usually ignorant Military Judge was behaving like an abandoned dog. He yelled crazily in people’s gasps, “Fuck off! Shit! Get away from me! If anyone comes close, I will kill this retarded king!”

Brook, Pierce and the soldiers were shocked. They quickly surrounded him and sword, spears, blades, hammers and all kinds of weapons were pointed at him.

“Let go of the king! You weak bastard!” Pierce swung his hammer and yelled.

Brook was nervous. Although the king had demonstrated his monstrous strength that had killed one star warriors with only a single strike, the flame-like energies surrounding Conca meant that he was already a two star warrior. Moreover, Conca had sneakily attacked. He was worried that the king would be hurt and said quickly, “Conca, let go of King Alexander! I swear to the God of War that we will let you leave Chambord alive and you can go back to your life as a mercenary.”

“Mercenary? Hahaha, you want me to go back to being a precarious mercenary?” Conca had lost his mind, he laughed like a madman and said, “You think that after two years of luxury and erosion at Chambord, I’m still a qualified mercenary? I don’t want to risk my life for a gold coin anymore…… I need a ton of gold and two fast horses. Go get them!”

While Conca was distracted, the number one warrior of Chambord, Lampard was moving towards him slowly. The black sword on Lampard’s back was shaking; Lampard was calculating the distance between them and thinking of a way to save Fei quickly……

However –

Conca discovered it.

He screamed like a stimulated mouse, “Don’t come any closer! Mr. Lampard, stay away, farther……farther! I know I can’t fight you, but with a distance like this, don’t you think I could twist off this retarded king’s head before you could get to me?”

Lampard was frustrated, but he had to back off. No one expected that it would come to this.

Brook and Pierce were worried, but they didn’t know what to do. If they could, they would substitute for Fei, but……

The only one who appeared calm in the crowd was the Head Minister Bazzer. Excitment appeared in his eyes. He prayed in his mind, “Idiot, stop talking! Kill him now! Kill him. Hahaha, that will save me a ton of work……”

“Go prepare the money and the horses! Quick!” Conca was nervous from the weapons pointing at him; he yelled repeatedly.

But-

“Don’t prepare that!” Fei who was silent had finally spoke.

“What did you say?” Conca was surprised.

“I said they don’t have to prepare those thing. Because you don’t have any more chances to enjoy the money.” Fei said calmly, as if he was explain stuff to a kid.

That calmness made Conca feel like he was the one being held onto, not Fei. The extremely nervous Conca was enraged, “Haha, no more chance? Idiot, tell me why?”

“Because, you – are – about – to – die!”

“What?”

Before Conca could react, he felt a severe pain from his stomach. It felt like his internal organs were exploded by someone. Before the hand that was on Fei’s neck could do anything, he lost his strength, and the sky and ground started rotating in his eyes. He was sent into the air by Fei’s punch.

This scene made the crowd gasp again.

“What happened?” Many people were shocked. From their perspective, the young king who was seized moved his arm and hit Conca’s stomach lightly as if he was playing……

The next second –

The flame-like energy surrounding Conca was smashed into pieces and disappeared quickly. Conca was lifted off the ground and flew up in the air.

While the people were still shocked, Fei grabbed a spear out of a soldier’s hand threw it towards Conca.

“Shua -!”

The spear split air and flew towards Conca like a huge siege bolt.

Conca, who was still in midair, didn’t even have the time to scream. The spear penetrated his heart accurately and the massive momentum nailed his body onto the watchtower on the defensive wall. His limbs twitched a couple times, but his head soon tilted and blood flowed out of his mouth. He couldn’t be more dead.

The crisis was eliminated.

One strike?

Technically two strikes, but a two star warrior was easily killed. Although there were a ton of miracles that were performed by this young king, everyone was still shocked, including the number one warrior Lampard.

The difference in strength between a one star warrior and a two star warrior was not just the number. On the Azeroth Continent, the rank of the strength and power of warriors and mages were categorized based on the sky; there were three general ranks: [Sun],[Moon],and [Star].

Last Chapter



* * *





Chapter 29




Chapter 29: [King’s Sword]

Star ranks were at the bottom of the whole system. For warriors, their ranks were determined by the ‘thickness’ of their energy. On Azeroth Continent, when a warrior created energy for the first time in training, a magical swirling star would appear over the warrior’s head. The number of stars increased from one to nine as the thickness of their energy increased. Every time a new star appeared, it meant that the warrior had went up a rank; each rank would increase their strength dramatically.

A nine star warrior was at the peak of the star rank. After that, if one could step over the peak of a nine star warrior, they would become a moon ranked warrior. However, this jump was extremely difficult. 70% of the warriors on Azeroth Continent would never become moon ranked in their lifetime.

Moon ranked warriors were at a whole new level. They could choose different training methods. There were ones that chose to focus on using special weapons that were called [destiny warriors], ones that chose to make contracts with powerful monsters and share their powers that were called [beastspirit warriors], and many more. There were many training methods to become more powerful.

Moon ranked warriors were very influential. They could easily obtain appreciation from the powerful empires on the continent. Noble status, money, political power, you name it.

Above moon ranked warriors were sun ranked warriors. They were like gods; they only appeared in legends. The same applied to mages.

Chambord was located very far from the center of the continent, so naturally, no one had ever seen or heard of sun ranked warriors or mages.

This was the ranking system on Azeroth Continent. The strength Fei demonstrated had completely changed the understanding that people had about warriors in Chambord.

Nobody knew what kind of power Fei had. Without having any energy, he easily punched through a two star warrior’s energy shield and killed him instantly.

As the number one warrior in Chambord, three star ranked warrior Lampard was confused as well. He couldn’t believe it; it seemed like Alexander had only used his brutal strength….. “But since when could pure brutal force contend with a warrior’s energy?”

Only the honest Brook knew the ‘truth’; his body was shivering from excitement: “It must be the god’s power! It must be the power that the God of War had left inside the king……”

Bazzer hid himself within the crowd. After seeing Fei’s action, his facial expression remained gloomy. However, Bazzer was really surprised in his mind, “This is unbelievable. The retard didn’t just turn normal. His strength is also unpredictable now…… It seems like I have to make some adjustments to my plan……I can’t wait anymore.”

Everyone was thinking about what had happened. It was completely quiet on the defensive wall.

Fei was surprised as well, seeing how he had instantly killed Conca. He felt like his strength increased significantly since yesterday’s battle. After thinking about it, it was probably due to leveling up his barbarian character from 5 to 7. However, right now wasn’t the best time to think about that.

“Tink!”

He turned around and drew his sword from the scabbard on his waist. He yelled, “ Pierce!”

Pierce was surprised, but he quickly understood what Fei meant. He stepped up and half kneeled, “Your Majesty!”

“You destroyed two of the enemy’s siege ladders yesterday in the battle and helped Chambord fend off the enemies. I shall honor your feats as king and appoint you as the new Military Judge of Chambord. You shall be in charge of the [King’s sword] and supervise the defense. If anyone dares to disobey any command or back off from the frontline, they shall be executed with this sword…… including me; if I back off from the battle that is about to begin, you shall penetrate my heart with this sword!”

Fei passed his sword to Pierce.

This was the idea that Fei got from the military movies he watched on Earth. Before battle, morale was just as important as the military rules and laws. Healing the wounded soldiers and pretending to be the messenger of the God of War last night helped boost morale, while executing Military Judge Conca and appointing Pierce helped set up standards and reinforce serious disciplines.

It was wise to establish both incentives and penalties.

Pierce took the [King’s Sword] with both his hand and said, “As you wish, my great king!” After that, he jumped onto a battlement with the sword raised over his head and roared to his fellow soldiers, “Brothers, battle! For King Alexander!”

The surging morale was lit by Pierce’s roar.

“Tink! Tink! Tink!” The sound of clanging metal surrounded the defensive wall. The sounds of swords and blades tapping on shields and armour… spears stomping the stone ground on the defensive wall……Soldiers used this method to express their respect and support for the king.

This was the king of Chambord!

The real king!

A couple minutes ago, some people were still hesitant in believing the godlike rumors; but now, everyone believed it.

There was no need to doubt anymore. Fei’s series of commands and actions had shocked everyone on the defensive wall. Especially when he yelled at Conca, it pumped up the wounded soldiers who had battled non-stop for many days. Simple recognition on Azeroth Continent was more valuable than any promises or physical rewards to soldiers most of the time. A king as such deserved their loyalty.

Head Minister Bazzer stood in the crowd. Viciousness flashed through his eyes; no one knew what he was thinking about.

Fei raised his hand and the soldiers quickly became quiet. They stared in excitement as they waited for the king’s next command.

Fei looked around and asked impatiently, “Why isn’t Warden Oleg here yet?”

“Your Majesty, I’m here, I’m here……”

A trembling figure squeezed out of the crowd. He walked up a couple steps and kneeled in front of Fei, “Great King Alexander, after receiving your command, I rushed here instantly…… God bless you, my honourable king!”

This figure was Warden Oleg.

He was a little bit late, but he saw what happened to Conca. After thinking about what he had done to Alexander, he felt a chill to his bones. He was hoping that he would be forgotten by blending in with the crowd, but King Alexander had called him out directly. Oleg didn’t dare play any tricks. Although he was scared, he stepped out, kneeled down and started to praise Fei.

He even wanted to crawl over and kiss the king’s boots.

But-

“Tink!”

Weapons were drawn out.

Brook and Pierce stepped up and blocked Oleg, and the soldiers formed a bladed wall in front of Oleg. They didn’t want him close to the king.

Conca had approached the king easily and almost caused a tragedy. Although the king executed Conca, as the King’s Guards, they couldn’t let the same mistake happen twice.

Oleg was terrified.

He kept his head on the ground, “Your majesty, please forgive me……I’m different from Conca……I’m super loyal to you, I’m willing to sacrifice everything for you……I’m your most faithful servant, your commands are the purpose of my life, I……”

Fei frowned.

This warden was only 5 foot 4. He had a huge beard. With a scar on his forehead; he looked sturdy and ruthless. However, Fei didn’t expect him to be such a flatterer.

“How could this flatterer manage the prison?” Fei was suspicious.

“Alright, get up……” Fei signalled the soldiers to withdraw their weapons. He walked to Oleg and said, “This bullshit doesn’t mean anything to me. If my commands are the purpose of your life, then pick up your weapon and fight for Chambord! You are a one star warrior right? Look over there……” Fei pointed at the part of the defensive wall and battlements he had destroyed yesterday because of the siege ladders, “In the coming battle, I want you to guard that gap, you got that?”

Oleg looked at the gap. He knew that when the battle began, it would be the most intense battleground. Even if he was a one star warrior, he would have a hard time defending that gap……

However, he couldn’t disobey the command.

The strength of the ‘new’ Alexander devastated him. Oleg knew that if he dared to say no, he would be nailed on the watchtower, just like Conca.

“As you wish, my honourable young king! I will guard that gap with my life! Even if I die, I won’t let any enemy get close to you!”

Oleg had to accept the command bitterly.

He knew if he couldn’t get the appreciation of the young man in front of him today, today would be the last day of his warden life. He accepted the command and more compliments naturally came out of his mouth.

Fei was disgusted by it and backed off a couple steps.

Last Chapter



* * *





Chapter 30




Chapter 30: No Massacre if You Surrender

Time flew by. Like an ominous storm, a cruel battle was about to happen.

The enemies on the other side of the Zuli River seemed to finish getting into position. The siege was going to start soon. Brook began directing the soldiers to set up defense tools and mechanisms. The average young adults came onto defensive walls to help out with some simple and crude tools, such as wooden sticks and chopping axes.

However, the defensive power was still not enough. There were less than 400 soldiers from the King’s Guards due to injuries and wounds and about 1,000 young adults who were just recruited with no military training. A total of less than 1,500 manpower was the strongest defense power Chambord could pull together.

This force was way too weak compared with the 2,000 well trained enemies.

Fortunately, Chambord had a ton of advantages due to terrain. But even under that advantage, Chambord’s situation was still not optimistic.

A powerful warrior or mage was very important to wars on Azeroth continent. If enemies had one or two more fighters like Landes, then Chambord would be doomed.

Fei was extremely concerned about this.

The sun started to rise and the atmosphere was getting tense.

There seemed to be an invisible fire in the air. Most people felt a burning sensation in their chest every time they breathed.

Fei stood beside the watchtower and waited for the battle to arrive.

‘Fatty’ Gill was not too far away from Fei. His legs were shaking heavily from fear. The bloodiness of war had terrified this spoiled young master and his head went blank. Fortunately, Bazzer had sent a few loyal guards of his to protect Gill, or Gill would’ve already fainted.

What surprised Fei was that according to Brook, this red robed bastard didn’t have any battle abilities. That’s why Fei didn’t pay attention to him after dealing with Conca and Oleg. Fei thought that he would escape from the defensive wall, but who knew that he walked onto the wall and stood beside his son.

“This tricky fox really cares about his son, huh? He does have some humanity…… unexpected……”

Fei looked at Bazzer, but he didn’t say anything. Everyone was waiting for the battle to begin.

On the other side of the moat.

The enemies had formed ten square formations. They approached Chambord step by step. Blades and lances shined under the sun.

On the defensive wall, it was quiet. Everyone could hear their own heart pumping.

Some of the new recruits’ legs started to shake as well. Their hands were sweating like crazy; they almost couldn’t hold onto their weapons anymore. A bloody battle was about to begin, and no one knew if they are able to survive this battle. But for their families, they couldn’t back off.

“Tap, tap, tap, tap —-“

The enemies marched in unison. Like a black flood, they approached Chambord Castle slowly and steadily with a ton of pressure. Like drumsticks hitting the drum, the sounds hit the soldiers’ heart. It became faster and faster, stifling everyone on the defensive wall.

The enemies at the front were positioned in a tower shield formation.

There were one hundred huge black shields that were 2 yard (2 metre) high, and had ferocious devil faces carved onto them. They protected all the enemies behind them and walked forward steadily, as if there were a horde of devils approaching Chambord. Their formation changed as they approached the stone bridge. In each row, the ten person formation reduced to three people, allowing them to pass the stone bridge without a problem. They were still stepping in unison as this happened.

There wasn’t a single sound throughout the process. The enemies were like cruel and accurate killing machines, strictly and orderly operated. They demonstrated unbelievable discipline.

This made Fei even more uncertain about the battle that had yet to begin. The enemy had a well-trained army, no question about it. Compared with the soldiers beside him, Fei knew that this battle was hard to win.

The distance between the two parties was shrinking fast.

In less than 10 minutes, the tower shield formation would step their feet onto Chambord’s side of the moat. Once they did that, they would be in attack range of Chambord’s archers, and the battle would begin.

“Tink!”

Brook drew out his sword and stepped onto a battlement and yelled, “Archers……Ready!”

“Creak, creak……” It was the sound of the archers pulling their bows. More than 100 longbows were pulled into a full moon shape. The shining tips of the arrows were like the grin of the Grim Reaper, waiting for Brook’s command.

But, at that moment –

“Tap!”

The tower shield formation that was at the very front of the enemy’s line stopped moving for some reason. The spear formation, swordsman formation, archer formation and the other six formations behind them stopped moving successively.

The whole process was in uniform, as if it was only one person.

“What’s this?”

After seeing that, Fei frowned. He didn’t know what the enemy commander was thinking.

Brook was also confused, but he didn’t relax at all. He yelled, “Archers ready, concentrate, no one is allowed to leave their positions!”

After he said that, there was a new change to the enemy’s formation. Four black knights appeared in the formation slowly and walked to the front of the tower shield formation. The head knight was holding a three yard long (3 metre) knight lance, and the tip of the lance was lugging a helmet.

Brook’s face changed. He withdrew his sword and sprinted back to Fei; he lowered his voice and said, “Your Majesty, the enemies want to negotiate.”

“Negotiate?” Fei was amused.

“So lugging a helmet on a lance means that the enemy wants to negotiate on Azeroth Continent……” Fei memorized this little tip; he may need to use it later.

“But these bastards have a great advantage, why do they want to negotiate?” Fei thought.

“Let them come closer!” Fei ordered Brook. He wanted to know what kind of trick the enemies’ commander was playing.

“As you wish!”

Brook turned around and let a soldier signal the response of accepting the negotiation.

After seeing the response, the four knights rode their horses toward the defensive wall and stopped under the main gate of Chambord.

“Following my master’s command, let the King of Chambord come up and hear the order.”

The black knight named [One] stomped his lance on the ground. He raised his head and yelled arrogantly. His one star warrior’s strength allowed his voice to resound loud and clear on the wall. Everyone on the defensive wall heard it and felt the arrogance in the voice.

“Say what you fucking have to say!”

Fei yelled roughly on the defensive wall. The attitude of this enemy irritated him, so he didn’t bother to pretend to be nice.

Under the defensive wall, the pupil of [One] contracted.

He didn’t expect that the King of Chambord was the ‘bull’ that injured the three star warrior Landes…… “Shit! Didn’t the information from our intelligence agency ‘Eagle’ say that the king was a retard? How did this happen?”

Far away. The silver masked knight who was observing all this on the other side of the river was a bit surprised as well.

But quickly, a smile came on his face, “This is getting more interesting. Sending a king to the colosseum, this amazing gimmick will surely get the interest of those noble ladies…… Hahaha, it’s more interesting than I imagined!”

Under the defensive wall.

“Master is very generous and kind; he is willing to let you all live……” The black knight [One] yelled proudly, “Listen closely, King of Chambord. Master said if you are willing to open the gate and surrender, the royalties and ministers and officers shall be protected by us. The citizens will only become slaves and not be killed……” after [One] said that, his tone changed. He sneered and threatened, “If you are so dumb and refuse to surrender, after we conquer your kingdom, we will massacre your kingdom for three days; not a single creature will survive!”

The black knight’s words were heard clearly by everyone on the defensive wall.

People had different reactions. Bazzer, Oleg and some other ministers and officer started considering the ‘suggestion’ and were thinking about surrendering. Some citizens who were scared of death also wanted to surrender. Being a slave was better than being dead. Of course, there were people that showed disdain and held their weapons even tighter.

Everyone was looking at the young King Alexander.

The decision was up to the young king.

Fei didn’t reject right away. His looked at everyone’s face. After seeing everyone’s expressions, he thought of something and said slowly, “I didn’t expect the enemies to do this …… This is a hard choice, hahaha. Let’s talk about it, what do you guys think?”

As soon as he finished, Warden Oleg stepped up impatiently.

This flatterer smiled brightly and said, “My great king, Oleg is willing to die for you on the battlefield. However, I believe you should consider the enemies’ suggestions. We only have less than 400 soldiers and everyone is wounded in some way. If we continue to defend, we probably wouldn’t hold up and we will provoke the enemies even more. Then everyone in the castle will die…… Oh, of course! I’m not scared of dying; I’m just thinking for the whole kingdom.”

Although he sounded as if he was caring, his facial expressions revealed his true feelings. A warden counted as an officer of Chambord, so he would be protected by the enemies. He wouldn’t have to die, and wouldn’t have to become a slave. As a coward, it was the best choice for Oleg.

Many people glanced disdainfully at Oleg as if they could shoot arrows with their eyes, but Oleg pretended that he didn’t notice anything.

Last Chapter



* * *





Chapter 31




Chapter 31: This is a Real Warrior

Pierce stepped out and yelled at Oleg angrily, “You fucking coward! Stop saying shit! You’re just scared of dying…… Warden Oleg, you won’t have to be a slave, but what about the citizens? We all know how horrible being a slave is, it’s better to die in battle than that……”

After he said that, he turned around and said to Fei with craze burning in his eyes, “Your Majesty! Please command us. My brothers and I are willing to die on the defensive wall of Chambord rather than become lowly slaves with our families!”

Pierce was very emotional. Brook stepped out at the same time and half kneeled; he said seriously, “King Alexander, I wish the same! I would rather die in battle than become a slave!”

“Hua- hua- “

All the soldiers and young adults kneeled down after Brook finished.

Life as a slave on Azeroth Continent was worse than death – they could be killed and sold at their master’s will. They would also be recruited into the death squads of the army or do hard labour. They didn’t have any hope until they died of disease or exhaustion. Their descendants would also be slaves, with no hope.

“Your Majesty! We are all willing to die to defend the kingdom!” The soldiers stared at the young king of Chambord, with their blood burning.

Fei was also influenced by this. All the worries in his mind disappeared, and what was left was only bravery and pride. When he was about to say something, he thought of something and turned around and asked Bazzer who was in silence, “Bazzer, what do you think I should choose?”

“Defense is our best option. We have a chance. I believe your majesty should not surrender at all!” Bazzer answered solemnly.

The answer surprised Fei. He thought that this gloomy red-robed old man was timid and preferred surrendering. Who knew that Bazzer was all in on the defending side of the scale, being all serious and stuff?

However, there wasn’t any more time for Fei to think. He knew that he had to make the final decision, and he couldn’t disappoint his loyal followers. Under the eyes of many people who were paying close attention, he walked back to the battlement and yelled, “Did you hear my soldiers’ responses? Go back and tell that sneaky master of yours, if you want Chambord Castle, then take it away like a real warrior with blades and swords! Don’t play these dirty old tricks and try to estrange our unity. In Chambord, there are only warriors that would bleed and die in battle, no cowards that would want to surrender!”

Fei’s words heated up the morale and desire for battle of the soldiers.

The last sentence had especially excited and pumped the kneeling soldiers. They felt like something was about to burst out of their chests, and wanted to roar like wild beasts.

Under the defensive wall.

The four knight changed expressions. The reason the silver masked knight wanted to do this was to dismantle the unity and morale of Chambord; he wanted the royalty and citizens to have conflict so his army would conquer the kingdom easier and faster. They were deep into Zenit Empire’s territory. If the whole siege took too long and the Zenit Empire found out about them, all their effort and time would be wasted.

They didn’t expect that the retarded king of Chambord used their strategy into his advantage and pumped the soldiers’ morale……The silver knight’s plan fell apart completely.

Black knight [One] was so mad that he started laughing. He twisted his lance holding the helmet and smashed it against the defensive wall and broke it into piece.

He flipped his lance again and pointed it at Fei on top of the defensive wall. He swore arrogantly, “You unappreciative dirt bag! My master was generous and was willing to let you live; however, you just really want to die like a pig to show off your pitiful bravery…… You dirty low lives, start trembling, you will pay for your decision! When the castle is conquered, the women will be torn apart right in front of you, the skulls of the elders and kids will be piled into mountains, and you……” He pointed at Fei, “You retard! You will be chopped into pieces and made into a stew to feed our horses. I swear!”

After he finished, he turned his horse around and was about to leave. However, the tough guy Pierce on the defensive wall was enraged by what [One] said. He grabbed the bow and arrow from an archer beside him, pulled on the bow and yelled, “Bastard! You want to leave after insulting my king? Take this!”

“Woosh-”

The arrow was aimed at the back of the black knight.

“Tink-”

[One] swung his lance and blocked the arrow easily.

He turned his head around and looked at Pierce, “White haired punk, your strength is way too weak…… I will remember you. Just wait, when we conquer the castle, I will chop your head off myself and place it onto the tip of this lance!”

Pierce was born with inhuman strength, but he didn’t have any energy and wasn’t a star ranked warrior; however, [One] became a one star warrior a long time ago. They weren’t on the same level. There was no way that Pierce was able to hurt [One], so [One] didn’t even try seriously.

[One] glanced through all the faces on the defensive wall arrogantly and started heading back while laughing out loudly.

But at this moment –

“It’s better if you leave your head here!”

A roar sounded on the defensive wall. A blue flash of energy appeared and a figure jumped off the tall wall. He swung his sword rapidly in midair and waves of blue energy flew towards [One] at the speed of light. They looked unstoppable and had great momentum.

“This ……”

Right at that second, the shadow of death hovered over [One]’s mind. His pupils contracted as he tried to block the waves of energy with his lance as fast as he could, thinking about a plan to escape from the situation……

But –

“Crack, crack, crack!”

After a series of clear sounds, the hard lance was chopped into a couple large pieces. The blue energy surrounding the figure expanded and flashed in the observers’ eyes a couple times to fight [One]. After that, he jumped up, grabbed onto the base of the defensive wall to regain his momentum and pushed as he jumped back up onto the high defensive wall.

The whole process was clean and fast. Everyone was shocked by what had happened.

After they processed what had happened in their minds, that godlike figure was already back on top of the defensive wall holding a head in his hands, with a pair of eyes still wide open.

It was the head of [One]. Moreover, the person who was holding the head was the number one warrior of Chambord, three star warrior Frank Lampard.

His strength had shocked everyone on the battlefield. The battlefield was dead silent.

Suddenly –

“Pa!”

Under the wall, [One]’s beheaded corpse, which was on the horse fell and smashed onto the ground.

Blood spurted out his neck like a fountain and quickly stained the soil underneath it……This arrogant black knight who was yelling and screaming a second ago died under Lampard’s sword in a few strikes and got his head chopped off; it was just like what he said he would do to Pierce.

No one expected the silent Lampard to attack so suddenly. The extreme strength of a three star warrior was thoroughly demonstrated by Lampard.

“Dot, dot……”

On the defensive wall, Lampard stood like a demon in front of the enemies. The head he was holding was still dripping blood. The eyes were wide open, filled with terror and regret.

“Insulting my king and breaking the negotiation helmet……shall result in death!”

Lampard yelled using his energy. The voice came out loud and clear and every enemy soldier heard it, even the silver masked knight on the other side of the wide river. The voice sounded like thunder, especially the emphasis on the word ‘kill’. Tt shocked the enemies and created a little chaos in the enemies’ formations.

According to the rules and customs of wars on Azeroth Continent, during negotiation, even if it didn’t work out, parties were not allowed to break the helmet on the tip of the lances. Doing so was extremely disrespectful and would shame the God of War. [One] broke the helmet and insulted the opponent king; those action were forbidden, so he deserved to be killed.

Fei looked at Lampard, he was in shock.

“This is a real warrior!”

In yesterday’s battle, Lampard was entangled with the enemy’s three star warrior Landes and didn’t shine too much, but killing a one star warrior easily like eating pie proved that he deserved the soldiers’ respect and worship.

Fei knew that his strength was not as strong as that. But as a king who liked to show off, he wasn’t going to let this chance pass by. He jumped onto a battlement, swung his axe and yelled to the three black knights who were still in shock, “Fuck off!!”

Fei used the barbarian’s war cry skill 【Howl】 while yelling.

Because of the distance between Fei and the black knights, it only surprised them and they didn’t experience the terrifying pressure. However, Fei’s targets weren’t the three one star warrior black knights, but rather……

The horses they were on; they didn’t have anywhere near the strength of a one star warrior.

Last Chapter



* * *





Chapter 32




Chapter 32: The Early Christmas Presents

Although the power of 【Howl】 was significantly reduced by the time it reached the bottom of the defensive wall, it was enough to affect the average horses. The horses started to neigh in terror, and they lost their strength and fell to the ground, defecating everywhere.

This took the three black knights by surprise, and they quickly jumped off of their horses.

“You fucking……”

No matter how hard they whipped the horses, these well-trained battle horses seemed as if they were possessed; they wailed about but couldn’t get up.

“Ohohohoho, look! They pissed themselves, haha!”

“Fuck off, Bastards! Bring your weapons next time!”

“You want us to surrender? You must be dreaming! Taste my axe!”

“Chambord will not be conquered by you low lives! We will teach you a memorable life lesson……”

“Hahaha, you scared? Go cry to your mom!”

“……”

After seeing that, the soldiers of Chambord burst into laughter. Some soldiers started mocking them, and some even took out their dongs and started peeing on the knights under the defensive wall……

“Tink, tink, tink – “

Some soldiers started tapping their weapons. The mighty and powerful metal sounds in addition to what Lampard and Fei did got rid of all the fear in everyone’s mind. Even the most timid soldiers were excited for battle and wanted to kill a few enemies.

……

Far away, on the other side of the Zuli river.

Seeing what had happened from far, even the silver masked knight who appeared calm and relaxed became extremely angry.

He was trying to use this negotiation to tear apart the unity within Chambord and create conflict within to dismantle their morale. Even if Chambord didn’t surrender, Chambord’s defensive ability would fall to an all-time low and it would be way easier for him to conquer the kingdom.

However……

He didn’t expect things to turn out like this.

The rage and stupid behaviour of [One] had broken the unwritten rules of negotiation on the battlefield and gave Chambord a proper reason to attack [One]. [One] didn’t just lose his life, but also gave Chambord a chance to stimulate their own morale and stomp on the enemy’s morale.

“Shit……”

The silver masked knight couldn’t help but swear. He didn’t know why, but he felt the operation of sieging Chambord Castle wasn’t going to be as easy as he thought.

“Master, please allow me to kill that arrogant three star warrior!”

Landes felt it was a great opportunity for him to redeem himself. He stepped up and requested. Some of the other black knights were getting impatient too.

As witnessing their own being killed one by one by the Chambord soldiers, they felt their pride as the silver masked knight’s henchmen being challenged. They expressed their wish of sieging right away and executing everyone in Chambord.

But –

The silver masked knight held his horsewhip tightly in his hands. The joints on his fingers were turning white because he was applying a lot of force; he was trying to endure the rage in his mind.

After thinking for a moment, he waved at his subordinates and surprisingly stopped them. He said with a deep voice, “Follow my command. Stop the siege right now. We will start attacking after lunch!”

Landes and the black knights were surprised; they didn’t expect such a command.

“Those low lives are at the peak of their morale; if we siege right now, we will fall into that retarded king’s trick……” The silver masked knight pointed at Chambord with his horsewhip, and said calmly, “After lunch when their morale dies down, it will be our best opportunity to siege. Put all the siege ladders and machines into battle when it begins. I want this sinful castle to be conquered within half an hour! We will execute them for three days following it to seek the revenge for my warriors!”

His calm voice turned into a roar when he was finished. He turned his horse around and headed back to the base.

……

……

On the defensive wall.

After three minutes, Fei and Brook looked at each other.

Everyone on the defensive wall thought that after Lampard had killed the black knight, the enemies would be angered and would start attacking aggressively right away. All of the soldiers were ready for that……

Who knew that three minutes had passed by and the aggressive attacks hadn’t come? The enemies’ formation were still the same, occupying the whole bridge. They didn’t move at all and just stayed out of the archers’ range.

“Damn, what’s going on?”

Fei was confused. He even thought that the enemy commander’s head had been kicked by a donkey, so he couldn’t think straight. However, it was more likely that he was playing another trick.

Brook was thinking hard beside Fei as well. He felt that the enemy commander’s intentions were hard to estimate. Although the storm-like siege they expected didn’t occur, a bigger and more rapid storm was developing in this short-lived peace.

As the general commander appointed by King Alexander, Brook felt he had a lot of responsibilities, so he had to quickly understand the enemy’s intentions.

After thinking for a while, Brook looked at the mountains surrounding the kingdom.

To make sure that the enemies were not attacking from the sides, Brook commanded a couple of smart soldiers to check from the peak of the three mountains, just in case the enemies sent star ranked warriors to climb on the mountain to siege from the sides.

Fifteen more minutes passed by.

As time passed by, the atmosphere on the defensive wall changed.

Fei suddenly found out that some soldiers’ spirits started to relax. The grips on the weapons loosened and their stares were losing focus. If the previous condition of the soldiers was like a bow that was pulled to the max, they were now a bow that was not pulled at all.

The situation wasn’t good. The morale that Fei raised with a lot of effort was slowly depleting due to the enemy’s strange behaviour.

“Shit! Could this be the strategy of the enemy commander? If it is……”

Fei was nervous.

“If this is their plan, then we are in a lot of trouble.”

This revealed a lot of information. “The clearest point is that the enemy commander is way smarter and stronger than I expected. He can control himself and grasp people’s mind really well……” Morale was an interesting thing. If commanders used it to their advantage, it would literally determine the outcome of a battle.

“What should we do?”

After getting a grasp of the enemy’s intention, Fei couldn’t find a good counter-strategy.

It was obvious that the enemy commander played a dirty trick. Although his intention was discovered, the only way for Chambord to use the high morale to their advantage was to initiate the battle. However, for Chambord who had limited military power, giving up their terrain advantage to initiate the battle was like seeking their own death.

But if this continued and every soldier was continuously alert, they would have a breakdown under such pressure sooner or later.

After thinking for a moment, Fei called Brook aside and ordered him to divide the soldier into two groups. When the enemies were not sieging, one group would be guarding and observing the enemy’s actions and one group would be resting. They would rotate every twenty minutes to make sure every soldier‘s physical and mental strength was at a standard level……

This was the best plan Fei could come up with. After another twenty minutes, the sun had already risen up to the middle of the sky.

The sunlight was heating up. Thick armour, heavy weapons and the mental pressure from facing numerous enemies made the soldiers sweat.

Fei stood on the defensive wall and observed the enemies even more, but he felt like they still didn’t want to attack at all. He thought about it and decided to not wait like this.

Every minute and every second was precious to him. He had to enter the Diablo World as soon as possible to level up and increase his strength. It was way better than waiting like this.

He turned around and returned to the watchtower on the defensive wall. He let Pierce who was carrying the [King’s Sword] guard the entrance. Fei himself sat on a stone and closed his eyes. He concentrated as he tried to communicate with the cold, mysterious voice.

He got a quick response –

“Sufficient mental strength……Scanning soul wave…… confirmed……Entering Diablo world in 3……2……1……Ding, entering!”

……

……

Fei chose the barbarian character again this time.

He appeared on the burial grounds on 【Cold Plains】.

The corpse of 【Blood Raven】 lied in front of him. Gold coins and items surrounded him. However, there was no time for him to pick them up; because he re-entered the world, the monsters on the burial ground had refreshed. Numerous 【Corrupt Rogues】 and 【Fallen Shamans】 started to attack as they saw someone appeared in their territory.

Another round of battle had begun. With some effort, Fei swept the monsters at the burial ground again. He finally had time to pick up the items and coins.

When he reached for the three blue magic items under 【Blood Raven】’s corpse, he moved the corpse a little bit. He suddenly saw some yellow light.

“Could it be……” Fei was excited because it was the color of rare items.

His hand shivered as he moved 【Blood Raven】’s corpse aside.

There were more than one rare item!

“Damn, I must’ve been good this year so Santa gave me some early Christmas presents!”

There were three rare yellow items. There was a shield that had black hooks on it, an oddly-shaped sword and a delicate bronze glove.

All three items were not identified, so Fei didn’t know what their actual capacities were.

After seeing the three yellow items, Fei didn’t care about the blue items anymore and threw them all into his 【Item Slot】.

After he collected all the gold coins on the ground, he opened up his 【Character Status】.

P.S.

Rank

Item Type

Item Color

Lowest

Normal Items

White

Magic Items

Blue

Rare Items

Yellow

Set Items

Green

Highest

Unique Items

Gold

Last Chapter



* * *





Chapter 33




Chapter 33: A Hot Mercenary

After Fei picked up all the items and coins, he opened up his 【Character Status】-

Gamer: Fei

Class: Barbarian

Level: 7

Experience: 35100/40000

Strength: 51

Dexterity: 20

Intelligence: 10

Vitality: 34

Damage: 30-43

Accuracy: 114

Armor: 77

Endurance: 1124

Health: 126

Resource (Fury): 19

Fire-Resistance: 0

Cold-Resistance: 0

Lightning-Resistance: 15

Poison-Resistance: 0

……

These stats were way better than what he started with. But one thing was obvious, even with stats like these, it wasn’t enough to solve the problem he was having in the real world.

From Fei’s rough estimation, level 5 in Diablo world was equal to a one star warrior.

Between level 5 and 10, he could kill a one star warrior easily and would a big threat to the two star warriors, judging by how he killed Conca. However, when faced with actual two star warriors who could utilize their strength efficiently, it wouldn’t be that easy. However, it wouldn’t be impossible to win either. When facing a three star warrior like Landes or Lampard, unless Fei used sneak attacks, there was zero chance of winning.

If he reached level 10, Fei believed that he could fight Landes effectively without using abilities such as 【Howl】.

This was why Fei had to use his time wisely and level up as soon as possible. Once his barbarian character surpassed level 10, Chambord would have a better chance of winning.

Fei started his journey in the Diablo world again.

“Buzzzzz…”

Fei opened his 【Item Slot】 and used a 【Town Portal Scroll】, and the blue oval shaped portal appeared beside Fei. He stepped into the portal and went back to 【Rogue Encampment】.

The first person he went to was Priestess Akara. He bought a 【Tome of Town Portal】 and a 【Tome of Identify】, which could each contain 20 【Town Portal Scrolls】 and 20 【Identify Scrolls】 respectively. They helped save storage room in his 【Item Slot】.

If each scroll took up a slot in his inventory, 40 scrolls would occupy the entire space and there wouldn’t be any room for anything else.

Because Priestess Akara was very cheap, Fei didn’t want to sell the items he didn’t need to her. He left Akara, and then went into an empty tent and started using 【Identity Scrolls】 to identity the items he obtained.

Fei started with the three yellow rare items. The first one was the shield that had black hooks on it. After using a 【Identity Scroll】, all the properties of the shield appeared in Fei’s mind –

【Azure Spiked Shield】

Defence: + 20

% Block: + 25%

Durability: 10/10

Required Strength: 35

Required Level: 7

Special Property: +9% Cold-Resistance, +17% replenish life (Increase life regeneration), +7 Resource (Fury), ethereal (Unable to repair)

The properties of this shield were too good. It was the perfect shield for a barbarian. With this shield, Fei’s defense had went up a level.

The only drawback was that the durability of the shield was only 10, and it couldn’t be repaired at all. Once the shield was broken, it would be gone forever. However, the pros outweighed the cons by a lot, and this shield was just what Fei needed right now.

He equipped it without hesitation.

Then, he continued the identification.

After using one more 【Identity Scroll】, the property of the golden sword appeared too –

【Storm Sabre】 (One handed)

Damage: 3-7

Durability: 24/24

Required Strength: 25

Required Dexterity: 20

Special Property: +1 Minimum Damage, +16 Accuracy, +51% damage to Undead, +69 Accuracy to Undead, +5 lightning damage, +6 poison damage over 2 seconds.

The sword’s properties were amazing as well, just like how rare items were supposed to be.

Fei thought about it and equipped it too. In the Diablo World, except for items such as armour and rings that a character could only equip one at a time, characters could equip two set of weapons and could freely switch between them in different situations.

Fei equipped 【Azure Spiked Shield】 and 【Storm Sabre】 as a weapon set. With the sword in the right hand and the shield on his left, they were a perfect set of substitute weapons. The massive double-handed axe was still Fei’s main weapon.

It was time to identify the last yellow rare item – the bronze gloves.

The properties appeared after using the scroll.

【Bronze Self-Repairing Gloves】

Defense: +6

Durability: 14/14

Special Property: +15 Accuracy, +10% fire-resistance, +15% cold-resistance, self-repair 1 durability in 33 seconds.

Another piece of beauty. Fei’s head was a little dizzy, and he had to pinch himself to make sure that he wasn’t dreaming. All three yellow rare items had amazing properties, and best of all, Fei could equip them right away as a level 7 Barbarian. It felt like the three items were tailored towards Fei.

He equipped the 【Bronze Self-Repairing Gloves】 to get rid of the old worn out leather gloves. The three yellow rare items were shining on him. It made him feel very powerful. He couldn’t wait to go to the moor to battle with monsters just to try out his new ‘outfit’.

After he finished identifying, he went to the female blacksmith Charsi.

He sold all the blue magic items that he didn’t need for 18,666 gold coins. Seeing all the 21,000 gold coins in his 【Item Slot】, Fei felt a sense of accomplishment, going from a pauper to a prince in terms of wealth.

Time was tight. After Fei finished everything, he repaired all his items at Charsi’s, bought a metal helmet and a pair of heavy leather boots and quickly went to the next location on his mind.

The next stop was Kashya, the military leader at 【Rogue Encampment】. He completed the quest 【Sisters’ Burial Grounds】 and was there to receive his rewards.

“Oh, god bless. Young traveller, you have really killed that sinful traitor……Congratulations, you have earned my trust and friendship. As a reward, you shall receive a powerful female rogue as a mercenary.”

Kashya was surprised that Fei had successfully completed the quest. After she finished speaking, a young pretty female rogue archer stepped out of a tent behind Kashya and walked to Fei.

“This is the most powerful magic archer at Rogue Encampment, Elena. Young traveller, Elena shall be by your side and fight for you from now on. Kashya introduced the female rogue fighter to Fei.

Fei took a close look. This young magic archer named Elena was about twenty one years old. She was only a little shorter than Fei. Her fiery red long hair was tied to the back of her head with a coarse cloth, and her figure was beautiful. She wore rough leather armour that only covered important spots on her body. A pair of leather barreled boots covered her calf, but most of her thighs were exposed; the leather war-kilt acted as a mini-skirt. Her appeal almost caused Fei to have a nose bleed. Despite her appeal, Fei felt that this female magic archer had a special feeling of courage and bravery that ordinary girls didn’t have.

“Hello, according to Leader Kashya’s orders, I shall fight for you, young warrior.”

Elena didn’t like talking. After she said that, she stood behind Fei like a bodyguard. Her expression was very calm. Fei felt that although she looked cold and independent, she was easy to talk to.

Fei remembered the effects of fighting with a mercenary that he learned on Earth from the original game.

If he wasn’t wrong, fighting alongside a mercenary would increase the speed of leveling up by a lot. He thanked Kashya and went to priestess Akara with his new hot bodyguard to receive the third quest – 【Search for Cain】.

This mission was a little bit more complicated.

Fei had to cross the 【Underground Passage】 and find a mysterious scroll in the 【Dark Wood】 under the Tree of Inifuss. He had to then go back to priestess Akara to get the scroll translated – which would give Fei a series of numbers. He had to then touch the five cairn stones in sequence at 【Stoney Field】 . This opened the portal that would send Fei to a mysterious space where the ‘obscene’ old man, Cain, was locked in a cage on a tree by a bunch of demons. Fei had to kill all the demons in that space and free the old man in order to complete the quest.

Last Chapter



* * *





Chapter 34




Chapter 34: Unexpected Change

This quest was complicated, but it was very important to the plot in the Diablo World as a whole. This was because after the player rescued the ‘obscene’ old man Cain from the mysterious space called Tristram, the old man would be around the player wherever he went and would give out all types of quests to link the plot together in Diablo.

Before Fei started the quest, he double checked his items and the details of the quest.

It wasn’t too challenging for Fei in his current condition. After calculating the time, Fei felt that he could complete the quest in two hours if everything went smoothly. There would also be extra time for him to do the things he planned before he would get kicked out. Fei decided to go and find the tree of Inifuss.

Before he left the encampment, he looked at the hot mercenary Elena who was following him quietly. He thought of something and went back to the female blacksmith Charsi. He spent around 1,000 gold coins and purchased a strong bow, heavy leather armour, a pair of heavy leather boots and a top quality hat that was made for female characters.

“Hey beauty, you can use these items, right?”

Fei had a bright smile on his face. He said to Elena, “If you can use these, then put them on. When facing monsters and demons, a bit more strength will increase our chance of survival.”

“These…..these are for me?” Elena was surprised; she didn’t expect this at all. It seemed too unbelievable.

“Do you thinking I’m that sick to use female items?” Fei felt that the hot mercenary in front him was very excited. He was a little confused; these items valued around 1,000 gold coins weren’t that good under Fei’s standards. It was like comparing a small patch of grass to a large tree if they were put beside Fei’s weapons and armour.

“Why are you so excited?” Fei didn’t know.

“Thank you, young warrior.” After confirming that those items were meant for her, Elena calmed herself. She bowed and thanked Fei and took the items into the tent behind Charsi.

Soon, sounds of Elena changing her clothes came from the tent; Fei wished he had x-ray vision.

After about 20 seconds, Elena walked out. Fei’s eyes shined. Elena’s new look was just too damn fine. The heavy leather armour covered in light blue light had outlined her perfect body. With the bow in her hand and arrows on her back, she looked like the goddess of war.

“Haha, it fits you perfectly. Let’s go!”

Fei felt his nose was about to bleed any second. He pretended everything was fine, turned around and started walking towards the gate of the encampment.

The reason Fei bought this hot mercenary items wasn’t purely because he was perverted; Elena was a great fighter. Increasing her strength would help Fei complete his quest quickly.

A smiled appeared on Elena’s face, but it was gone the next second and her calm demeanor returned. She didn’t say anything and followed Fei quietly.

……

……

“Woosh!”

Three 【Fallen Shaman】 screamed as they fell on the ground.

“Tink!”

A blue magic item dropped from the monster’s corpse. Fei was excited. He picked it up and saw a unique shaped ring. It wasn’t identified, so he didn’t know the properties of the item.

After using a 【Identify Scroll】, Fei found out that the ring was 【Glimmering Ring】, +8 Resources (Fury), +5 light radius. It wasn’t too useful to a barbarian who fought in close combat, but Fei put it on; it was better than nothing.

Elena glanced around carefully, maintaining full alert while Fei was doing that. What made Fei feel strange was that he felt that Elena couldn’t see the items that dropped from the monsters. This was because the hot mercenary looked at him strangely, as if he was a mime artist.

“Could it be that the residents in the Diablo world like Elena can’t see the items that drop from monsters?” Something hit Fei, “So that means…In this world, I’m the only one who can obtain items from killing monsters?”

This hypothesis surprised Fei. He felt he had discovered something, but he just couldn’t wrap his mind around it.

……

……

Time was tight. Fei and Elena moved quickly through the map.

In the deepest location of 【Stoney Field】 which was connected to 【Cold Plain】, Fei took Elena through a portal that brought both of them into the 【Underground Passage】.

After they stepped foot into the 【Underground Passage】, all they could see was darkness.

There wasn’t any light in the passage, and the chilling wind blew against them.

The sharp and devastating screams of the monsters echoed through the deepest part of the passage. A fishy stench filled the passage and made it even more terrifying.

“Be careful! Stay behind me. Remember, don’t ever go in front of me.” Fei turned around and ordered the mercenary.

He was a barbarian, which innately had more health and armour. He could act as a tank that blocked all the damage in the front. Elena on the other hand was a ranged magic archer. She had a high damage, but low health and armour. If monsters got close to her, she would be in a dangerous situation.

Elena was stunned. She didn’t expect the young traveller in front of her to make such a decision. It was totally different from the scary myths that were passed around in 【Rogue Encampment】, where travellers would get the most value out of their mercenaries as possible. Before, Elena thought that her fate would be just like the female rogues from 60 years ago; she would be used as bait to attract monsters by Fei and act as a human shield, but……

While the hot mercenary was still in shock, Fei already started charging.

“Roar – !”

Fei used warcry-【Howl】 as he swung his huge axe.

He chopped three times easily and he separated the three 【Goatman】 that were rushing towards him into six pieces from the waist.

“Come on! We have to move through here fast!”

Fei turned around and said to Elena as he continued charging. He soon disappeared into the darkness; Elena finally reacted and chased after Fei.

Numerous monsters and demons rushed towards Fei like a flood. He stepped forward and was about to strike when he heard a whooshing sound coming from behind him. Blue arrows flew past Fei and nailed four monsters right in their heads. The magic on the arrow exploded and turned them into ice statues; there were no life inside them.

“Sick!”

Fei gave Elena a big thumbs up.

This female rogue was not just a pretty girl to look at. Her shooting skills were outstanding. All four of her arrows hit the agile monsters accurately in such a dark environment; her ability had proven her worth to Fei.

Elena didn’t react at all to Fei’s compliment.

Her bowstring kept on stretching, “Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh -” three more arrows were shot out and sent three more 【Goatman】 to hell.

Fei discovered that this hot mercenary was an ice magic archer. All the arrows she shot weren’t just powerful and did a ton of damage. It also slowed their movement and attack speed. She was literally the best supportive mercenary Fei could hope for.

They kept moving through the passage.

The 【Underground Passage】 was like a maze. There were a lot of curved paths and forks in the passage; it was very easy to get lost. Monsters attacked from various hidden corners and places. It was like the easier version of hell; the cold wind blew and monsters screamed.

Fei had done enough killing and had enough experience to not be affected by this.

Elena seemed like she experienced a similar scene and was not scared, either.

Every time she pulled the bowstring, a monster was killed. Of course, when faced with 【Disfigured Taints】, 【Giant Spiders】 and 【Yeti Wendigos】, all of which were higher leveled monster, it took more work than just one arrow. Without Fei’s assistance, she needed three arrows to take one of them down. Moreover, she had to keep her distance from the monsters during the process in order to fully utilize her bow and arrows.

After about 20 minutes, their coordination became more proficient. As if they knew exactly what the other person was going to do, they barely talked to each other during the process, but they were becoming more coordinated. Fei swung his axe and smashed all the monsters that were close, while Elena shot her frost arrows to kill the monsters further away. The pace they were moving at was beyond Fei’s expectations.

“If we can keep this up, we could get to 【Dark Wood】 and find that damn scroll under the tree of Inifuss in less than half an hour!”

Fei was becoming more optimistic about the mission.

At this moment, something unexpected happened –

“AHHH!!!”

The hot mercenary who was shooting at the monsters behind Fei suddenly screamed. Fei heard panic, anger and sadness in the scream; as if something terrifying had happened.

Last Chapter



* * *





Chapter 35




Chapter 35: Elena’s Surprise

Fei was shocked. He quickly beheaded the monsters in front of him and turned around to see what had happened. It turned out that Elena was not attacked by monsters at all. However, she looked soullessly at the entrance of a dusky cave located far away. Her body was stiff, and her hand that was holding the bow was shaking uncontrollably. Tears dripped down her pale face as she stared at a blackened object.

Fei was worried. He rushed to Elena. When he got closer, he found out that the blackened object was the ruined corpse of a female rogue.

The corpse wore rough leather armour that was common for female rogues. She had red hair as well, but looked younger than Elena; around 17 years old. She had definitely been tortured by monsters when she was alive. Her chest was torn open, and her heart was missing. There were horrifying scratches on her left thigh, and her flesh on her right thigh was missing, exposing the bone underneath. It looked like it was eaten by something……

“Oh god! ……No…… She……She’s Nina, she went missing when we were searching for food on 【Blood Moor】, and she was ……”

Elena lost the strength to stand. She fell on her knees and couldn’t hold back her tears. “She was only 17, and that was the first time she had left the camp and participated in a mission……and she volunteered to go……Nina worked hard in the camp. It didn’t matter how hard work was, she always had a bright smile on her face and encouraged us like a cheerful angel, making us laugh. How could this……Wahwahwah……These monsters should all go to hell!”

After listening to Elena’s cries, Fei partially understood what had happened. It was obvious that this female corpse was someone Elena knew. She was taken by monsters a month ago while they were on a mission and suffered a horrific death in this cave.

17 years old was an age that a girl should have been enjoying life and having fun, but Nina had a tragic fate. It saddened Fei, despite not knowing who Nina was.

From the start, the Diablo world gave Fei a realistic feeling. He felt pain when he was injured, the NPCs had their own intelligence, and he felt thirsty, hungry and tired when he battled for too long……But subconsciously, Fei had still treated this world as a game.

However, after seeing the ruined corpse in front of him and listening to Nina’s life story, Fei felt he got it all wrong. The Diablo World was also a real world. The residents in the world didn’t just have intelligence, but emotions and feelings as well. They were living humans, not some programmed scripts and codes.

“It’s alright Elena, don’t cry. Let’s kill all the monsters here and seek vengeance for Nina!”

Fei didn’t know how to comfort this crying beauty properly. He reached for her hand and held up the crying mercenary. The ‘Goddess of War’ who had previously brutally killed monsters was now as weak as an ordinary little girl that needed care and protection. Fei had seen her weak side under her quiet and independent demeanor.

Maybe this was her true nature, suppressed by the horrible environment. It didn’t matter how strong or how calm she was when facing monsters; Elena was only a 21 year old girl. On Earth, most girls this age would be in school and have a bright future. Alternately, in the Diablo World, they needed to train in order to survive and battle against vicious monsters. It wasn’t uncommon to watch their friends and families die and be unable to do anything about it.

Fei dug a big hole in the ground with his axe and buried Nina’s corpse. When he was moving the corpse, Fei found something – it wasn’t gold coins or items, but rather a pocketful of plant seeds.

The little girl who came out of 【Rogue Encampment】 to find food had saved her ‘treasures’, even though she died in such an environment. Elena treated those plants seeds as her most precious possession and put them carefully into her pocket. After Nina’s body was buried, the two of them continued on their journey.

Elena was still stimulated by what happened and transferred her sadness into anger against the monsters. Fei didn’t really fight much; every time he was about to strike, arrows would kill the monsters he could see and send them to hell.

Elena’s attitude towards Fei had changed a lot. Although they still didn’t talk much as they continued pushing forward in the dark passage, Fei felt that the eyes behind him were much softer when Elena looked at him……

As they moved forward, they had encountered a couple more corpses of female rogues. Luckily, Elena didn’t know them, so it saved Fei a lot of trouble. However, he was compassionate, so he still took time to properly bury the poor rogues.

Because Fei had memories of the original game, he chose the path that led them directly to 【Dark Wood】 instead of going to the second level of 【Underground Passage】.

It was brighter, similar to when Fei and Elena first stepped out of the portal from 【Underground Passage】 to 【Dark Wood】.

【Dark Wood】 wasn’t that dark. There was more grass and trees than 【Blood Moor】 and 【Cold Plain】 despite not being close to a forest at all.

Rain fell down from the sky. Fei looked in the distance and discovered crowds of monsters and demons. They were much more aggressive. When they saw two people appearing from the portal, they began charging towards them and screaming loudly.

“Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh – !”

A barrage of frost arrows shot out as if they were bullets from a machine gun.

“Whir, whir, whir -”

The double handed axe had drawn a deadly trajectory as Fei swung it forcefully.

Under the massacre of these two mad warriors, the monsters and demons died as fast as they charged.

Fei and Elena destroyed the monsters as if they were skilled farmers harvesting their crops.

Miserable screams filled the woods. The two of them quickly approached a giant withered tree about 50 yards (50 m) high while stepping in the flesh and blood of the monsters.

It was the tree of Inifuss.

There were piles of rotten corpses under the tree. Flocks of flies hovered above them. There were even some corpses hanging on tree branches, dripping blackened blood and pus. The stench around the tree could easily make anyone puke. The scene was like hell.

Fei squeezed his nose as he slowly approached the tree, and then softly touched it.

“Pa!”

A white parchment scroll shot off of the tree.

Fei picked it up and opened it. There was a large circle drawn with some sort of reddish-black material similar to blood. The circle contained a five-point star and mysterious symbols covered the rest of the scroll. It looked like it was one of those magic scrolls, but Fei couldn’t understand a thing.

“Looks like I have to get it translated by Akara.”

Fei threw it into his 【Item Slot】 and also picked up a few valuable items dropped by the monsters. He then used a 【Town Portal Scroll】, and the blue portal appeared again.

Fei turned around and signaled Elena who was guarding him to follow him into the portal. However, a surprised expression appeared on Elena’s face again.

“This……is a 【Town Portal Scroll】?”

Elena’s voice shook, as if she couldn’t believe her eyes.

The hot mercenary thought to herself, “If my fellow sisters had these kinds of magical scrolls, how many lives could that save? Maybe Nina would be still alive……”

“Yeah, it’s a 【Town Portal Scroll】.”

Although Fei had noticed Elena’s change in mood, he didn’t think too much of it, “What’s so special about a 【Town Portal Scroll】 that only costs 80 gold coins?” Time was tight and he needed a lot of time to execute his plans. There was no time to waste, so he answered casually and stepped into the portal.

……

【Rogue Encampment】

Fei went straight to priestess Akara to get the scroll translated. Elena followed Fei and carefully went through the portal. This was the first time Elena had ever used the portal to get back to the camp, so her mind was filled with shock and curiosity. She had planned to visit her sisters and tell them about Nina’s death, but after thinking about her new identity and Fei’s quest, she hesitated and eventually gave up her plan.

After about three minutes, Fei rushed back with the parchment scroll in his hand.

“Why didn’t you go and talk to your sisters?”

Last Chapter



* * *





Chapter 36




Chapter 36: Tristram

Elena felt safe and secure whenever she was with this young traveller. The monsters that took her sisters and her a lot to effort to kill were like cabbages in front of him. All the monster were stopped by him and couldn’t even get close to her. That man was like an insurmountable wall that blocked off all danger……

Reality had overturned her perception of their master-mercenary relationship. According to everyone’s knowledge, including leader Kashaya, mercenaries were simply tools used by travellers. Some despicable travellers used their poor mercenaries to attract monsters and use them as human shields; this led to significant casualties in 【Rogue Encampment】.

But in order to maintain the existence of the camp and to protect the weak residents who had no combat abilities, female rogues had to be hired as mercenaries for travellers and sacrifice themselves.

Obviously, the young barbarian traveller in front of her wasn’t like that. Elena didn’t know if the tales were untrue or if she just got lucky and met a kind and brave traveller.

“Maybe it’s because of the time that has passed. After 60 years of isolation, all the past travellers disappeared and the camp became an abandoned place. He was the first traveller to step into rogue encampment after 60 years……Everything has changed.” Elena had found an excuse.

Fei laughed as he saw the slightly nervous expression on the hot mercenaries face; he didn’t say anything. He turned around and walked back to the portal. Elena, who still had a lot of stuff on her mind, quickly followed Fei.

……

It took Fei less than 10 minutes to go back from 【Dark Wood】 to 【Stoney Field】.

It was fast because when Fei went to get the scroll translated from Akara, he also bought two 【Health Potions】; one for himself and one for Elena. Also, the monsters on the way back had already been cleared, so there weren’t too many obstacles.

They quickly found the Cairn Stones.

Fei took out the translated scroll and touched the five stones carefully in the order they were displayed on the scroll. Suddenly, the sky dimmed and everything around them turned dark.

Harsh winds blew against the plains and lifted up all the dry leaves from the ground. It felt like the end of the world. At that moment, five blue beams shot off the five stones and slowly merged together, forming a bloody red giant portal in the center of the five stones. It looked like a pool of blood, and a yellow light was looming inside of it.

It was the portal to Tristram, where the ‘obscene’ old man Cain was locked up.

Fei stood there and sighed, “The way that these five stones shone was quite frightening, they made a large haze.”

Elena was quite shocked as well.

The things she saw when following Fei for the past two hours were way more exciting than what she had experienced the past twenty one years.

“After we go through the portal, there will be a ton of monsters and demons. Be careful and follow me tightly, don’t rush forward……” Fei turned around and told Elena. He felt that he didn’t stress hard enough, so he continued, “Remember, if things get too dangerous, just turn around and escape from here. Don’t be so stubborn.”

According to the plot, Tristram had already been destroyed by the awaken Diablo, and it turned into a paradise for monsters and demons. The great paladin Griswald had also fallen here and turned into a powerful demon; he was the boss in Tristram. If Fei wanted to rescue Cain successfully, it was going to take some effort. Fei was confident that he could sweep out all the monsters at Tristram by taking it slowly. He had about 20 【Minor Healing Potions】 in his 【Item Slot】. They were enough to support Fei and Elena in the upcoming battle.

However, if the situation became dangerous, he might not be able to protect Elena. If this magic archer was surrounded by monsters, she would surely be torn into pieces. That’s why Fei reminded Elena about her safety so many times.

After Fei said that, he stepped into the portal and disappeared from 【Stoney Field】.

Elena’s heart warmed. Although there was nothing special about what Fei said, she felt his care – care directed at someone close.

“He is the one that deserves my effort and sacrifice.”

She pondered for a little while, and then a resolute expression appeared on her face, as if she had made some sort of decision. She then quickly stepped into the portal.

……

……

At Chambord.

The sun was about to rise to the center of the sky.

The mysterious, black armoured enemies still didn’t move. The sea of enemies occupied the bridge on Zuli River. Like a huge black snake hissing with its scarlet forked tongue, they were waiting for the best moment to strike.

The pressure on the defensive wall was constantly increasing. There was no noise on the wall aside from the flow of the river. Everyone tensed up.

The soldiers and young adults were sweating like crazy. Their previously hyped morale had died down to a dangerous level after a few hours of waiting. Although Brook had the soldiers rotate every twenty minutes, the pressure was torturing and tiring everyone out.

The enemies had no sign of sieging. The constant silence was like an invisible knife stabbing at the soldiers’ mental state, slowly cutting away their morale and bravery.

Brook’s heart began sinking as time gradually passed. Pierce carried the [King’s Sword] and walked back and forth anxiously in front of the watchtower. Everyone was looking through the broken wall of the watchtower. Their eyes focused on the young man who was ‘meditating’.

It was King Alexander who had miraculously recovered. If someone said that there was still hope for Chambord at this tragic moment, then that hope would definitely come from the king.

Even the number one warrior in Chambord Lampard couldn’t provide everyone the sense of security they needed, but somehow, the previously retarded king had comforted their hearts which were filled with fear.

……

……

Back at Tristram.

Right after Fei stepped out of the portal, a bunch of 【Skeletons】 surrounded him with their blades and started hacking at him.

“Damn, there’s this many? And they’re this aggressive?”

Fei swore in his mind, then quickly swung his axe. He struck horizontally and ‘Boom!’, the three closest 【Skeletons】 were smashed into bone fragments.

The real challenge had yet to come. The rest of the 【Skeletons】 flooded towards them. Behind the 【Skeletons】 were the 【Zombies】 that moved at a slower pace, and the 【Fallen Shermans】 that had a lot of armour. The monsters and demons in Tristram were mutated, and their damage and defense increased exponentially.

However, Fei was very strong. Everywhere his axe moved, monsters screamed and died brutally, but his attack speed was still not fast enough. He was wounded in between his attacks and his health was quickly dropping. It scared the crap out of Fei; he used warcry – 【Howl】 to scare away the monsters near him and give him the chance to chug some 【Health Potions】.

The effect of 【Howl】 quickly wore off and the monsters charged again.

At this moment –

“Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh -!”

Frost arrows flew at the monsters like hail.

Elena finally came out of the portal. She pulled her bow rapidly and the nearby monsters all froze.

“Keep your distance, don’t rush. Stay behind me!” Fei yelled to Elena as he charged towards the monsters again and blocked them off so Elena could keep a safe distance and deal consistent damage.

Fei used 【Howl】 every time the monsters got too close; when they were affected by 【Howl】 and started to run off, Fei chased them and chopped off as many heads as possible. Once the effect wore off, he would repeat the same thing over and over again.

After about twenty minutes, the crowd of lower leveled monsters were swept out.

Fei finally had a chance to look at the town of Tristram. Tristram was destroyed and in ruins. The once bustling city was no more. The ground was filled with cracks, the buildings had collapsed and hell fire burned everywhere, causing black smoke to rise into the dark sky. The residents of the town had been killed by the monsters and turned into blood seeking demons and undead. They wandered about and charged at Fei and Elena when they saw the pair.

The final boss of Tristram was the fallen paladin Griswald. He was powerful and hard to kill. However, he hid in a ruined building and guarded Cain who was caged. This gave Fei sometime to prepare for the final battle.

Fei and Elena walked slowly, trying to not disturb the big boss. Eventually, they had encountered a crowd of 【Skeleton Archers】. These archers were very smart, unlike the 【Skeletons】 that only knew how to charge. They would only shoot arrows from far away, and a majority of them wouldn’t come closer to Fei and Elena. Some of the 【Skeleton Archers】 snuck up on Fei and Elena to attack them.

Fei signalled Elena to back off, and then switched to his secondary weapons.

A yellow light flashed.

【Azure Spiked Shield】 and 【Storm Sabre】 appeared in Fei’s hands. He quickly charged and stuck his sword into a 【Skeleton Archer】’s head who was sneaking up on them, and then forcefully shook his sword.

Last Chapter



* * *





Chapter 37




Chapter 37: Master, Please don’t fire me!

“Hu-”

The 【Skeleton Archer】 shriveled and all the white bones turned dark green. This was the special effect of poison damage from 【Storm Sabre】. Also, with the additional damage the sword dealt to the undead, the poor 【Skeleton Archer】 didn’t even have the chance to return any damage, shattering into bones fragments.

Fei’s sneak attack worked. He gave it a taste of its own medicine. While Fei was enjoying the feeling of accomplishment, the crowd of【Skeleton Archers】 further away reacted.

“Bing, bing, bing-” All their bowstrings stretched and numerous arrows flew at Fei like rain drops in a storm.

“It’s starting!” Fei held up his 【Azure Spiked Shield】, blocking the arrows while backing off rapidly. He was planning to disrupt the 【Skeleton Archers】 formation and kill them off one by one.

However-

“Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh, whoosh!”

Blue ice arrows flew towards the 【Skeleton Archers】 behind Fei. He turned around and realized that Elena didn’t follow his instruction to back off, but rather approached the 【Skeleton Archers】 while returning fire.

“Shit!” Fei knew they were in trouble.

This was the first time Elena didn’t listen to Fei. It seemed like she didn’t know the hidden dangers in Tristram. If she continued attacking back, it wouldn’t kill all the tricky 【Skeleton Archers】. Rather, it would put Fei and herself in a dangerous situation. There were two mini-bosses hidden in the crowd, and their arrows dealt high damage and carried magic effects. One shot ice arrows similar to Elena’s arrow, which slowed movement and attack speed; the other shot lightning arrows that chunked a large portion of health. Even for Barbarian Fei who had a lot of health, he didn’t dare fight them directly. He planned to chug 【Health Potions】 as he fought them guerrilla style. If luck wasn’t on his side, he could potentially disturb monsters and demons in the other areas of Tristram. |If the final boss Griswald was disturbed, the consequences would be disastrous.

“Get back! Quickly!” Fei yelled at Elena, signalling her to back off.

However, it was a bit late. The 【Skeleton Archers】 noticed the mercenary. The terrifying ‘arrow rain’ covered Elena as well.

Elena didn’t have anywhere near the armor that Fei had, nor did she have a shield. Although she tried to dodge the arrows, a few arrows pierced her body. Blood started flowing out of her wounds and quickly stained her blue leather armour.

“Master……The quest is more important, don’t worry about me……I will attract their attention. You can go from the side and rescue Mr. Cain! Please go!”

The arrows were still penetrating her body. She was sweating a lot due to the unbearable pain. Her face was pale, but her expression showed determination. She shook her head and bit on her beautiful red long hair to endure the pain. However, her hand movements didn’t slow down because of the injuries, and she returned damage consistently even though the numbers of wounds on her body was increasing.

Her armour was getting soaked in her blood, but Elena was like a Goddess of War that just wouldn’t back off. There was no fear on her face, but rather hatred in her eyes. Step by step, Elena was getting closer to the crowd of 【Skeleton Archers】.

But at this moment –

“Crackle !”

One of the mini-bosses 【Bone Warrior Archer】 reacted. A life threatening lighting arrow hit Elena accurately. The mercenary’s body shook. She almost instantly fell to the ground. Since she was now standing in the same spot, her health bar was dropping like crazy under the rain of arrows.

“Shit!”

Fei was worried about her. He ignored the arrows flying at him and sprinted towards Elena and held her in his arms. He then poured a bottle of 【Minor Healing Potion】 down her throat as he used his battle cry -【Howl】 to scare away the monsters approaching them. Then, he quickly used a 【Town Portal Scroll】. As the monsters started to flood onto them, he quickly jumped into the blue oval portal with Elena.

“Buzz, buzz”

They had luckily escaped from death and returned to 【Rogue Encampment】.

Because of the 【Minor Healing Potion】, Elena had almost fully recovered, and her mind was clear. Fei on the other hand was heavily injured on his back. The ice and lightning arrows from the mini-bosses almost paralyzed him. Although he wasn’t dead, he only had 30 health left after all the bleeding; a couple more arrows could have killed him.

It was a very scary situation. Fei didn’t know if he could revive or not and whether he would die in the real world as well if he died in the Diablo World.

“Man, I can’t act like a hero all the time!”

Fei smelled the light fragrance from Elena’s body, but he had no time to enjoy it at all. He grabbed a bottle of 【Minor Healing Potion】 and drank it himself. He threw one towards Elena, and then pulled the arrows out of his back. Blood was spurting out again, so he had to drink one more bottle to counter the pain.

Luckily, 【Minor Healing Potions】 tasted sweet and had no side-effects.

“Holy, damn this pain…… Hey beauty, why won’t you listen? I told you from the beginning to back off, didn’t I?”

Fei’s health was full again. Fei had to blame the hot mercenary; if she had listened, they wouldn’t be in this situation.

Elena lowered her head and tears filled her eyes. She didn’t talk back. She didn’t drink the 【Minor Healing Potion】 either. She held it in her hands because she didn’t want to drink such a precious potion. The injuries on her body weren’t fully recovered and she was on the verge of crying. Fei’s heart softened as he saw that, so he didn’t blame her anymore.

“It’s okay, just drink the potion……Oh, right. You don’t have to follow me back to Tristram later. I won’t be able to take care of you there. When I finish the quest, I will come back and find you.”

After some thinking, Fei decided to leave Elena at the camp and complete the quest alone. If both of them went, Fei really wouldn’t be able to watch out for her. An archer wouldn’t be effective when dealing with a group of archers. If the 【Skeleton Archers】 kept on harassing them, they wouldn’t be able to cooperate very well and the hot mercenary could be surrounded by monsters and torn into pieces.

However, Elena misunderstood Fei’s meaning.

“Ah? No! Please don’t fire me, master……Next time……Next time, I can watch out for myself……I can protect myself……I……”

Elena’s panic surprised Fei. This was probably the first time she spoke that much to Fei.

Since a long time ago, Tristram had fallen, so the road to the east was blocked by all the monsters. The rogues in the encampment could only get items and potions from travellers like Fei to maintain the existence of the camp on the moor. The items and potions that blacksmith Charsi and leader Akara made weren’t enough to support the whole camp.

The accumulated resources throughout the whole history of the camp had depleted in the past 60 years when all the travellers disappeared. If this continued, the camp would be conquered by monsters and demons and fall within a year.

Fei’s appearance in 【Rogue Encampment】 was an opportunity for the camp to survive. He was the first traveller that stepped foot in the camp after 60 years. These travellers could get items and potions from the moor that the rogues would never get. This was the reason why Kaysha was willing to provide mercenaries for Fei, a complete stranger in the camp, despite knowing that numerous rogues were used and humiliated by the travellers.

This was all for the survival of the camp and its residents. Someone had to make the sacrifice. Elena wasn’t the strongest of all the female rogues, but she was definitely the prettiest and hottest. To maintain cooperation with Fei, any type of sacrifice had to be made – including the female rogue’s life and body.

If Elena unfortunately died on the moor or during an adventure, other female rogues would take her place to maintain the connection between Fei and the camp.

This was the cruelty of the Diablo World – the brutal ‘Law of the Jungle’.

That was how the small encampment could survive throughout history, and how the residents were able to live on.

Without a doubt, Fei was the only hope and light in the 【Rogue Encampment】 that was approaching eternal darkness. No matter how many sacrifices they had to make, the leaders of the encampment were willing to make it.

Of course, Fei didn’t know about this. This was why the normally calm and quiet Elena was so anxious when she thought Fei was firing her.

If she offended the traveller, it would bring an immeasurable loss to the encampment. Moreover, Fei had been very caring towards her the past two hours, which was thousands of times better than working for the despicable travellers she had heard about in tales. Elena was also getting used to fighting alongside of Fei. She cherished the opportunity to be Fei’s mercenary.

Last Chapter



* * *





Chapter 38




Chapter 38: Initiation of the Plan

“Fire you? I didn’t say I was going to fire you.”

Fei was confused by Elena’s panicked expression, “Elena, you must’ve understood me wrong. I’m only planning on fighting the monsters by myself. When I finish this quest, I will take you to complete my next quest.”

“But I……”

After getting an explanation from Fei, Elena was a bit relieved. However, she was still trying to convince Fei to let her join, partially because she didn’t want to be separated from Fei, and partially because abandoning a master was really shameful for female rogues.

“Okay, my time is tight, so I’ll explain the details next time.”

Although Fei loved being around the hot mercenary, there was no time to waste considering all the dangers in the real world. He cut her off and stepped into the portal. To make sure that Elena didn’t follow him, he even shut down the portal right after he stepped back into Tristram.

Elena stared at the place where the portal was at. The expressions on her face were complex. There was remorse, disappointment……and happiness. A smile came onto her face as she blushed subconsciously.

……

……

“Roar!”

The first thing Fei did after he shut down the portal was use his warcry – 【Howl】.

It was really effective. A mysterious and terrifying power spread around him as he roared. It scared the 【Skeleton Archers】 who were staring at the portal and they began to scatter and flee.

“This is the chance!”

Fei charged at them and smashed his axe blade into their backs. A couple skeletons were instantly killed. After about 10 seconds, 【Howl】 wore off and the monsters turned around and rushed back at him.

Fei used 【Howl】 again. In the Diablo World, as long as characters had enough resources (Fury/Mana), they could spam their abilities; there weren’t any cooldowns or chants requirements. Fei had prepared a few bottles of 【Minor Mana Potions】, allowing him to use 【Howl】 as many times as he needed.

After the eleventh 【Howl】, the 【Skeleton Archers】 were cleaned out. On the ground, there were two blue magic items from the two mini-bosses and a lot of other ordinary items. Fei didn’t identify them and simply threw them into his 【Item Slot】.

As he got closer to the center of Tristram, a new type of monster appeared – 【Tainted】.

They looked like Ipotanes from Greek Mythology, half human and half goat – except that they had a bull head in place of a human head. Their huge scythes dealt tons of damage.

However, these types of melee monsters were not a threat to Barbarians.

Fei continued using his ‘cheap’ 【Howl】 tactic and cleared the crowd of 【Tainted】. There was also a mini-boss 【Tainted Leader】 who had a lot of health, but Fei easily killed it. Two more blue magic items dropped, but Fei had no time to pick them up.

All the noise from battling the 【Skeleton Archers】 and 【Tainted】 had drawn the attention of the final boss of Tristram – Griswald.

The former Paladin rushed out of a ruined building covered in hellfire. Griswald had turned into a demon. The difference between the other demons and monsters and him was that Griswald still looked like a human. There were no obvious signs of demonification, aside from his bloodshot eyes. Death, cruetly, violence, viciousness and bloodiness were the only emotions Fei could see from Griswald’s eyes. Griswald looked terrifying.

Griswald was a powerful Paladin. After his fall, he became even stronger. Although he lost the blessings from the God, his new demonic powers made him even more vicious and effective as a killing machine. He was fast; after he saw Fei, he roared as he charged at him. His fist came at Fei like lightning.

Fei blocked the punch with his shield.

“Boom!”

Fei felt a large amount of force against his shield. He was knocked back a couple steps despite his strength as a barbarian. He also felt a burning sensation, which quickly spread throughout his body. Fei felt like his blood was burning inside of him; pain seeped deep into his bones. This was the demonic power that Griswald had acquired – additional hellfire damage that could penetrate shields.

Fei switched weapons and the huge double handed axe appeared in his hands.

“Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh!” Fei struck three times. Light reflected off the sharp edges of the axe. All three strikes hit Griswald and the brutal strength left three startling wounds on his body. The final boss roared in pain; the attack lowered the boss’s health bar by about one-tenth.

“Haha, awesome! If I can hit him about twenty five more times, he’ll be dead.”

Fei was excited because he had a chance of defeating the final boss. He chugged a bottle of 【Minor Healing Potion】 and held against a round of Griswald’s aggressive attacks. He swung his axe aggressively at Griswald, but only two strikes hit this time.

Fortunately, the fallen Paladin wasn’t too smart. Although he had formidable strength and power, he wasn’t able to utilize them properly. He could only throw powerful punches at Fei, which weren’t too hard to deal with.

Fei constantly backed away as he fought. Both of them were soon outside of town.

This way, even if there was a lot of noise during the battle, it wouldn’t attract the monsters and demons in the ruined buildings. If all the monsters in town were attracted, the situation would be too dangerous.

Just to be safe, Fei turned around and sprinted away to gain some extra distance. He used a 【Town Portal Scroll】 to open up the portal back to 【Rogue Encampment】. If the situation became too dangerous, he could chug a bottle of 【Minor Healing Potion】 and run back to camp.

However, he soon found out that he was being overcautious. After chugging four bottles of 【Minor Healing Potion】, Fei successfully killed the final boss of Tristram.

Griswald fell down as Fei landed his axe on top of his head. Lots of gold coins and items dropped from the corpse.

The lights almost blinded Fei’s eyes, but he spotted a green item.

“Damn! A set item?”

Fei was surprised by his luck. Green items belonged to a set. These items were really hard to get. Although Fei was expecting something good from the final boss, he was still surprised that he actually got a green set item.

He couldn’t wait to pick it up and take a closer look. It was an exquisite looking armour and green light shined all over it, but it needed an identification to reveal all the properties.

Fei used a 【Identity Scroll】 without any hesitation.

“Ding!” The name and properties appeared in front of Fei.

【Arctic Furs】

Defence: + 48

Durability: 20/20

Required Strength: 12

Required Level: 2

Special Properties: + 303% Enhanced defence, +10 all Resistance.

Note: The set includes: 【Arctic Furs】, 【Arctic Binding】, 【Arctic Horn】, 【Arctic Mitts】. Bonus properties will be granted based on how many set items are equipped.

……

The result was a little bit disappointing.

【Arctic Furs】 was an item in the set 【Arctic Gear】. It was a perfect set for Amazons, but it didn’t fit a Barbarian.

However, the properties of 【Arctic Furs】 was quite good; it was way better than the armour Fei was wearing. The enhanced defense and resistance were valuable, so he equipped it right away.

Aside from this green set item, there was a yellow rare item and a couple blue magic items.

However, Fei didn’t pick them up.

After eliminating the boss Griswald, the 【Skeleton Archers】 and the 【Taints】, there weren’t any other monsters and demons that were a threat to Fei. He decided to rescue Cain first. There wasn’t anyone who was going to steal his items.

Fei rested his axe on his shoulders and walked back to Tristram.

A bunch of screaming 【Spike Fiends】 charged at Fei, but they all turned into experience for Fei in a few seconds. Soon after, 【Zombies】 followed in their steps; after about five minutes, all the monsters and demons were wiped out.

Fei found Cain locked up in a cage on a tree at the centre of Tristram.

“Save me! Young traveller, come and save me!”

After he saw Fei, Cain started screaming as if he had swallowed some Viagra and saw someone running around naked. His pitch was so high that his voice was more painful to listen to than the monsters. It sounded like someone was poking his butthole with a stick.

“Whoosh!”

Fei swung his axe and the rope that held the cage to the tree was cut in half.

The wooden cage fell to the ground and broke into pieces.

The ‘obscene’ old man rushed out of the cage. He didn’t even say thanks; he opened up a portal and ran into it like a mad dog.

“Damn this old man, he didn’t even say thanks!”

Fei stared at the portal that quickly closed. Fei had to give Cain some credit for his running speed; even Fei couldn’t run that fast as a strong barbarian.

Fei stuck up his middle finger at where the portal was to express his feelings. After that, Fei started cleaning up the battlefield. He threw all the items into his 【Item slot】 and returned to 【Rogue Encampment】 using the portal that he opened when he was fighting Griswald.

He didn’t know where Elena went; she wasn’t anywhere close to the portal. Fei decided to go to Akara to get his rewards for the quest.

The reward was simple. The cheap priestess gave Fei a VIP discount on everything she sold, and Cain who Fei had just rescued would identify items for him for free.

Compared to the complexity of the quest, the rewards were severely lacking, akin to something given to a beggar. “Akara and Cain are both cheap to the core!” Fei thought.

He started distributing his attributes and skill points after that. After he killed the fallen Paladin Griswald, Fei had become level 12. It exceeded Fei’s goal of level 10 when he entered the world. A portion of the experience was from the bonus of having Elena as his follower.

The 25 attributes points were distributed as ⅗ to 【Strength】 and ⅖ to 【Vitality】. For the five precious skill points, Fei added one point to 【Taunt】, which taunts a monster into fighting you, one point to 【Sword Mastery】, one point to 【Polearm Mastery】 and two points to 【Leap】, which allows Fei to jump and knock back enemies where he lands.

After all of that, Fei took a look at his 【Character Status】-

Gamer: Fei

Class: Barbarian

Level: 12

Experience: 95414/112725

Strength: 66

Dexterity: 20

Intelligence: 10

Vitality: 44

Damage: 30-55

Accuracy: 169

Defence: 77

Endurance: 37

Health: 157

Resource (Fury): 19

Fire-Resistance: 10

Cold-Resistance: 10

Lightning-Resistance: 25

Poison-Resistance: 10

……

These stats comforted Fei. From past experience, a level 12 Barbarian was about a two star warrior in the real world; but with all of his additional skills, he could fight a three star warrior without a problem. Fei was confident that he could force Landes back without being injured the next time he fought him.

Of course, Fei could only force him back. If he want to defeat or even kill him, he need to be around level 20.

……

Fei went to the free labourer Cain to get all his items identified. Cain had a lot to say, but Fei’s time was tight. After all the identification was done, Fei quickly ran off before Cain could even stop him.

He went into an unoccupied tent to take a more detailed look at all the items.

The yellow rare item was a short bow. It looked simple, but was very classy. It was called 【Boreal Razor Bow】. It had great properties, but Fei couldn’t use it.

He thought that Elena could probably use it, so he decided to give the bow to her as a present the next time he saw her. “If she’s really touched……Eh……Could I make out with girls in the Diablo World?” Fei thought shamelessly.

The rest of the blue magic items were mediocre, so he sold all of them to the blacksmith Charsi. With an additional 20,000 gold coins, Fei now had a total of 40,080 gold coins.

After everything was set and done, he initiated his plan.

He went to Akara first and bought 5 bottles of 【Normal Healing Potions】 which were more effective than 【Minor Healing Potions】, and 2 bottles of 【Stamina Potions】 at a 10% discount. He then went back to the unoccupied tent and tried to communicate with the cold, mysterious voice in his head.

“Are you there? I need to convert five bottles of 【Normal Healing Potions】, 2 bottles of 【Stamina Potions】 and 1 【Town Scroll Portal】.”

Silence.

After five, six seconds, the voice responded –

“As you wish……Each bottle of 【Normal Healing Potion】 costs 5,000 gold coins to convert with a success rate of 25%. Each bottle of 【Stamina Potion】 costs 2,000 gold coins to convert with a success rate of 35%…… Your level is not high enough to convert 【Town Scroll Portals】……The total is 29,000 gold coins. Confirmation needed.”

The price was within the expectation of Fei. The only thing surprised him was that he couldn’t convert 【Town Scroll Portals】 because of his level. “So there are other factors other than money and success rate… I just haven’t discovered them all yet.” Fei thought.

But from the voice’s response, Fei discovered some patterns –

The more valuable and complex an item was, the higher the cost, lower the success rate and more restrictions it had. Compared to 【Normal Healing Potion】 which costed 5,000 gold coins to convert with the success rate of 25%, 【Stamina Potion】 were less valuable, so it only costed 2,000 gold coins to convert and the success rate was 30%.

“Do you still want to convert?”

After not getting a response from Fei right away, the voice asked again. This time, it sounded a bit impatient.

“Yes, confirm!”

Fei answered quickly as the voice stopped his train of thought.

“Ding! Conversion calculating……Sufficient gold coins…… 5 bottles of 【Normal Healing Potions】 with success rate of 25%……Calculating……2 bottles converted successfully, 3 bottles failed to convert……2 bottles of 【Stamina Potions】 with success rate of 30%……Calculating……1 bottle converted successfully, 1 bottle failed to convert.”

______________

If you have time, you can support us through Adfly too: Chapter 38 Adfly

Last Chapter



* * *





Chapter 39




Chapter 39: Sorcerer, Paladin and Necromancer

The cold mysterious voice gave Fei an answer right away.

After spending 29,000 gold coins, he finally converted 2 bottles of 【Normal Healing Potions】 and 1 bottle of 【Stamina Potion】 into the real world. The end result made Fei feel really salty, despite mentally preparing himself for such a result because of the 25% and 30% success rates. The loss was pretty significant.

However, after carefully considering the poor success rate, he comforted himself, “2 bottles of 【Normal Healing Potions】 and 1 bottle of 【Stamina Potion】 are better than nothing, I guess.”

There was less than two hours left until he reached the maximum ‘gaming’ time for today. He decided to exit his Barbarian character. After a feeling of zero gravity, his vision blurred for a second. Soon, his vision cleared and he was back at the 3D projected character selection screen.

Fei discovered that there were some tiny changes – the barbarian character was wearing new items he just got from Tristram and the character looked tougher and bigger than the other six level 0 characters.

“It looks like the screen reflects everything that goes on in the Diablo World.”

Fei also found out that there could only be one character per class. Because the Barbarian and Sorcerer classes had already entered the Diablo World, Fei couldn’t create any characters in those two classes.

This seemed to reveal something, but Fei didn’t have much time to spend thinking about it.

He chose the Sorcerer character and re-entered the Diablo World.

After the light buzzing noise and the feeling of zero gravity, Fei stepped back onto the starter’s map – 【Rogue Encampment】.

After some close observation, Fei found that this camp seemed like a parallel universe to the universe that the Barbarian character was in. All the plots were in their initial stage. Quests like 【The Den of Evil】, 【Sisters’ Burial Grounds】 and 【Search for Cain】 were still not completed yet. They were all waiting for Sorcerer Fei to finish.

Because of all the experience Fei had on these quests when he was a Barbarian, Fei started them right away. He rushed to the new Akara and received the quest 【The Den of Evil】 and went straight to 【Blood Moor】 to level up the Sorcerer character.

After 30 minutes, Fei completed his first quest. He returned from 【Blood Moor】 and received one skill point as the reward.

At this point, his sorcerer was already level 3. While killing monsters on the moor, they dropped items such as normal armour and gloves. He equipped all the items he could use and kept the rest in his 【Item Slot】 to be sold later.

He also had 4 skill points. After some thinking, he put 1 point into 【Fire Skill – Fire Bolt】, 1 point into 【Lightning Skill – Charged Bolt】 and 2 points into 【Cold Skill – Ice Bolt】.

After he did that, he didn’t return to the moor. He exited the Diablo World again and re-entered as a Paladin.

After the same buzzing noise and zero gravity, he landed in 【Rogue Encampment】 again.

As expected, it was another parallel universe. The plot and quests were back at their initial stage and yet another new Akara had given him the quest 【The Den of Evil】.

Paladin Fei rushed to 【Blood Moor】 to complete the quest. With the new experience of completing the quest as Sorcerer Fei, he completed this quest even faster. He wiped out all the monsters in the den in less than 15 minutes. Also, he visited every spot on 【Blood Moor】 and executed the three empty policy – empty out all the monsters, empty out all the gold coins and empty out all the items.

He reached level 3 again when he returned to 【Rogue Encampment】 and got 4 skill points after he received his reward from Akara.

Fei opened up the skill tree of the Paladin. After careful consideration, he added 2 points to 【Offensive Aura – Might】, which increases all the damage dealt by team members, and 2 points to 【Defensive Aura -Prayer】, which heals all team members.

After finishing all those things, there was less than 50 minutes left in his daily time limit.

He exited the World again and switched to Necromancer.

【Rogue Encampment】

Another parallel universe.

Necromancer Fei got the quest from another new Akara and went straight into the 【Den of Evil】 on 【Blood Moor】.

It was the fourth time he was doing the same quest. He killed the boss Corpsefire in less than 10 minutes and returned to camp.

At level 3 and with the additional skill point from Akara, he again had 4 skill points.

Fei received a wand when he spawned as a Necromancer, which gave him a point to the skill 【Summoning Skill – Raise Skeleton】, which raises one skeleton from a dead body to fight. Therefore, he put 3 points into 【Poison Skill – Teeth】 which summons multiple projectiles that damages enemies and 1 point into 【Curse – Amplify Damage】, which increases the damage enemies take.

The reason he distributed the points like that was to use them in the battle that was about to happen in the real world.

Of course, the skill Fei needed the most was 【Poison Skill – Corpse Explosion】, which explodes a nearby corpse and damages all nearby enemies.

However, after considering the existence of the Holy Church on Azeroth Continent, Necromancers were probably considered to be evil and burned alive like what the churches did to heresies and ‘witches’ during the medieval period.

Those were just Fei’s predictions, but it was never a bad thing to be extra careful. From Brook’s and Angela’s description, the Holy Church on the Continent had dominant powers. It was best to avoid them as much as possible.

Some of the Necromancer skills like 【Raise Skeleton】 were too obvious and could not be used in the real world, but 【Corpse Explosion】 was quite hidden, so it could be really effective during wars. Corpses were things that were never lacking during a war, and those corpses were like grenades in the eyes of Necromancers. They dealt a ton of damage and were very sneaky.

Therefore, the reason why Fei chose Necromancer, the ‘most dangerous’ occupation on the continent after acknowledging the existence of the Holy Church was for the skill 【Corpse Explosion】.

But when Fei was distributing skill points, he almost collapsed when he found out that 【Corpse Explosion】 required the player to be level 6.

Fei looked at the time.

There was less than 30 minutes in today’s ‘gaming’ time. There was no way Fei could level up 3 times in less than 30 minutes, unless he could find a perfect spot where a ton of high level monsters and demons were at.

Fei thought about it and decided to go and kill 【Blood Raven】.

The burial grounds where 【Blood Raven】 was at had a ton of high level monsters. They were a great source of experience. Although it was quite dangerous for a level 3 Necromancer, Fei felt he could handle it if he was cautious because of the experience he had while playing as a Barbarian.

The situation Chambord was in was dangerous as well, so Fei had to take a risk.

After receiving the quest from Military Leader Kashya, Fei spent all the 800 gold coins he had and bought the necessary items he needed including 【Minor Healing Potions】, 【Minor Mana Potions】 and 【Stamina Potions】.

It became night time in the Diablo World. It was dark on the moor, and Fei couldn’t see anything far away. He could only hear the screams and roars of the monsters and demons.

Fei chugged a bottle of 【Stamina Potion】 when he left the camp and sprinted towards the 【Cold Plain】 where the burial ground was at. The monsters screamed even louder when they noticed Fei on 【Blood Moor】. However, Fei didn’t bother to battle them, as he had to save all his time for the higher leveled monsters in the burial ground.

However, something happened that Fei wasn’t able predict –

The monsters and demons seemed more energetic and aggressive at night time. After being disturbed, they started chasing Fei non-stop as if they were male prisoners that hadn’t seen a woman in more than ten years and Fei was a naked beauty.

Soon, all kinds of monsters – 【Fallen Shamans】, 【Corrupted Rogues】 and 【Wendigoes】 – all joined in the chase.

P.S. This is the last chapter in the Diablo world for a while.

_____________

If you have time, you can support us through Adfly too: Chapter 39 Adfly

Last Chapter



* * *





Chapter 40




Chapter 40: Return of the King

(If you have time, you can support us through Adfly too: Chapter 40 Adfly)

In a few minutes, almost all the monsters on the moor had joined in the ‘parade’, as if they were celebrating something significant. When Fei reached the junction between 【Blood Moor】 and 【Cold Plain】, there were three to four hundred monsters and demons chasing him.

“Damn!”

Fei was so happy when he saw this. Although these monsters were low level, the massive amount of them would still give him a huge amount of experience. He stopped running and started clearing the monsters. He waved his wand.

Poison Skill – 【Teeth】

“ Whirr-”

A cloud of cold death energy flowed out of the wand. Three teeth shaped bones appeared out of nowhere; they were covered in death energy and shot towards the monsters as they followed a strange trajectory in the air. The thirty 【Fallen Shamans】 who were leading the “

‘parade’ were shattered into pieces.

Fei waved the wand again. Another cloud of cold death energy formed.

Summoning Skill – 【Raise Skeleton】

“Crack, crack -”

Energy surrounded a 【Fallen Shaman】 corpse and began moving. Soon, its flesh burst open and a skeleton that was holding a bone blade in its left hand and a bone shield in its right hind rose up. It blocked the monsters’ path perfectly. It was fast, too; it swung its blade and killed a couple 【Fallen Shamans】 that were close to it.

While his skeleton warrior blocked off the ‘monster army’, Fei was abusing 【Teeth】. Numerous teeth shaped bones shot out into the crowd of monsters.

Fei didn’t even have to target anything; there were so many monsters that as long as Fei faced the right direction, the skill would be able to shatter a couple of them. 【Teeth】 had a penetration effect, so it could kill at least a couple monsters in a line.

After six seconds, the skeleton warrior that Necromancer Fei summoned was smashed into fragments by the monsters. Fei turned around and sprinted to gain some distance from the army.

He summoned another skeleton warrior to block the path and once again shot many 【Teeth】 into the monsters. The process was repeated a couple times.

Although there were some dangerous situations, Fei was able to react quickly. Also, with more than ten bottles of 【Minor Healing Potions】 and 【Minor Mana Potions】, he could easily live.

After five minutes, the last monster in the army screamed as it fell into a pool of its own blood. Fei glanced at the battlefield filled with broken limbs and shattered organs. The monsters’ and demons’ blood soiled the ground. Rain with all the blood, and the only colour Fei could see was red. The stench of blood and flesh filled Fei’s nose.

It was a one sided massacre, but Fei only felt numb. He felt like he was getting used killing and death. He evolved from a university student who felt dizzy after seeing any blood to a ‘Super Butcher’ whose mental state wasn’t affected even if millions of people were killed.

Beside the corpses, there were also gold coins and items soaked in the rain and blood.

Because these monsters were all low leveled, there weren’t any good stuff. Time was tight; Fei glanced through them and threw the four blue magic items into his 【Item Slot】; he didn’t bother keeping the rest.

There were less than 15 minutes left. The cold wind blew at Fei after he stepped onto 【Cold Plain】. The monsters here were stronger and more aggressive. Fei chugged a bottle of 【Stamina Potion】 and started running again. Just like on the 【Blood Moor】, monsters started chasing Fei after he made too much noise.

For the first time, Fei discovered the effect of running in the Diablo World at night time. It was way more realistic than the original game and the monsters were more flexible and lively than the original programmed codes.

Halfway to the burial ground, Fei had to stop and deal with the monsters that were chasing him. If too many monsters chased him, Fei didn’t think he could handle all of them at once, even though they were still lower level and there weren’t any mini-bosses in the crowd. A single man was no match for an army. If their numbers were large enough, ants could take out an elephant.

Fei stopped and used the same tactic –

He summoned a skeleton warrior to hold off the monsters and shot a lot of 【Teeth】 behind it.

The first four minutes went smoothly. The monsters fell and died like crops under Fei’s deathly tactic, and the number of monsters became a lot smaller. But the situation suddenly changed –

Maybe it was because the other monsters heard the noises from the battlefield and the desperate screams from their own; numerous monsters rushed into battle from all directions. A single skeleton warrior wasn’t enough to hold them off. Fei had to start running around, chugging potions while dodging attacks and using 【Teeth】 to fight back.

“Damn, why are they so active at night? They must had taken Viagra……”

Fei was feeling the pressure.

Although he wasn’t in much danger, there was no time to waste. If this continued, he wouldn’t be able to get to the burial ground and kill 【Blood Raven】 on time. His goal of getting to level 6 and learning 【Corpse Explosion】 before leaving the Diablo world was probably not going to be accomplished.

After Fei thought about it, he increased his spell casting speed, but there were just too many monsters to be killed. After a couple of them died, even more monsters would join the chase. Ultimately, Fei had killed a lot of monsters, but even more monsters chased after him.

“Damn it! I didn’t kill your families did I?”

Fei was getting frustrated. He used his wand as a stick to strike a couple monsters that were getting too close to him and kept spamming his 【Teeth】 and 【Raise Skeleton】 skills; he was lucky that there were no cooldowns for spells in the Diablo World. He could use skills as frequent as he liked as long as he had enough mana.

Fei danced in between monsters while chugging 【Minor Healing Potions】 and 【Minor Mana Potions】.

The monsters were still lower level on 【Cold Plain】 and there were barely any ranged attack monsters and demons. Fei was able to hold himself together in this situation.

“Shit! I’ll never get to 【Blood Raven】 at this speed……”

After checking the time, Fei knew that there were only a couple minutes left.

Sure enough, after about five minutes, that cold, mysterious voice appeared in Fei’s mind –

“Gamer Fei, you have reached the maximum gaming time for today, please be ready to leave Diablo world in 10……9……8……”

Fei felt helpless.

He wasn’t able to level up to level 6 after all; he had been level 5 for a while now and needed a little bit more experience to reach level 6. He was so close to 【Corpse Explosion】, which could help him defeat the enemies that surrounded Chambord……

“Fuck these Viagra eating bastards!”

Fei was pissed. He shot as many 【Teeth】 into the crowd of monsters as he could before he had to leave. The energy covered sharp bones were shot into the spot where the most monsters were at; numerous painful screams emerged……

At this moment, something unexpected happened –

“Ding!”

A clear sound resounded in Fei’s ear.

A beam of white light came down from the sky and embraced Fei. The comfortable sensation filled Fei’s body. All his wounds quickly recovered and his health and mana rose to the max.

Level Up!

Fei had leveled up at the last second.

He was stoked!

He had no time to worry about anything else; all he did in the last second was open up the Necromancer skill tree and add 1 point to 【Corpse Explosion】.

“Looks like my luck is isn’t that bad, hitting my goal at the last second.”

Fei was relieved.

At that moment, everything in his vision twisted. He felt the zero gravity again and darkness hit him. Fei was kicked out of the Diablo World.

….…

……

Chambord Castle.

It was finally noon.

Although it was Autumn, the heat was still unbearable. The dark defensive wall heated up against the sun, as well as the soldiers’ weapons and armour. Some soldiers were so exhausted that they had to sit down and get some rest.

Exhaustion and anxiety were like two mountains that sat over the minds of the soldiers, taking them closer to the point of mental breakdown. The enemies were still not sieging.

However, the soldiers of Chambord felt their vicious and murderous glares. The enemies were like a snake coiling on the stone bridge; they could feel a chill to their bones under the bright sun.

No one knew when the breathtaking pressure was going to end.

No one knew when the bloody battle was going to erupt.

No one knew if the Chambord would be the same after the battle and if they could walk down the stairs of the defensive wall alive and hug their family members who were waiting for them at their doorsteps……

Brook was walking around on the defensive wall, trying to motivate the soldiers. However, it wasn’t that effective. The physiological and mental exhaustion wasn’t going to go away after a talk.

The Second Commander of the King’s Guards quickly found out that his pep talking skills were far from King Alexander’s. The young king could motivate the soldiers after a couple sentences, while Brook had said more than a hundred sentences and barely got any reaction out of the soldiers.

Fatty Gill was breathing heavily while sitting on the ground. He was probably going to die if their family warrior didn’t hold up a sun umbrella for him. Head Minister Bazzer stood behind Gill calmly. He eyes were squinted, and no one knew what he was thinking about……

Warden Oleg was sitting at the spot that Fei commanded him to guard. The chest piece on his armour was taken off by him to use as a fan. He was mumbling something as he flapped his chest piece to create some wind. He looked at the enemies over the river and looked at the head warrior Lampard as if he was planning something. However, after he saw the corpse of Conca still nailed onto the wall of the watchtower, he tucked in his neck.

Pierce had the [King’s Sword] strapped on his back. He was walking around the watchtower anxiously.

As time passed and the temperature on the defensive wall rose, he became more and more impatient. He didn’t know that the king was doing in the tower. It was quiet; not a single sound came from within the building. If Pierce wasn’t subdued by Fei, he would already have rushed in to ask what was going on.

At this moment, suddenly –

Three star warrior Lampard was shocked. He felt a strong, yet ghastly power coming from within the watchtower, which really surprised him.

At the same time, one star warrior Oleg felt something too. He felt a terrifying pressure pressing down on him; the pressure was far more than what he could handle. It felt like the stare of the Grim Reaper. He only felt this way when Lampard was enraged. “Lampard isn’t angry right now, could it……could it be Alexander?”

One star warrior Brook felt the same. He looked at the watchtower with excitement.

The person closest to the watchtower was novice mage Gill. As if he saw the thing that he was most scared of, he jumped off the ground in a shock and he trembled. After seeing his son’s reaction, Bazzer opened his eyes suddenly as if he thought of something interesting, and then squinted them again.

Of course, aside from the mages and warriors, the ordinary soldiers didn’t feel anything. This included Pierce.

He only had inhuman strength; although he felt that the atmosphere on the defensive wall had changed a little bit, he couldn’t point out exactly where it was coming from.

……

In the watch tower.

Fei opened his eyes. He looked through the ruined window to check on the enemies. Four hours had passed and the situation Chambord was in was very close to what Fei predicted – The enemy’s commander was like a dormant cobra, still waiting for the best moment to strike.

The situation was still frozen. It was up to the quality of the soldiers at this point.

Compared to the well trained enemies, the defensive power of Chambord were like novices, regardless of whether it was the King’s guard or the newly recruited young adults. As time passed by, the gap between the strength of the attackers and defenders only grew wider, and the enemies seemed more dangerous and unstoppable.

If Fei wasn’t wrong, the mysterious enemy’s commander was waiting for a perfect time – after lunch, it was the most tiring time of the day for an average person, and it would be a perfect time to siege.

Fei looked up at the sky and knew that there was about twenty minutes left until lunch.

The battle was about to begin. He had to start planning. Fei stood up from the rock he was sitting on. He didn’t walk out of the building right away.

He closed his eyes and searched for the powers he brought out of the Diablo World. From Fei’s experience, aside from the strength of a level 12 Barbarian, he also had the power of a level 3 Sorcerer, a level 3 Paladin and a level 6 Necromancer.

Gradually, he felt something.

A looming, cold, deathly force field surrounded him. It looked mysterious and complex.

It felt really familiar. Fei opened up his hand. Suddenly, a white cloud of death energy formed into a swirl in his palm. It was whining and whirling, as if it was a mini-sized tornado.

“This is… the death energy of the Necromancer.”

Fei was excited. But soon, his eyebrow wrinkled.

He couldn’t feel any power from the Barbarian, Sorcerer and Paladin aside from the Necromancer. Despite how hard he tried, there was no response.

“What’s going on?” Fei close his eyes and thought.

He was nervous, “It shouldn’t……Damn, was my hypothesis about bringing every class to the real world wrong?”

At this moment –

“Hint: Only one character can be usable at a time. If you wish to use the abilities of another character, please switch characters.”

That cold, mysterious voice sounded in Fei’s mind.

“Switch characters?”

Fei was confused. But after thinking about it for a couple seconds, Fei understood what it meant.

“So it’s like this.”

Fei said, “Switch to Barbarian” in his mind.

“Hu-”

Something magical happened the next second.

The white cloud of death energy disappeared from Fei’s palm, and so did the looming, cold, deathly force field.

Fei didn’t feel any Necromancer powers at all; it felt like it never existed. What he could now feel was the ultimate physical strength of a level 12 Barbarian.

__________

Last Chapter



* * *





Chapter 41




Chapter 41: Surprising New Finds

(If you have time, you can support us through Adfly too: Chapter 41 Adfly)

After switching to his Barbarian, all Fei could feel was his brutal physical strength.

It made him felt like he could collapse the firm defensive wall with a single stomp.

“My strength increased so much after I leveled up the Barbarian to level 12……” Fei felt like he was the ocean and could tear up anything in his way. “This is it……This is exactly how I feel as a Barbarian the Diablo World.

This never-ending strength made him feel like Hercules. He glanced down subconsciously. His expression was strange. He gasped as his eyes opened wide, as if he saw an undead creature walking around in the real world.

He found something unimaginable.

Not sure when, but the heavy knight armour he was wearing in the real world was gone, it was replaced with a exquisite looking armour. The style of the armour was exotic, it was made with an unknown material. There were a lot of mysterious symbols all over the armour and it they all shined a green light; there was a strong magic energy in it.

Except the armour, he was also wearing a pair of leather boots, helmet, gloves, belt……

Fei recognized them all.

“These……these are the items of the my Barbarian character…….How……How did I bring them into this world? What’s going on? Oh my god……I don’t remember converting these items from that voice……”

The unexpected discovery made Fei’s heart race.

“How…….How did this happen?”

Fei’s mind was blank; there was no explanation for this. From his previous experience, if he wanted to bring anything, even a pile of monster crap to the real world, he had to get it converted by that mysterious voice. He had to pay the fee and bear the risk of not succeeding. What confused Fei was that he didn’t ask to convert the items, but was able to bring them to the real world.

“What’s going on?”

“Hint: After the player’s character exceeds level 10, the player can use the character’s items in other worlds other than the Diablo World….. Hint: The items can only be used by the player. They can’t be traded, lost, or repaired by blacksmiths in other worlds……Hint: The durability of items will decrease naturally. They can only be repaired in the Diablo World……Hint……Hint……”

As if that voice had heard all of Fei’s questions, many ‘hints’ had given Fei a detailed explanation.

“So……It’s……that’s how it is.”

Fei tapped his forehead, his mind was clear.

“So that’s the benefit of exceeding level 10……Will there be more benefits after I exceed level 20, 30 or even 90?” Fei tried to ask that voice greedily.

Unfortunately, there was no response.

“Ok……Don’t tell me it you don’t want to! ……Ah, if I can bring items to the real world, then weapons should be included too. Why don’t I have my double handed axe?

As soon as that thought came to his head, something magical happened –

A white light flashed and he felt something heavy in his hand. The huge and dangerous double handed axe that Barbarian Fei had appeared in his hands.

Fei swung the axe subconsciously.

The axe’s handle was cold, and so was the light that the axe blade reflected.

A familiar sensation filled Fei’s mind. He felt like the axe was an extension of his body and he had complete control of it; he felt invincible.

Fei didn’t get addicted to that feeling. He forced himself to calm and evaluate his situation.

“If my main weapon was brought out of the Diablo World, then I can probably use 【Azure Spiked Shield】 and 【Storm Sabre】 too.

A yellow light flashed in front of him as he thought about that; the axe disappeared, and a gold engraved sword and a dark red shield took its place.

“Wahahahahaha……Just like I thought!”

Fei found it super easy to switch his weapons. As long as he thought about it, the weapons would switch. There was no cooldown on that.

“Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh – !”

As Fei’s thoughts quickly changed, the double handed axe and the sword and shield kept on switching in his hands. This speed and method of switching weapons in a fight would definitely be a trump card. The best would be for him to use it as a sneak attack. This fit Fei’s personality perfectly.

Fei played around with this new skill, and he suddenly thought about a big problem.

“Although it’s great to bring the powerful and magical items into the real world, I won’t wear these all the time……I’m a king, I’m not going to battle every single day. If I go to noble parties, go to the washroom and go to bed like this, I will probably be called a pervert……”

“I wonder if I would hide these items……”

When Fei was thinking, changes occurred again –

The barbarian items he was wearing disappeared as he wished. A soft white knight armour appeared on his body; it was the clothes he was wearing inside the heavy metal armour. However, he didn’t know where the heavy metal armour went. He glanced around and found it at a corner. He didn’t know how or when that armour was taken off his body.

“Damn, I can get anything I want?”

A big smile came on Fei’s face.

“So the weapons and armour of the Barbarian can appear and disappear as I wish. This is so convenient… It’s not going to affect my normal life at all. This is too sick!”

Fei’s heart started to race again. Adrenaline coursed through his blood.

He licked his lips. As a man that likely maximizing his benefit all the time, he thought of another question –

“If these magical items are brought to the real world, I can probably use their special properties too, right?”

Fei was so excited that he almost had a boner. He decided to do a little experiment to test the storage effect of his belt.

In the Diablo World, belts granted characters more storage space on top of the 【Item Slot】, and it was more convenient to use than the 【Item Slot】. The better quality the belt, the more storage space it had. The belt that Fei had only had 8 storage space.

He looked down at the belt, then looked at a fist sized rock on the corner. He called on the rock in his mind, trying to put it into the storage space in the belt.

Almost at the same exact moment as Fei thought about it in his mind, the rock disappeared.

“Damn! Did it work?”

Fei’s heart skipped a beat after he saw the rock disappear. Fei felt his heart wouldn’t be able to handle the series of surprises. His greedy hypotheses was confirmed without any doubt.

The special properties of the items in Diable were brought into the real world.

Fei thought about the storage space in the belt and the 8 units of storage space appeared in front of his eyes, as if he was using a pair of Google Glasses. The rock was sitting in one of the storage spaces. Except for the rock, the 2 bottles of 【Normal Healing Potions】 and 1 bottle of 【Stamina Potion】 that costed Fei 29,000 gold coins to convert was inside the belt as well.

Fei quickly pressed his hands on his heart. “It has to stop beating so fast and irregularly, or I’m seriously going to fucking die!”

_____________

Last Chapter



* * *





Chapter 42




Adfly Chapter 42 Hei guys, if you don’t mind, plis go through the adfly link to support us

———————————————————————–

Chapter 42: The Four Powers

As if he was a kid that just got his favorite toy, Fei couldn’t hold himself back as he played around with the belt a bit more.

“Whoosh-”

The rock appeared in his hand.

“Whoosh-”

The rock disappeared into the belt storage. He controlled everything with his mind, as if the belt was hooked up to his brain. He tried again with some different sized rocks on the ground inside the partially ruined tower.

Fei quickly tested out the capacity of the storage space – Each slot in the storage space could only contain items up to the size of a basketball, but the weight of the items didn’t matter.

Therefore, the 8 storage space slots in the belt could hold items up to the size of 8 basketballs. Fei was very satisfied with the capacity. As the level of his Barbarian increased, Fei would be able to get higher quality belts, which would only increase the amount of slots they had.

“Finally! I have my own secret storage!”

This unexpected surprise really delighted Fei. These surprises made Fei realize that there were way more secrets and discoveries to be made in the Diablo World that somehow resided inside his mind.

【Rogue Encampment】 was only a novice map. As he leveled his character, he would be able to step into higher level maps such as 【Lut Gholein】 and 【Kurast Docks】. He felt there were a ton of unimaginable things waiting for him.

After he felt the monstrous strength of the Barbarian, he said “switch mode” in his mind and Sorcerer Fei took over. His enormous physical strength disappeared instantly, and Fei felt the magic powers and spell casting abilities of a level 3 Sorcerer.

Although Sorcerers and Necromancers were both mages, their powers were completely different. The Necromancer’s power was dark, cold and daunting, while the Sorcerer’s power was bright and just; fire, ice and lightning were all natural forces. After Fei switched to Sorcerer mode, a firm force field surrounded him. It was just as ominous as the Necromancer’s force field, but had different affinities.

“Sizzle, sizzle-”

A fireball appeared and hovered in his hands as Fei said “Fire Bolt!” in his mind. The bright red fireball was dancing in the wind and its size changed as Fei wished. Although it looked weak, Fei was sure that this fireball contained a significant amount of energy; it was far more powerful than Gill’s novice fireball. It could completely melt metal armour.

That was the power of Sorcerer Fei. After he closed his eyes to get used to the power of the Sorcerer, he made the force field that surrounded him disappear, and no one could tell he was a mage by looking at him anymore.

Fei then switched to Paladin Mode. Suddenly, a divine and gentle power filled Fei’s body. The power was strong to the point that it leaked out of his body. The energy was so bright and compassionate that it would make anyone who felt this energy come closer and trust and depend on Fei unconditionally, as if he was the God’s messenger.

Paladins were the most noble and righteous class in the Diablo World. Paladins’ most powerful skills were called Aura. Except for its combat abilities, it also had unimaginable healing and supporting abilities.

“Is the power of the Holy Church that Angela talked about the same as the Paladin’s from Diablo World?” Fei wondered.

While he was thinking, his body quickly got used to the Auras of the Paladin.

He stood there and repeated all the abilities and skills of the four characters. After he was sure that he wouldn’t forget anything, he switched back to Barbarian Mode, wore his soft white knight armour instead of his Barbarian items and walked out of the watchtower.

His reappearance was like a bright torch in complete darkness, and it drew the attention of everyone on the defensive wall.

The soldiers stared at him in awe. They all hoped that the powerful king who could communicate with the God of War could create a miracle again in such a dangerous situation and defeat the vicious enemies who were about to siege the castle. They wanted him to give them hope for survival.

However, three star warrior Lampard, one star warrior Oleg, Brook, novice mage Gill and a couple other people stared at Fei in fright and shock. Only those who had energy and powers themselves truly understood what had happened in the partially ruined watchtower.

In a short moment, a gloomy power, a wild power, a natural power and a divine power…. Four different types of powers appeared consecutively inside the watchtower, as if there were four one star warriors and mages hiding in there, fully displaying their power.

But it was impossible! They all knew that only one person was in that watchtower – the young King Alexander.

There was no else except him.

This meant that there was only one possible explanation for what happened – all of the four different powers belonged to the King.

“Oh God! Can one man acquire four different types of power? Moreover, each power is least at the one star level? This isn’t possible!!”

In the history of Azeroth Continent, there were examples of a person becoming proficient in a couple power different powers. It wasn’t impossible……but which one of those people weren’t famous geniuses in order to be able to make progress in learning different powers? Which one of them weren’t sun ranked masters?

Moreover, all the travelling poets who told stories of them around the continent could swear with their lives that those geniuses were far from young when they made progress.

“How old was Alexander?

Not even 18 yet.

Alexander was only famous because he was a retard. This retard wasted 17 years of his life, eating, sleeping and seeking fun. He never had any form of warrior or mage training. How could he possibly have 4 different types of powers? And all these power were at least one star rank?”

These feelings were circulating in Lampard and the others’ minds. They stared at Fei as he walked out of the tower as if he was Godzilla.

Last Chapter



* * *





Chapter 43




Chapter 43

Chapter 43: We Need to Initiate the Attack

Fei knew he was the center of attention. He smiled gently at the anxious soldiers and new recruits, calming them down. He beckoned to Pierce and Brook, calling them over to the watchtower. He didn’t acknowledge Oleg who was trying get his attention, and Head Minister Bazzer who wasn’t too far away either.

It was a rather clear signal; even the farmers who knew nothing about politics understood that the two former powerful figures, Bazzer and Oleg had lost the king’s appreciation and trust.

“Brook, tell me about the enemies’ movements.” Fei asked as he looked at the crowd of enemies on the bridge. He stood beside a battlement and touched the marks left there by the swords and lances.

“You majesty, during the past four hours that you were resting, the enemies didn’t move at all for some reason…… they didn’t even harass us with any fake attacks. It’s almost as if they are waiting for something, but……” Brook pointed behind the enemies. His voice was filled with worry, “They have moved their last three siege ladders and sieging equipment that they made in the last couple days onto the bridge. They are fully prepared, and there are even more enemy soldier participating in this siege compared to the previous battle. Once they decide to attack, we will be in an extremely dangerous situation.”

Fei looked at the place that Brook was pointing at. There were some major changes in the enemy formation –

The tower shield formation was still at the very front, protecting all the enemies behind it using a huge black wall. It was only steps away from the north bank of the Zuli River, where Chambord Castle was located.

However, the formations behind it were very different –

The archers, spearmen and swordsmen formations had moved back, and in their place were the three siege ladders which the enemies had moved onto the bridge. Behind the siege ladders, there were four or five giant wooden walls made out of wet, green trees to block off arrows. Even further away, there were six seventy feet (20m) tall trebuchets that were protected by the stronger enemy warriors……

Fei’s pupils quickly contracted when he saw that. The six trebuchets were lethal siege machines. They were much more threatening than the siege ladders. Once they got within 200 yards (m) of the defensive wall, regardless of how firm and strong the defensive wall was, it would be blown apart. The defensive wall of Chambord and the less than one thousand soldier army would be wiped out in less than twenty boulder throws by the trebuchets.

The enemy’s commander had definitely put a lot of resources into this siege, so he wanted to conquer Chambord Castle today.

“Those wooden walls were made in a rush, and there are still green leaves on the wood. However, the six trebuchets couldn’t have been made quickly, but they’ve never appeared in the sieges before…… Did the enemies get some reinforcements?”

Fei licked his lip subconsciously as he thought about that.

There was no way that Chambord could defend against that. Once the enemies began their siege, the wooden walls could easily block the rain of arrows and get the trebuchets into range. Chambord seemed to be doomed. This was an unequal warfare.

Aside from the huge gap in the strength between the enemies and them, the enemy’s commander was also very careful and sneaky. He knew that Chambord didn’t have too many soldiers, so he focused on that weakness. Brook and the others couldn’t come up with any strategies that could break open the ‘cage’ that Chambord was in.

Fei frowned as he evaluated the situation. Brook was observing Fei’s expression. He was about to say s

omething, but he held himself back.

“Say what you want to say. As the future general commander of Chambord, hesitating doesn’t look good.” Fei noticed Brook’s behaviour and joked.

Brook got really close to Fei and whispered into his ears, “Your majesty……maybe……We can’t defend this one. I’m willing to stay behind with the soldiers to try to defend against the enemies and buy more time. Please let Mr. Lampard and Pierce take a team of elite soldiers to protect you and Ms. Angela to leave Chambord from the back mountain…..”

“No!”

Fei shook his head and rejected Brook’s suggestion before he even finished. He didn’t say a single word more, but just from his rejection and him shaking his head, Brook and Pierce felt the young king’s determination. No matter what was going to happen, the king wouldn’t back down nor flinch. Fei’s expression excited and pleased the two, but it also made them really anxious.

“We can’t wait any longer; we need to initiate an attack.” Fei said as he tapped the battlement with his finger.

This sentence was as shocking as thunder, and ‘exploded’ in their ears.

“Initiate an attack?”

Brook and Pierce were stunned. What did initiating an attack under such circumstances, with so few soldiers, most with no formal training mean? It meant that Fei was giving up on the terrain advantage and planning to attack the enemies, like smashing a hard rock with an apple pie……The fate of the apple pie could easily be determined.

“Your majesty, is……won’t that be too risky?” Brook was trying to get Fei to change his mind.

“There is no time.” Fei shook his head as he said decisively. “If I’m not wrong, the enemies will attack right after lunch……The only way for us to survive in this war is to think of the unimaginable and do the unexpected. If we wait any longer, the enemies will begin the siege, and the only thing we will face is death.”

Fei slowly looked at the two as he said that.

Looking at the confused expressions of the two warriors, Fei said, “What do you think, my warriors? Do you guys have the courage to go with me and send all those bastards into the Zuli River so they can take the last bath of their lives?”

The question was as simple as asking for his friends’ opinions.

At that very moment, Brook and Pierce felt like the blood in their bodies was on fire.

“Your majesty, it’s our honour!” Their voices trembled as they responded.

“Alright, I need you guys to do something……Brook, go and tell all the soldiers to rest. Remember, only keep a couple smart ones to watch the enemies’ actions…… Also, go find twenty reliable and loyal strong men and bring them to me. Pierce, you go and get these for me……”

Fei whispered into Pierce’s ear, and the white haired tough guy left in confusion. After they left, Fei stood quietly on the defensive wall. He repeated and organized all the things that he needed to pay attention to in upcoming operation in his mind, and then turned around and walked to his left.

He walked to the number one warrior of Chambord, under the gazes of all the soldiers.

“Your Majesty!” Lampard nodded.

The number one warrior who was normally cold to Fei had finally lowered his guard and proactively talked to him.

Fei knew that his series of heroic feats had gained the trust and respect of this ‘master’. Lampard had protected the peace of Chambord and stabilized the retarded Alexander’s throne by his individual strength; Fei was very grateful for that. Fei also heard that Lampard was the closest friend of the old king, so he Fei’s elder as well.

“Uncle Lampard, I have something that requires your assistance.” Fei was very polite.

Lampard looked at Fei, and then turned around to look at the black flood of enemies. He was silent for a couple second, but then asked, “You want me to help you destroy those trebuchets, right? I only have about thirty to forty percent confidence in destroying two or three of them……”

“Destroy the trebuchets?”

Fei was surprised, but he quickly understood what Lampard was thinking. He shook his head and said seriously, “Uncle Lampard, that’s not what I am asking……Eh, it’s like this. I’m going to leave the castle and attack the enemies soon, so I want you to stay on the defensive wall and stabilize the situation here. If I end up dying, I want you to take care of Angela for me. Please protect her and Emma and leave Chambord safely.”



* * *





Chapter 44




Chapter 44

Chapter 44: Super Strong Men

“Eh?”

Lampard didn’t expect Alexander to have such a request. In such a dangerous situation, the first thing that came to Fei’s mind was not his own safety, but the safety of Angela and Emma. This raised his image of Alexander by a couple points.

However, it was only a couple points because of Fei’s decision to leave the castle and initiate the attack, which lowered his image.

Even the dumbest person in Chambord could tell that initiating an attack would be worst decision ever. It would only get the precious soldiers of Chambord killed for no returns. Moreover it would give the well-trained and equipped enemies an even bigger advantage.

Lampard accepted the fact that Alexander was strong and brave looking back at the siege battle the day before, to a point where it was way beyond his estimations. However, when it came to warfare, if one didn’t have the strength or power of a moon ranked master, individual strength wouldn’t solve many problems. Lampard didn’t want to see Alexander become arrogant after a couple wins.

“If I use a sneak attack, maybe I can destroy those trebuchets, so……you don’t have to rush towards your death.”

For the old friend whose soul was already in heaven and for the pure and innocent Angela, Lampard decided that even though his old hidden internal injuries had relapsed, he had to try to destroy those trebuchets. They were the biggest threat to Chambord. However, there was a huge risk……The only hope he had was if the trebuchets weren’t protected by high star ranked warriors or mages.

“Uncle Lampard, it’s not just the problem of a few trebuchets. In this situation, even if you could destroy all the trebuchets, Chambord won’t hold long under the enemy attacks…… Relax, a guy that is terrified of death like me won’t do anything too risky.”

After Fei said that, his expression became serious and he got closer to Lampard. He whispered, “Besides, you have to stay on the defensive wall. You are the only one that can restrain the hidden poisonous snake.”

Lampard’s expression suddenly changed.

“You found out as well?”

A mysterious smile came onto Fei’s face. He nodded slightly, “Eh, too bad I only discovered a few clues; I’m not sure who it is exactly …… But I feel like you’re the only who can temporarily contain him.”

Lampard nodded, but his expression tightened the next second. He glanced at Fei; a blue water-like energy suddenly appeared and covered his right arm. He didn’t say anything and stepped up, and the energy that covered his arm grew even bigger. A punch that was as fast as lightning was aimed at Fei’s chest.

The mountain-like pressure exploded and pressed on everyone surrounding Lampard and Fei as the punch travelled towards Fei. No one would’ve thought that the number one warrior of Chambord would attack King Alexander. Numerous gasps sounded on the defensive wall.

However, it seemed like Fei was expecting it, and was not scared at all.

“Whoosh!”

Fei threw a punch as well. There weren’t any skills contained in the punch. It was pure physical strength. Although it didn’t contain any energy, the fist had left a series of afterimages as it blew through the air.

“Boom!”

The two fists collided with each other forcefully.

Suddenly, an enormous energy wave exploded outward from the center of the collision. Like a strong cyclone, the nearby soldiers had to close their eyes to deal with the huge blast. Some of them even yelled as they were pushed back by the energy wave; they couldn’t even hold on to their weapons.

The blue water-like energy

that covered Lampard’s right arm was shattered and quickly disappeared. Lampard himself shook as he barely stood still.

Fei was sent back three steps by the collision. His breathing was rapid; his right hand felt numb and his right arm was sore and in pain.

“Nice!” Lampard nodded. He was pleased as he looked at Fei. However, he was even more surprised and shocked. Fei’s progress was almost too ridiculous for him to understand. The number one warrior finally agreed with Fei’s decision. “You strength is enough to protect yourself down there. Okay, I will stay on the defensive wall, and you can initiate the attack……But remember, if the situation gets too dangerous, don’t be stubborn. Destroy a few trebuchets and come back with the soldiers. We just have to hold them off for a little bit longer. Zenit Empire will soon be notified and reinforcements will arrive.” Lampard said with a complex expression on his face.

This was the first time that Lampard had said this much to Alexander. Although he didn’t say too much, Fei felt the care and concern that Lampard had for him.

“Eh, trust me, I will know what to do.”

Fei bowed to Lampard, then turned around and walked back to the watch tower.

When Lampard attacked him, Fei knew that he was testing his strength. Lampard would only let him leave the castle if his strength was up to Lampard’s standards.

The test also verified Fei’s prior predictions; a level 12 Barbarian could defeat a two star warrior, but would have a hard time battling against a three star warrior.

When Lampard punched him, Fei tried to counter it with all the strength he had, but that only shattered the energy that covered Lampard’s arm. Fei on the other hand was pushed back a couple steps and lost control of the battle.

“I have to improve my strength, fast!” Fei decided. Once Chambord overcame this situation, he would go back to the Diablo World right away to level up his characters and increase his strength and power. The only way to survive and protect his close ones on this war-filled Azeroth Continent was to be powerful and have a strong influence.

When Fei got back to the watchtower, Brook was waiting for him with twenty tough men.

These guys were all about 7 feet tall (210cm) and half-naked, displaying their super muscular body that contained explosive powers. They were covered in dark body hair, which made them look like humanoid beasts from the wilderness.

These were the strong men that Brook picked out.

“Boom, boom – !”

Fei nodded and hammered the chest of a big guy who was standing beside him: “Warrior, tell me your name.”

“Drogba, your majesty. Dider Drogba!”

“Alright, show me your strength, warrior Drogba.” Fei asked while smiling.

A humble smile appeared on Drogba’s face as he heard that. He looked around and walked to the watchtower. He bent his back and held onto a square battlement that had a five yard (5m) width. His upper body muscles rose as he applied force and he picked it off of the ground firmly.

Fei was delighted. The battlement was at least six, seven hundred pounds, but Drogba didn’t have any trouble picking it up. It seemed like that was not his limit. Fei had to admit that the people on Azeroth Continent had much stronger bodies compared to people on Earth. This man called Drogba could easily win the Strong Man World Competition on Earth.

“Great! Such an invincible warrior!” Fei appraised Drogba as he laughed. He walked up to Drogba and single-handedly grabbed the battlement from Drogba. He applied some force to the battlement and it flew tens of yards (m) away. “Boom!” The battlement crushed into the ground and blew up a ton of dust.

The ease Fei had when throwing the battlement had shocked the twenty strong men.

Drogba was the strongest among them all, and he only pick up the battlement with two hands, yet King Alexander threw the battlement single-handedly as if it was a water battle. “What kind of strength was that? Unthinkable!”

The strong men were 100% conquered. They stared at Fei with excitement. That was what Fei wanted to see.

In the Barbarian Mode, a level 12 Barbarian could exert about five thousand pounds of force. Limitless physical strength was the definition of a Barbarian. The only way to transform these strong, muscular men into loyal subordinates was to beat them at what they did best.

You guys are the strongest men in Chambord in terms of your physical strength, but I’m not sure if your courage is as strong as your physical strength.” Fei stimulated the strong men to pump up their morale.

After Fei finished talking, all the men’s eyes turned red from rage. Some of them pumped their chests and others cracked their joints; they couldn’t wait to show what they are made of.

“Hahaha. Great. I’m going to leave the castle and teach those bastards a memorable lesson. How about that? Do you guys dare to go with me and make them run back to their mommies?” Fei suddenly turned around and pointed at the enemies that were on the bridge, like a giant crawling snake.

“Your Majesty, I’ve wanted to go and teach them a lesson for a long time now!” The big guy Drogba yelled as he swung his fists.

“Your Majesty, I want to be the head soldier and charge at the very front.”

“I can fuck them all up by myself, hahaha, how could I be scared of them?”

“I’ve smashed twenty one skulls, and I don’t mind smashing a couple more.”

After the strong men heard Fei’s decision, none of them were scared, but rather excited. They couldn’t wait to charge into the enemies.

At this moment –

“Your Majesty, what you need is ready.”

Pierce yelled from far away. It attracted everyone’s attention. There were about forty soldiers following Pierce. They sweated as they carried sets of astonishing ultra heavy knight armour up the defensive wall.



* * *





Chapter 45




Chapter 45

Chapter 45: Let’s go!

The sets of heavy metal armour were quickly placed beside the watchtower. There were twenty two sets in total, and they looked like they were gifted from the hands of Aphrodite. They shined under the bright sunlight.

These were the precious heavy knight armour sets that the old king had collected throughout his life. They were made from an extremely strong metal – hundred wrought iron mixed with ‘steel essence’. They looked magnificent, were very valuable and provided a ton of defensive capability; ordinary weapons couldn’t break through it.

The old king treated these armour sets as if they were national treasures, and he wasn’t even willing to take them out of the King’s Palace. He never used them and only occasionally wiped them down carefully. These sets of armour were as precious as his own life.

However, Fei moved these national treasures onto the defensive wall today as if they were paper. After noticing what was going on, most of the people on the wall had no idea what King Alexander was going do. They chatted among themselves quietly as they stared at Fei’s direction with curiosity and excitement.

“What do you think, my warriors? Are you guys able to wear the armour?” Fei pointed at the twenty two shiny heavy knight armour and asked.

“Not a problem, Your Majesty!” After seeing the armour, the strong men were extremely excited, as if they were rabbits that encountered a ton of carrots. The passion that the warriors had towards excellent weapons and armour never decreased.

“Alright, time is tight. Pick a fitting armour and put it on as fast as you can. We don’t have a lot of time left!”

These men were strong and straightforward. After Fei ordered, they didn’t hesitate and quickly picked up the armour they wanted.

“Pierce, pick one up too. Come with me later.”

“Awesome!” Pierce was thrilled. He laughed as he picked up a set of armour. Although the armour had a ton of defense, because they were made out of hundred wrought iron mixed with even heavier ‘steel essence’, every armour set weighed about sixty to seventy pounds. This was why Fei asked Brook to pick out the strongest men in Chambord. Because an ordinary person wouldn’t even be able to walk properly after they put that on, killing enemies in that armour was literally a joke.

These twenty some strong men were all the manpower that Fei needed for this attack.

Although these men weren’t star ranked warriors and didn’t have any energy, they were super strong. After wearing the heavy armour that granted them sick defense, they would be like twenty hunger tigers that just got out of a cage. If they were utilized properly on that narrow bridge, they would be more powerful than the star ranked warrior on both sides.

Fei didn’t plan to attack the enemies with too many people from the start.

He glanced at Brook. The Second Commander of the King’s Guards was also a one star warrior, so he was a perfect candidate for this operation. However, there had to be a strategic commander on the defensive wall, just in case something unexpected happened and the situation on the defensive wall fell into chaos.

Fei thought about it for a couple seconds, but ultimately decided to keep Brook on the defensive wall. He looked passed Brook and saw Warden Oleg sitting at the gap on the defensive wall. He beckoned to him and signalled the ‘Flatterer’ to come close to him.

“Go and pick a set of armour.” Fei didn’t say or express anything more.

Oleg was confused. He was pretty far from the watchtower, so he didn’t know what was going on. He thought that the king was being really generous and was granting him a set of armour to protect himself in

the upcoming siege. A bright smile came onto Oleg’s face as he rushed to the last set of armour that was sitting on the ground and put it on really fast.

Quickly, some soldiers carried ultra-big weapons onto the defensive wall.

These huge heavy weapons were from the King’s Palace as well; they were also part of the old king’s precious collection. However, Fei took them out at the perfect time and utilized all their values.

“Bam, bam!”

Twenty one weapons were dropped onto the ground; there were axes and hammers, all of which looked monstrous. They gave off a dark feeling, and anyone who looked at them would become depressed. When they touched the ground, they smashed into the brick flooring on the defensive wall, cracking the flooring and forming many pits. They were really heavy.

“Everyone, get a comfortable weapon.”

After they heard the King’s order, they rushed to grab the weapons that they wanted. Pierce got a pair of exotic looking warhammers, and Drogba picked a huge long axe; the axe blade was almost as long as a door. It would make anyone who looked at it feel a chill to their bones.

Warden Oleg finally felt that the atmosphere wasn’t right. However, after seeing the King’s serious face, he didn’t dare ask any questions. He used his one star energy to pick up a long blade that was taller than himself and stood quietly beside Fei.

After seeing there was no more sets of armour and weapons for him, Brook panicked, “Your Majesty, I……”

“Stay on the defensive wall. Hold Chambord together for me until I return.” Fei pressed Brook’s shoulder and said seriously, “You are the only one that I trust in here.”

Brook’s body froze; he was stunned by Fei’s words.

Fei didn’t say anything more. He grabbed forty six water bags filled with clean water by the soldiers under his instruction and walked into the watchtower to hide from everyone’s sight.

After he was inside the building, he grab the bottle of 【Normal Healing Potion】 and the bottle of 【Stamina Potion】 from his belt storage, and dripped a couple drops of each potions individually into twenty three water bags. He shook the bags to mix the water and potions together and called in the twenty heavy metal armoured [Iron Men]. Each of them got two bags.

“The God of War showed his mercy and blessed us. The water in the blue bag will get rid of your tiredness and the water in the red bag will heal any types of injures……When we get to the enemy formations, make sure to protect yourselves properly. When you get injured or become tired, drink the water right away.

Pierce and the others were delighted after they heard that.

Although they had a lot of physical strength, after wearing sixty to seventy pounds of armour and using forty to fifty pounds weapons, any man would feel tired eventually. However, the two bags of magic water from King Alexander had solved all their concerns.

The Warden Oleg had finally understood why the King let him get a set of the valuable armour. He face turned pale, sweat came off of his body like rain, and his mind turned completely blank. He stuttered, “Yo….You…Your Ma…..Majes……jesty, I…….I……”

Fei stared at him coldly.

Oleg’s heart stopped pounding for a second. He sweat even more, but didn’t dare to say a word.

“Everyone take a mouthful of the water in the blue water bag. Get ready to battle.”

Fei put on the heavy knight armour that he had before he entered Diablo World as he said to the strong men.

“Gulp, gulp-”

Pierce and others chugged down some water in the blue water bag. As soon as the water entered their mouth, gasps filled the room. A shocking expression covered everyone’s face.

They all clearly felt that a special kind of power seeped through every part of their bodies, and they were suddenly filled with power.

The weight of the armour disappeared, and they all felt like they were wearing a thin shirt. Not only could they run, but they could jump into the air easily. The forty to fifty pound weapons suddenly felt like straw, as if they weren’t holding anything.

Everything felt like a beautiful illusion. But from their buddies’ shocked expressions, they finally confirmed that their feelings weren’t illusions, but actual magical effects like mages’ weightless spells.

It was a miracle.

“When we get to the bottom of the defensive wall, everyone listen to my order. If anyone disobeys, they shall be executed on the spot……” Fei stared at the warrior that he picked out. He raised up his huge double-handed axe and grabbed it with his right hand. With the axe in his right hand and helmet under his left armpit, he left the watchtower first.

“Move out!”

The team of warriors left the watchtower valiantly.

Some soldiers had followed Fei’s instructions and prepared twenty thick ropes and hung them off of the defensive wall. Pierce was at the very front; he put the helmet on his head and waved his hammer to the surrounding soldiers as a goodbye. The operation was really risky and no one knew if they would make it back alive. Pierce didn’t mind, and laughed as he held onto the rope and jumped off of the wall……

The diluted 【Stamina Potion】 had pumped the endurance of Pierce to another level. Although he was wearing a set of heavy armour, he was still very fast and flexible, like a wild ape. He slid down to the bottom of the defensive wall.

“Boom!”

Pierce landed on the ground and left a deep footprint into the ground.

“Boom! Boom! Boom!”

Like twenty iron robots, the other strong men shook the ground as well as they landed by sliding down the rope. They quickly organized themselves into a ‘V’ shape formation, with Pierce standing at the very front.

Fei was still on the defensive wall. As he put on the helmet and was about to slide down the rope, he heard to a cry from far away.

“Alexander, don’t go……”

A beautiful girl rushed up the stairs of the defensive wall as she held up the edges of her dress and tried not to fall. She yelled in her cries, trying to stop Alexander from leaving the castle and put himself in danger. Fei could even see the panicked expression on her pretty face……

“Angela……”

Fei stared at her for a couple seconds. But to Fei, it felt like eternity; he had engraved Angela’s appearance into his mind. He didn’t say anything back; he put on the helmet and held tightly to the rope. He looked at Angela who was running towards him passionately from the eyeholes on the faceplate one last time as he turned around and jumped off of the wall.

When the operation initiated, it needed to be executed accurately and fast. A second of delay meant that the enemies would discover them a second earlier. That might put the warriors in a terrible situation.

Fei didn’t have time to talk to Angela, not even one second.



* * *





Chapter 46




Chapter 46: The Horrifying Strike

“Alexander……”

Tears rolled down Angela’s face as she finally got onto the defensive wall and saw Fei jump off.

Fei’s bright eyes under his faceplate as he looked back and the way he turned around made a mark on her heart; she wouldn’t be able to forget that this moment in her life.

“Alexander……You have to come back……You will be a great king and Chambord will be proud of you, and you will be……a legend on Azeroth Continent……I will wait for that day!”

As if she had lost her soul, Angela leaned against a battlement on the defensive wall so she wouldn’t fall down.

She stared at the man who slid down the defensive wall, joined the strong men, reassembled the formation and led the attack on the crawling snake-like enemy. Her ocean-like eyes didn’t even blink once; she stared at Fei firmly.

“Come back alive!”

……

……

On the south bank of Zuli River.

The autumn wind blew off the yellow leaves on the trees. A furry squirrel was standing on its feet in alert and looking around. It relaxed as it saw that the surrounding was clear and started nibbling a pine cone happily. Birds flew freely to the blue sky far away.

It was a magnificent sceneof Autumn.

But, suddenly –

“Clip-clop, clip-clop!”

It was the sound of hooves rapidly tapping the ground. It was noisy and the ground was shaking. The squirrel threw the half cracked pine cone and crawled up a tree in a panic, and the birds were scared away.

High pitched horse whinnies came from far away.

After the chaos settled down, the silver masked knight and his black knights showed up on the south bank of Zuili River.

The silver masked knight looked up to the sky to roughly check the time, and took out an ‘Eagle Eye’ to observe the status of the soldiers on the defensive wall of Chambord. The ‘Eagle Eye’ was a delicate magical item; it was like a smaller telescope, but the two crystal lenses in it had been blessed with the eagle eye spell, which allowed the user to see far away. Even the antenna of an ant could be seen clearly from miles away.

Through the ‘Eagle Eye’, he saw the deformed faces of the soldiers due to their fatigue and dread. They lacked proper defenses, and the soldiers were taking off their armor lazily, which messed up the defensive positioning……Everything was going as he had expected. A sneer came on his face.

“Pass down my command, everyone get ready to……”

He suddenly stopped; he didn’t have a chance to say the word ‘siege’. While viewing the defensive wall through his ‘Eagle Eye’, he saw twenty or so buff guys with heavy armour sliding down the defensive wall with ropes.

“This is……” The silver masked knight was surprised for a moment.

But after he saw the fully armour enemies assembling into a standard wedge charging formation, he understood their intents completely. After a brief moment of startle, a disdain and banter expression came on his face. He was even a little bit dumbfounded: “Haha, King of Chambord, it looks like I overestimated you. What a dumbass! Good thinking, but do you think you could break my formations with only twenty-ish men?”

“If it’s like that, let’s have an appetizer before the main siege.” The silver masked knight laughed. He pointed his horsewhip at the ‘dumb’ enemies and said, “[Two], [Three], Adjust the Tower Shield formation into a defense position. Let those statue-like heavy asses come closer. Chop their heads off within ten seconds!”

“Moo -!”

A loud trumpet filled the sky, and the breathtaking silence that enveloped the people of Chambord had finally been broken.

The trumpet was the military command. The formations were like precise machines and started transforming right away.

“Tap, tap, tap, tap!”

The formation transformed in the daunting uniformed stepping noise. The Tower Shield formation that was closest to Chambord didn’t move too much. The sides moved forward a bit and the middle moved back a bit into a concave defense position.

“Tink, tink, tink -!”

The sound of heavy metal grinding on each other came from the formation. On top of the 3 yard high Tower Shields, 5 yard long iron dragon lances extended out. Under the bright sun, the shiny, dense lances looked like the teeth of the sneering Grim Reaper. The lances all pointed forward and the enemies in the formation were silent; the whole formation was like a huge mad steel hedgehog. If an elephant charged at the formation, it would be plunged into kebabs.

On the other side, the twenty-ish fully armoured soldiers charged as if they weren’t afraid of death.

It was a disproportional battle.

Glancing from the sky, it looked like a couple ants were boldly provoking an elephant. The ants would easily be squished into meat paste if the elephant stomped its foot.

The taste of death from the lances had darkened the bright sun.

No one questioned the effectiveness of the lances in terms of penetrating any type of armour. Even iron plates that were 2 inch (5cm) thick would be easily torn open by these pointed lances that had 4 inch (10 cm) handles supporting them.

However, the ‘V’ shaped wedge formation ‘ant’ charge didn’t slow down at all. They sped up as if they wanted to break the lethal lances with their bodies.

No one made a noise. The air also froze. Everyone could hear their own heartbeat.

On the defensive wall, everyone couldn’t help but lean their bodies forward against the battlements to try to see everything clearly. Angela’s eyes were filled with tears and worry; her hands grabbed onto the edges of her dress tightly and almost tore through it. Emma followed Angela onto the defensive wall as well, and she held her arms in front of her chest and held her breath.

On the other side of the Zuli River, the silver masked knight had already put away the ‘Eagle Eye’. He was still sneering as he stared at the presumptuous ‘ants’.

“How dare a dog challenge the honour of a dragon?”

Cruel expressions appeared on the dozen black knights’ faces who were standing behind the silvered masked knight. Like hungry wolves that had spotted a delicious treat in the dark night, they licked their mouths while sneering.

Near the bridge.

The distance between the ‘ants’ and the ‘iron hedgehog’ was decreasing fast.

20 yards (m)……

16 yards (m)……

13 yards (m)……

10 yards (m)……

The silver masked knight sat up a little higher on the horse. The arc of his smile grew larger and larger, as if he was envisioning the spurting blood and devastating screams of the opponents.

The ending was that simple in his eyes – the concave Tower Shield formation only needed to close and surround the enemies in the middle, just like stuffing a dumpling. These dumb heavy metal armoured opponents would be ‘kebabed’ by the lances after a couple easy thrusts and pulls.

He wasn’t worried at all about the ‘ants’ messing up the tower shield formation.

There were three layers of tower shields which were each 3 yards (m) tall. Each shield weighed more than 100 pounds (50 kg), and they were supported by elite soldiers and numerous additional iron rods. With this kind of defensive formation, it would hold the front charges of heavy cavalry for more than 10 minutes.

The silver masked knight didn’t hide his mocking smile at all.

However, he froze the next second, as if he was struck by invisible lightning. His body stiffened and his eyeballs almost fell out of his eye sockets.

Gasps came from the black knights behind him.

The military horses they were riding that normally marched uniformly, even under severe injuries began whinnying and backing off uncontrollably……

Because two to three seconds ago, a thunder like roar came from the other side of the stone bridge –

“God bless!”

The ‘head ant’ who was leading the ‘V’ charge threw his huge black axe forward forcefully after his roar.

“Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh -!”

The axe turned into a grey shadow and spun insanely, tearing up the air and even the space around it.

“Boom!”

Many screamed could be heard and blood spurted to the sky and fell back down like a ‘blood rain’. The huge black axe smashed into the refined iron tower shields.

Like a sharp knife that was cutting through a piece of well-done steak, and like a God’s fist that came down from the sky and crushed a tree, the tower shields that could block heavy cavalry deformed a little in the metal collision. However, after a brief moment of pause, the power that the axe was carrying exploded and more than ten huge shields were blown away, like dried leaves in a blizzard.

Unstoppable!

Absolutely unstoppable!

The huge axe didn’t feel like an axe, but rather a punishment from the enraged God of War. With the unstoppable momentum and devastating power, it would crush even the most majestic mountain Tangolian if it was here.

The axe had blown a 2 yard wide bloody gap on the Tower Shield formation that was as tight as a wall. Broken limbs and blood fell from the sky and ‘decorated’ the other shields. The formation went into chaos.

The elite soldiers behind the shields didn’t expect that anyone in the world could break their defense like that, not even in their wildest dreams. The cruel reality took them by surprise; it was so astonishing that they forgot about the proper actions of a soldier and their harsh discipline. This let their opponents break into their formation through the gap filled with blood.

They were previously mocking the twenty-ish dumb pigs who were charging at them in their minds, but after the blink of an eye, the dumb pigs had ripped off their weak disguises and stepped into the formation like overbearing demons. Their weapons were like the sickles, while they were the representatives of the Grim Reaper himself. Everywhere they went, blood spurted and deathly screams were heard. The front layer of soldiers lost their shields’ protection and fell like crops under the ‘sickles’; no one could last for more than a second.

The battle between the ants and the elephant turned into a one-sided slaughter of the elephants.

The roles of the two sides were inconceivably reversed in that second.

Last Chapter



* * *





Chapter 47




Chapter 47: Blood Rains

The gasps of the soldiers, the screams of the wounded, the yelling of the officers, the colliding and breaking sound of metal…… these sounds that would normally cause a chill to people’s bones joined together under the defensive wall and formed a deathly symphony.

A round of cheers came from the defensive wall; it was too difficult to contain.

All their fears and worries turned into loud cheers.

The godlike axe strike hit the tower shield-dragon lance formation, but it also hit the heart of everyone on the wall. It was like a torch fire in the darkness; it gave them hope and ignited their blood and souls.

On the defensive wall, everyone knew who that axe belonged to. Everyone knew whose face was under that helmet, because everyone had watched the young and brave king slide down the defensive wall and stand at the very front of the other men. His back faced his followers as he faced the cruelest enemies.

Everyone on the wall was crying. They screamed, jumped and threw their arms into the air wildly, as if they could empower the brave men who charged into the enemies and fought alongside their king.

On the other side of the Zuli River.

The silver masked knight was feeling gloomy. His attitude of watching a good show with confidence disappeared. His expression was like that of finding out that he had bit on a hard rock and chipped his teeth after biting into a piece of delicious flesh.

After that axe was thrown, his heart beat faster and he knew something was wrong.

The tower shield formation that he was proud of didn’t even hold for one second, and was smashed open by the enemies. Their ease in charging into the formation was a huge slap to his face.

The devastating power that the axe carried made him feel threatened for the first time. This shouldn’t have been the power of any man. There wasn’t any surge of energy, so what kind of power was that?

“Black knights, pass down my command, abandon the chaotic front formation and transform to [Lock Formation]; make sure to envelop those guys. Put up the dragon lances and keep some distance, don’t fight them recklessly……”

The silver masked knight calmed himself down quickly and displayed proper adaptation abilities and executed another plan.

His eyes weren’t fooled. He could tell that the ‘death squad’ of twenty-ish weren’t star warriors, but simply ordinary men who had a ton of physical strength. When the battle went on, they would tire out eventually and it would be easy to kill them.

However, the silver masked knight didn’t want to wait any longer. Although he was trained to be calm during any situation and was taught many techniques to command armies and read people’s minds, after consecutive losses in battle against ant-like enemies, he felt ashamed. He decided not to wait any longer and crush the enemies with the most powerful method he had and conquer Chambord Castle at once.

After he thought about it for a while, he spoke coldly while biting his teeth, “Tell the three star warrior Landes to stop protecting the trebuchets and join forces with the rest of the tower shield soldiers to eliminate those bastards right away……Get the rest of the army prepared; start sieging right after that!”

After the silver masked knight thought about the two commands and made sure that they covered everything, he waved his horsewhip and the black knights rushed to pass on the commands.

……

……

On the bridge, the battle was still continuing.

By using the monstrous strength of the level 12 Barbarian, Fei smashed open a way into the formation. The twenty two strongmen followed him tightly; together, they were like a matchless blade that pierced the enemy’s heart.

The Tower Shield formation had a great amount of frontal defense; even charging cavalry couldn’t break through them easily. However, the soldiers behind the shields only wore thin leather armour; once the enemies break through, without the protection of the huge iron shields, they would be like pigs in a slaughter house.

Pierce and Drogba were right behind Fei. Both of them were the strongest men in Chambord; the war hammer and axe were slamming and crashing into the enemies with a huge amount of force. The tower shield enemies were killed when the weapons hit them and wounded when the weapons touched them; there was nothing that could stop them.

On the thin bridge, red blood decorated everything. Wherever the ‘death squad’ went turned to chaos.

Due to the terrain restrictions, although there were more enemies, they weren’t able to surround Fei and the strongmen properly. The width of the bridge could only hold about fifteen men, so their numbers advantage couldn’t be utilized and they had the disadvantage.

In the chaos, an enemy officer who was nearing a one star warrior saw that the man who gave the Tower shield formation a deadly blow didn’t have a weapon anymore. He was extremely excited; he thought the Goddess of Luck had blessed him. He picked up a half broken dragon lance and sneakily used the scarce energy he had to thrust it at Fei when he thought Fei’s guard was down.

Although the lance was half broken, it weighed about fifty to sixty pounds. With a ton of momentum and energy of an almost one star warrior, the tip of the lance shined like a bloodthirsty light; it was aimed at Fei’s heart.

“Go to hell!”

The enemy officer laughed as if he already saw the opponent’s blood shoot out of his chest as his heart was pierced. Without a doubt, if he could kill a man who was so strong, it would be a great military honor and he would soon be promoted to higher ranks.

But –

The officer’s smile froze on his face.

It soon turned into a deformed pale face that was experiencing a ton of pain and fear.

The weaponless man didn’t panic at all after seeing sneak attack. Instead, a cunning and gloating smile could be seen under the man’s faceplate. He reached his hands into the air; after a flash of white light, like magic, another huge axe appeared in his hand out of nowhere!”

“Tink!”

A frontal chop.

The axe accurately chopped the tip of the lance. After the sparks from the colliding metals faded, the axe’s blade turned into a white thin line in the officer’s eyes. Like a sharp knife cutting through a soft milk cake, the axe separated the iron lance in half. With the remaining momentum, the axe also went through his body……-

He felt cold……

The dragon lance, the officer……

The axe went through both of them easily. After a brief pause, they both separated into two pieces each.

There was no way that the blood could stop.

The man’s bright red internal organs, his limbs covering his white bones, and the heated dragon lance fell everywhere.

The blood in the air touched the broken lances, which were still heated due to the high friction from the collision. It turned into a cloud of bloody steam. More blood spilled onto the lance, and the steam generated almost filled the surroundings of the corpse. The air was completely red and smelt horrible.

Last Chapter



* * *





Chapter 48




Chapter 48: Massacre Continued

“AHAHAHAHAHAHAH……”

A couple soldiers who were standing beside the officer were terrified. Their minds couldn’t take it and broke down. As if they had lost their souls, they screamed and tried to escape from the “demons” in front of them. Unfortunately for them, there were layers of Tower Shields and Dragon Lances positioned behind them. When they turned around to escape, they were forced into them by their own comrades behind them, making them into “kebabs”. However, the severe injuries didn’t kill them instantly, they screamed and cried as they died painfully.

Fei took the magic axe of the level 12 Barbarian. After he sneak attacked the enemy officer, he gave it a full swing and the couple enemy soldiers in front of him didn’t even get a chance to run away. They were separated into halves along with their weapons from the waist down.

Behind him, the fully protected, heavily armoured strongmen started slaughtering the terrified soldiers.

The heavy armours that they were wearing allowed them to ignore the attacks of the enemies, and on the other hand, their huge hammers and axes harvested the enemies’ lives relentlessly. Even if the enemies could react and block their attacks, under the monstrous strength of the strongmen, the enemy soldiers would be smashed into pieces with their weapons or blown away by the strong force.

That was the power of the enraged strongmen in close combat.

After drinking the diluted 【Stamina Potion】, the strongmen temporarily had unlimited endurance. They could abuse their strength endlessly without tiring themselves out. The heavy armour and weapons didn’t weight them down at all and instead became the enemies’ worst nightmare. The unbreakable suits of heavy armour, and with unblockable weapons, they were like a team of war beasts from hell.

The twenty three men were like twenty three fully armoured hungry tigers who were led into a barn of sheep. You can already infer the outcome.

The king, Alexander, was at the very front of their meat grinder formation. There were no soldiers among the enemies who could take one strike from him. He was almost pushing forward at the same speed that he charged in at. The front portion of the Tower Shield formation was torn into chaos.

The enemies who were at the back of the formation tried to hold their positions but the enemy soldiers in the front were broken. They felt like they were facing a bunch of demons and wanted to have two more legs so that they could run faster away from them. All they could do now was follow their instincts and run for their lives. Many of them weren’t rookies on the battlefield, but they never experienced a one sided massacre like this. They couldn’t even fight back, how could they just wait for their deaths?

Even though they were all elite soldiers, there was only one thing that was on all their minds, and that was –

Escape!

Run as far away as they could!

Run from these unkillable demons!

……

At this point, someone had to stand out and re-establish the order in this chaos.

The black knight [Two] who was the commander of the Tower Shield formation had finally gained back his senses after the shock that that horrifying strike gave him.

After seeing the chaos in his formations, he knew that he had to prevent it from getting any worse. He pulled out his commander sword and struck at the couple soldiers who were escaping. Those soldiers didn’t even have time to react and their heads flew off. The headless bodies continued the motions of running back for a couple steps before falling. The blood spewed out like a fountain……

“Hold the formation! Reassemble the second defense line! Anyone who backs off shall be executed! No exceptions!”

[Two]’s sword was still dripping blood as he shouted.

Under the death threat, most of the soldiers in the formation was forced to calm down. They came together slowly and stabilized the formation. After seeing his formation was reformed, [Two] calmed down a little bit. He sent off many commands to rebuild the proper defensive power of the formation.

With the commander in position, the soldiers had demonstrated their superior battle abilities. They abandoned the chaotic front soldiers and backed off a little bit as a formation to clear out about 4, 5 yards of space. In just in a couple seconds, layers of tower shields were established and rows of lethal dragon lances were pointed out again. It brought back the original power of the formation.

“Tink!”

The Tower Shield Dragon Lance formation was stable once again.

Black [Two] positioned himself behind the formation, staring at the twenty three armored marching beasts.

He sneered. There wasn’t enough distance between his formation and the “beasts” so they couldn’t pick up enough momentum to strike like that again and there was no way that they could break open the defense again.

“As long as the new defense line doesn’t get torn open again, the dragon lances could easily pierce the amours and the bodies of the bastards!” Black knight [Two] thought coldly. He was staring at the front line closely through the thin gap between shields.

With this new transformation, he had abandoned more than thirty soldiers outside of the formation. Those fully armored beasts were wiping out the poor soldiers like leaves. Blood, torn limbs, broken weapons were scattering everywhere……

[Two] had to admit that those beasts were indeed brutal monsters. The huge weapons in their hands even gave him, a one star warrior, a chill. Under such terrain constraints, it would be a nightmare for any army to deal with these fully armored beasts.

Especially the man at the front, compared to the chill that the weapon made him feel, that man made [Two] feel like he was in a freezer.

The man was the smallest in size among his peers, but he was also the strongest and most wild one.

[Two] remembered clearly that from the beginning of the battle, that man threw out a monstrous axe, and blew open the unbreakable Tower Shield Dragon Lance formation like a god……. Whenever [Two] thought back to it, even him who was a veteran on the battlefield was scared.

Through the thin gaps between shields, [Two] could see clearly that that man somehow got another even more dangerous looking axe.

The axe was larger than a door. It had a ton of dangerous looking back hooks. The black axe was glistening red from all the blood. It looked so heavy that it should only be lifted by two or three soldiers. However, the way that man was using it was like the axe weighed as much as a straw. Whenever he struck with that “door”, no one would be left standing.

That man was like killing machine made for battle.

Thirty well trained elite soldier couldn’t even hold the “metal monsters” off for twenty seconds. They were all turned into corpses, particularly ugly corpses. They were either chopped into a couple pieces, or smashed into meat paste. Limbs, organs, weapons…… they were all broken everywhere……

Wherever they went, except for the bridge itself, nothing was left in its original form.

At this point, the black armoured enemies had backed off 50 yards (46 m) on the bridge.

It felt like an eternity for the enemy army and the defending soldiers on the defensive wall of Chambord, but the whole process only took 40 seconds.

Last Chapter



* * *





Chapter 49




Chapter 49: The Power of a Necromancer

“God bless!”

Fei didn’t forget to continue motivating the strongmen.

His axe didn’t slow down as he shouted. Whoosh, whoosh, he made two chops and the enemy in front of him was sliced into three pieces. He looked up and realized that the chaotic formation had already backed off two yards and set up another layer of defense.

Fei was slightly surprised. The enemy’s reaction and reassembly speed was beyond his expectations. It looked like pushing forward would be much more difficult now. However, there was no way to pull back an arrow that had already been shot.

Fei clearly knew that he would have to break the Tower Shield formation with the strongmen and destroy the siege ladders and trebuchets as fast as they could.

At this point, time was life.

Their charging speed couldn’t slow down. Everything had to be completed before the enemy’s commander could react and send orders. Otherwise, once they get crowded and the enemy’s star ranked warriors arrived, the twenty two strongmen that weren’t star ranked warrior and had no energy would not be able to escape, even if Fei could escape by himself.

“With me as the center, reassemble the awl formation! Quick! Quick! Quick!!!”

Following Fei’s shout, the twenty two strongmen who were loosely positioned due to the battle quickly restored their formation. Pierce and Drogba stood left and right behind Fei respectively. Both of them were covered in the enemies’ blood. Circles of blood and bone fragments slid off of their weapons, giving them the appearance of demons from hell.

The other strongmen behind them looked very similar, as if they had walked through a rain of blood. Their armour was still dripping in blood, and the only color you could see on them was red.

Because Fei, the ‘Super Mincer’ was leading the way, any enemy that could threaten them was killed by him right away, so the strongmen didn’t suffer any casualties. The most damage the enemies dealt were some marks on the heavy armour.

“Everyone drink some water in the blue water bag and wait for my commands. When I signal, charge right away!” Fei told the strongmen behind him and charged up by himself.

“Bam, bam, bam -!”

While he was charging towards the enemies, he kicked over a couple corpses, which caused them to fly over the 3 yard (m) tall Tower Shields and smash into the enemies behind the shields. There was some yelling and shouting behind those shields, but it didn’t fall into chaos.

In fact, Fei didn’t expect that a couple corpses would mess up the enemies.

Two to three yards of distance took less than a second for the level 12 Barbarian Fei to charge through, but Fei did something else during the process –

“Switch mode.”

He said that in his mind and Necromancer Fei took over.

Suddenly, a white light flashed and the huge axe in his hand disappeared, and so did the monstrous physical strength of the Barbarian. Instead, a gloomy white death energy clouded him like mist.

At the same time, the Necromancer’s skills were activated as well.

【Corpse Explosion】!!!

Many small, almost invisible clouds of death energy shot out of Fei’s palm. They flashed through the thin gaps between the shields and entered the corpses that were kicked into the center of the new formation.

“Explode! Explode! Explode! Explode!” Fei yelled in his mind. Suddenly, behind the ‘steel wall’ that blocked Fei’s path, there were large ‘booming’ sounds, and then daunting screams followed.

He 【Corpse Explosion】 used.

The enemies that were hiding behind the Tower Shields was scorning Fei’s decision to throw corpses at them. If a few corpses could create chaos, they wouldn’t be called elites. However, not even in their wildest dreams would they have ever expected the corpses to explode like that. The explosions were intense, too. The dense blood and minced flesh instantly penetrated their leather armour, and the exploding bone fragments were like arrows that easily penetrated their metal armour.

Because they did not pay much attention to those corpses, the causalities were huge.

More than twenty enemies were instantly killed without even making a sound. There were more unfortunate enemies who got their limbs blown off, but didn’t die right away. They rolled on the bridge as they screamed painfully. There were also a couple of really unlucky enemies who didn’t get injured at all, but due to all the chaos, they were accidentally bumped off of the bridge into the fast current of the Zuli River. Their heads came up out of the water a few times as they tried to survive, but they were soon ‘devoured’ by the current and disappeared……

【Corpse Explosion】 was too powerful. It even caught black knight [Two] by surprise and a bone fragment had penetrated his left arm. It left a hole about the size of a thumb, and blood just wouldn’t stop flowing out. Although he had energy in his body to add more defensive abilities, it wasn’t enough to entirely block the damage from 【Corpse Explosion】. If he wasn’t wearing that black mask, his soldiers would all see his pale and twisted face.

None of them knew why and how the corpses suddenly exploded and caused another round of chaos.

On the other side, Fei’s charging speed didn’t slow down at all. After 【Corpse Explosion】, he instantly switched back to Barbarian Mode.

With the return of his physical strength, he roared as he stomped the ground with both of his feet. The hard stone bridge formed cracks as he initiated the Barbarian’s skill – 【Leap】.

“Whoosh!”

Like a magnificent mountain that suddenly took off, Fei’s body created a large shadow under the bright sun. He jumped up at least 5 yards (m) high and leaped over the iron hedgehog like Tower Shields and Dragon Lances, and was about to land onto the enemies behind them.

“You’re dead now!”

Black knight [Two] saw that this opponent ‘flew’ over the frontline and didn’t have any weapons. He knew that it was a great opportunity. He didn’t care about the injury on his left arm; he also jumped up as he concentrated all his energy into his right arm, and stabbed his sword at Fei.

He was trying to use his delicate and efficient sword techniques to kill the ‘bull’ in front of him who only had strength.

He was confident that he could win the battle in mid-air, since he was way more agile. With the opponent wearing such heavy armor, he was sure that he had at least one hundred ways to penetrate the ‘beast’s’ heart without getting him dodging.

However –

“Fuck off!”

Fei shouted in mid-air and kicked [Two]’s sword right on the neck.

[Two] only felt something flash before his eyes and wasn’t able to catch the opponent’s movements at all. He soon felt that his body was numb and sore, as if he was struck by lightning. He wasn’t able to hold onto his sword and it was kicked off of his hand and flew off like an ant in a storm.

“Puuuuu-!”

Blood rushed out of [Two]’s right hand. It was torn open by the handle of the sword from the power of Fei’s kick.

However, [Two]’s nightmare didn’t stop there. Before he landed on the ground, Fei gave him another kick.

This time, Fei kicked [Two] right in the chest. Crunching and cracking bone sounds came from inside of [Two]’s body, and a deep and terrifying foot shaped ‘hole’ appeared on his chest. Suddenly, his fall accelerated and he smashed onto other enemy soldiers. The enemies fell down like Dominos, with a background music of screaming ……

[Two]’s heart was crushed into pieces after he was kicked in the chest. There was absolutely no life inside of him. He didn’t make any sounds when he finally fell to the ground… he couldn’t be any deader.

His eyes were open wide and filled with shock, as if the last question on his mind before he died was how a one star warrior could die like a chicken under the feet of a man who didn’t even have energy.

Of course, if [Two] knew that the man he was about to take on was the ‘beast’ that killed two one star warriors in yesterday’s siege, his first reaction would be to escape as fast as he could and not take on this man to try to accumulate military credits.

Unfortunately, life didn’t give any second chances.

When Fei was a level 5 Barbarian, he was able to easily kill one star warriors. After he leveled up the level 12, he could kill guys like [Two] by simply waving his hands.

After seeing their own commander being killed in a single kick, the formation became even more chaotic. Fei landed firmly in the middle of all the enemies and called upon his axe. After a white flash of light, the barbarian’s huge, dangerous axe was in his hands once more.

“Tink, tink, tink, tink – !”

He did a ruthless 360º spin, almost forming a blade storm. It sliced all the enemies who were coming close to him, including their weapons. Under the spilling blood, Fei quickly approached the tower shields. He applied all his strength, and all the support beams for the shields and lances were chopped into pieces of scrap metal under the reflection of sunlight from the blade of the axe. All the tower shields that were covered by the three layers of metal were also chopped into two pieces and were kicked off the bridge into the Zuli River. They created many ripples in the water.

The Tower Shield-Dragon Lance formation that was once considered indestructible in many people’s eyes had just been torn apart like a soft slice of bread. Moreover, it had been torn open by Fei, AGAIN!

“Charge! Clean out these bastards!”

Fei switched between Necromancer mode and Barbarian Mode and destroyed the newly reassembled Tower Shield-Dragon Lance formation in less than a minute. As many people were still in a big shock, Fei waved at the strongmen who had just drank the diluted 【Stamina Potion】, and signaled them to charge.

“Bam, bam, bam, bam!!!”

If felt like a heavy cavalry was charging when the twenty two strongmen began running. It gave people who were watching an illusion of the whole stone bridge shaking under their feet, ready to collapse at any second.

The blood and pieces of flesh on the twenty two sets of armour made them look like demons from hell.

Last Chapter





* * *





Chapter 50




Chapter 50: Hail the King

“Boom!”

More close combat fights erupted, and blood and limbs began to fly everywhere.

The armoured strongmen charged into the chaotic sea of enemies and the massive weapons danced in their hands. The enemies were sent flying off of the bridge like kites; they fell into the river like dumplings and were washed away by the fast currents……

Fei didn’t slow down, either. His axe returned back to being the Grim Reaper’s sickle; it wiped out everything that it touched, like a broom sweeping up the dust. After every strike, there were fewer people on the bridge.

Fei intentionally increased his charging speed this time. To increase his speed, he paid less attention to the strongmen behind him. He only killed the enemies that were directly in his line of sight after he had broken into the enemy’s formations. The enemies that slipped through Fei’s axe were left for the strongmen to handle.

This way, their pushing speed would be much faster. However, the strongmen were facing more pressure. The enemies were all well-trained soldiers. Most of them were veterans and some of them even had tiny amounts of energy. In combat, their attacks were somewhat threatening to the strongmen. Although their armour protected the strongmen from the blades, the shocks that came with the attacks numbed their body parts. Soon, some of the strongmen became lightly injured, but they knew that there was no way Rather than hoping to kill more enemies, they didn’t want to become a burden on their king. No matter how severe their injuries were, they bit their teeth to endure the pain and followed their king closely.

Fei had discovered this was well. He spun his huge axe and created another blade storm. He turned the approaching enemies into ‘dusts of blood’ and filled the battlefield with sounds of cracking weapons and bones. He then quickly switched modes again.

Barbarian Mode disappeared

Paladin Mode was initiated.

Suddenly, a divine and pure energy came out of Fei’s body and surrounded the ‘iron men’ behind him. Fei stomped his feet, and a golden ring expanded from his body. All the strongmen felt that the injuries in their bodies were healing quickly as soon as the ring covered them. Their waning strength was recovering at an insane rate, and even their confidence and courage were boosted.

It was Paladin’s Aura 【Prayer】

“Hail the King!”

Pierce yelled as he sensed it. He felt his blood burning and really wanted to kill more enemies. His war hammer was like an extension of the God of War’s arm. After a horizontal strike, the cracking sound of metal breaking was as dense as putting cold water into a pot of boiling oil. Four or five enemies screamed as they were blown away by the hammer and flew off of the bridge into the river……

“Hail King Alexander!”

Drogba followed. He gripped the sword that an enemy was striking him with using his left arm, and chopped at the enemy with the axe in the right hand. “Snip”, the head of the owner of the sword was sent flying to the sky.

“Hail the King!!!!”

The rest of the strongmen roared together. Their damage output skyrocketed, as if they had transformed into wild tigers. Even Warden Oleg who was timid and at the very back seemed to be influenced by the atmosphere. He was finally able to properly use his one star warrior’s strength and chopped the three enemies in front of him.

“Shit, that man is a holy knight!”

“Wow, battle ring, that’s a battle ring……God! It’s the [Ode of Life] battle ring……”

“Fall back! Retreat!……Ask the commander to send star ranked warriors to kill this holy knight……Damn, since they have a high class holy knight who has acquired the [Ode of Life] battle ring, we won’t have a number advantage at all……”

After the gold ring appeared under Fei’s foot, gasps and shouts sounded from the enemies.

……

As professional soldiers, the enemies knew exactly what having a high level holy knight in battle meant – holy knights were super healing machines. As long as a holy knight could continue the [Ode of Life] battle ring, the opponents would never run out of strength and stamina. Especially on a thin bridge like this, with a bunch of strong beasts and a high class holy knight, there was only one outcome – a one sided massacre.

After they thought about it, some enemies who were brave enough to plan to gain back control by using their number advantage began to doubt themselves again; their courage was like a thin layer of snow in a hot summer day. It quickly melted and disappeared as it turned into vapour.

However, Fei didn’t give these enemies time to retreat.

“Roar —– !!!

Fei stomped his feet again and the miracle reappeared.

A green ring expanded from his body and had a radius about 5 to 6 yards (m); all the strongmen were empowered as well. Suddenly, Pierce, Drogba and the other strongmen felt like their strength had more than doubled. The enemies were way weaker, like fragile ceramics. They would fall off of the bridge or ‘fly’ to the sky after they were just barely touched by the strongmen’s weapons.

Paladin’s Aura – 【Might】 appeared in the real world for the very first time.

“Ohhhhhhhhh shit! It’s the [Double Damage] battle ring……”

“God, a double ring……that man acquired a second type of battle ring? Da fuck?”

“Retreat……We’re no match……Archers! Shit, where are the fucking archers? Shoot them! Quickly!”

The enemies’ eyeballs almost popped out of their eye sockets again; they were almost having a mental breakdown.

The situation on the bridge was even more chaotic. If the first golden aura had only forced the enemies to think about giving up and retreat and shake their confidence, then the second green aura had definitely crushed them. They had no courage to fight back anymore.

On Azeroth Continent, holy knights had way more deterring effects due to the existence of the influential Holy Church. Many formal holy knight groups had taken important seats among all the other powerful and deeply-rooted forces on Azeroth Continent. Holy knights could be assembled into formations and sweep their enemies easily, and they could also fight individually. Their insane endurance, along with all the mysterious supportive battle rings that granted abilities such as healing, damage, and curses were the worst nightmare for any army. Holy knights were the star players in any battlefield.

Therefore, after Fei used the Paladin’s auras, the whole Tower Shield-Dragon Lance formation gave up their defense and started retreating as fast as they could.

There were many similarities between the Paladin in the Diablo World and the Holy Knight on Azeroth Continent. Some Paladin’s skills and auras looked a lot like the battle rings of the Holy Knight. This caused the enemies to believe that Fei was a holy knight and acquired battle rings, so they had no courage to fight at all.

Under the deterrence of a Holy knight as well as the death of [Two], the commander of the formation, the enemy soldiers escaped as if they were mice that had seen some big cats. The level of chaos was getting worse and worse. Some of the enemies were bumped into the river by others, and some even ran in the opposite direction and were made into porcupines by Chambord’s archers.

Most of the enemies turned around and tried to rush back to their base. But due to the chaos, they ran and pushed against the formation that was guarding the siege ladders.

“Great opportunity! Charge!”

Fei saw the enemies retreating as fast as they could after he used the auras – 【Prayer】 and 【Might】. Although he didn’t know why, he knew it was a splendid opportunity to charge forward. He shouted as he charged with the strongmen and soon dismantled the Tower Shield-Dragon Lance formation.

The formation that could block off heavy cavalry charges only lasted less than two minutes under the crazy charge of Fei and the strongmen and was turned into piles of limbs and shattered metal.

The thin bridge turned into a road of death and blood.

“Pierce, Drogba, push those siege ladders into the river, quick!”

Fei made a path to the next formation with his axe and finally approached the siege ladder. At that point, they had pushed about 60 yards (m) into the bridge. Fei blocked off the flooding enemies on his own and commanded Pierce and Drogba to organize the strongmen and destroy the siege ladders.

“As you wish, Your Majesty!”

The two answered, and their weapons were like windmills in their hands and smashed a number of enemies away. Then, they roared as they targeted the siege ladders.

“Boom! Boom!”

Although the enemies who were guarding the siege ladders fought back aggressively, they were no match. The two siege ladders were soon pushed into the river by the strongmen. It created a huge splash of water as if a huge creature was billowing below the river.

Their morale was high; after they destroyed two siege ladders, like a pack of hungry wolves, they roared as they charged towards the remaining four siege ladders. Once they destroyed all the siege ladder, they would have completed half of the mission.

At this moment –

“Moo-moo-moo!!!”

Clear and crisp bugles sounded from the south bank of the Zuli River.

Many commands were communicated to the enemies who were battling on the bridge through different melodies and lengths of the bugle sounds. However, the enemies stared at each other and couldn’t execute the commands. The series of commands were for the Tower Shield-Dragon Lance formation, but the formation that was once honored as the number one defense in the army had been wiped out by the group of ‘beasts’ under their desperate charges.

No one could have guessed that only twenty-ish men could destroy more than a hundred well trained tower shield dragon lance soldiers. Although the time gap between the deliveries of two sets of commands was only two minutes, it was useless now.

It was too late!

Last Chapter



* * *





Chapter 51




Chapter 51: The Push

In just two minutes, the specialized defense formation had been wrecked.

In contrast, the twenty three opponents didn’t suffer any casualties at all. They tirelessly continued their murdering spree and pushed forward unstoppably.

The thin stone bridge had turned into a road of death to hell. The enemies had no way of resisting, and could only slowly face their end in wails and screams under the call of the Grim Reaper.

Quickly, the remaining four siege ladders were pushed off of the bridge into the river hundred yards (m) below. They were swallowed by the fast current and disappeared in seconds.

“Forward!”

The twenty three roars in unison shook the sky. The strongmen were enraged at their homeland being invaded on. Their blood burned as they followed their king resolutely. The twenty three beasts looked like they had just crawled out of a pool of blood in hell; blood dripped off of every part of their bodies.

They pushed four or five hundred yards (m) into the mile and a half long bridge.

After destroying the siege ladders, the trebuchet formation was next. But farther into the bridge, it got thinner and thinner. At the centre of the bridge, it was less than 2 yards (m) wide. It was also the most dangerous place on the bridge. The fast current somehow formed a giant swirl and periodically created a bizarre suction force underneath the bridge. If an ordinary person didn’t pay attention, they would be sucked into the river and get devoured.

The battle was continuing.

Fei along with his loyal strongmen were getting closer and closer to the six trebuchets as they pushed forward. Back on the defensive wall of Chambord, it was filled with cheers and applause. The soldiers and the new recruits shouted, trying to give all the energy they had in their voices to the intense bridge battleground.

Sometime during the battle, even the scared and weak citizens had climbed onto the defensive wall. They were holding various tools that could help with the defense and yelled with craze as they watched their king and loved ones rushing into the enemies and getting their revenge. That scene was deeply engraved onto their souls, and they would probably never forget it even when they passed away.

The beautiful Angela and Emma were scared to watch and covered their eyes with their fingers as if they were watching a horror movie. However, they couldn’t hold back their care for Fei and peaked at the battleground through their fingers. They screamed every time the situation got dangerous and hugged each other and cheered every time Fei had turned the situation around.

The number one warrior Lampard stood firmly on the defensive wall.

From the beginning of the battle when Fei jumped off of the defensive wall to him destroying the Tower Shield-Dragon Lance formation, as a three star warrior, Lampard had seen and understood the situation much better than the other people. Although his expression was calm and collected, Alexander’s power created a storm in his mind. It was clear that Alexander had at least three different types of mysterious yet strong powers – the monstrous physical strength, the white cold energy and the holy knight-like divine energy. This had confirmed Lampard’s hypothesis – the young King Alexander was the one who had displayed four different types of powers in the watchtower.

“What exactly happened to Alexander that allowed him to return back to normal and grant him such strong powers? Is it really the God of War……”

Lampard wouldn’t wrap his head around it.

But deep in his heart, he wanted Alexander to continue his mysterious miracles. He suddenly became emotional; he looked up to the clear blue sky. It seemed like he had seen a familiar face and was gratified, “Old friend, you can see your son being so brave and strong in heaven, right? Maybe one day, he can grow powerful and can help us find the missing Helen……”

……

The south bank of Zuli River, on a hill.

“Impossible! This is impossible! Shit……Someone tell me, how could this happen? How could this happen?! That man is a holy knight? A dual battle ring holy knight? But he clearly didn’t have any energy before……My tower shield formation……Unforgivable!”

The silver masked knight stared at the battlefield. He was calm and collected, but was now a bit sluggish.

He couldn’t believe what he saw.

The elite formation that he was proud of vanished into thin air under the challenge of a bunch of dogs.

He was enraged; a blue energy shined around his body and the temperature around him dropped a couple of degrees. Like an iceberg releasing all of its cold energy, the horsewhip in the silver masked knight’s hand was frozen into an icicle and crushed into icy bits.

Had there ever been anything that embarrassed him more?

The strategy that he considered invincible was smashed into pieces by twenty-ish low lives. His pride and sweat, the Tower Shield-Dragon Lance formation didn’t even hold on for two minutes. Two minutes! Not even enough time passed for him to give commands and it had turned into piles of junk and flesh!

This sudden defeat was an unbearable blow to the silver masked knight, who was conceited and had never lost a battle in his life. To him, it felt like he was a god who controlled everything, and was punched to the floor by a dirty beggar. Moreover, the dirty beggar stepped on the god’s face with his stinky and abscess-filled feet.

“I swear! Not a single creature will be left alive after I conquer this dirty kingdom! I will skin all of the dirty slaves of Chambord and hang their skins on this bridge……I will chop up their flesh and bones into pastes and feed it to the reckless King of theirs!”

The silver masked knight roared angrily.

His blue energy force field was looming around, then quickly expanded. After a white, cold energy blew through, the saddle on his horse condensed into a layer of frost. The precious battle horse that he was riding froze into an ice sculpture; its blood and flesh froze instantly.

The black knights behind him didn’t dare say a word. They all lowered their heads and shut their mouths. The horses that the black knights were riding felt the danger too. They all backed off while being disturbed, and fear filled their eyes. They looked at the silver masked knight as if he was a bloodthirsty angry beast.

No one made a sound on the hill.

Last Chapter





* * *





Chapter 53




Chapter 53: Enemy’s Response

“Haha, great! Daddy has been waiting for you!”

Fei was expecting Landes to show up. In the dark, an assassin was dangerous, but once the assassin exposed himself, all his hidden danger would be gone. That was why Fei was relieved, rather than surprised. He laughed as he used his long prepared 【Leap】. He stomped his feet and he flew up off the dust. He held his axe tightly and concentrated his full strength into this one strike.

“Rip –“

This strike produced an almost inaudible noise, as if someone was tearing up a thin piece of paper.

Compared to the three star warrior Landes’ [Explosive Sun Strike], which was so fancy that its energy almost covered up the sky, Fei’s strike was plain and looked like a lumberjack was hacking at a tree.

But to everyone’s surprise, Landes’ 4 to 5 yard (m) long energy slash which seemed to be able to destroy the sky was chopped in half by Fei’s axe. The two waves of energy flew past Fei and disappeared after a small explosion.

At the same time, very quickly-

“Tink, tink tink, tink, tink!”

Numerous sparks appeared in mid-air. The two were fighting in mid-air at a speed that human eyes couldn’t even follow. The sound of metal colliding and sparks from the collisions were suddenly the center of the battle. Soon, both of them roared and backed off……

“Tap, tap, tap!”

Both of them were pushed a couple steps back and breathed heavily as they landed.

In the series of exchanges, both of them had used their most powerful skills. Landes relied on his sophisticated sword techniques. Like a phantom, he stabbed at Fei twenty eight times in a single breath. Because the axe was very heavy, Fei only was able to strike six times; he tried really hard to block the attacks with his huge axe most of the time……

Both of them didn’t leave any wounds on the other’s body as they had wish. Although Landes kept his calm demeanor, he was inwardly shocked.

He started to rush towards Fei and the strongmen right after he received the command from the silver masked knight, but due to the large number of retreating soldiers and the fast pushing speed of Fei and his followers, he wasn’t able to arrive on time until the Tower Shield-Dragon Lance formation was destroyed. The spearmen and swordsmen formations were dismantled and the siege ladders and trebuchets were almost all gone.

When he finally arrived at the center of the battlefield, he instantly identified the unstoppable opponent who was covered in blood and leading the massacre. It was the ‘beast’ who injured him on Chambord’s defensive wall yesterday. The bloodiness and wild nature of the ‘beast’ had left a scar in his mind, and he was still a little bit scared of the ‘beast’ even after a full day. He was hesitating and didn’t attack right after he arrived.

Landes gave up his pride as a three star warrior and hid in the chaotic sea of soldiers and attempted a sneak attack.

He was trying to finish off his nightmare off with his [Explosive Sun Strike], but who knew that the ‘beast’ seemed to be ready and didn’t panic under the sneak attack. The beast jumped up and chopped the air in half with his physical strength and cracked his proud technique [Explosive Sun Strike].

“What level of physical strength does he have?”

From the mid-air combat, Landes felt the ferocious strength of his opponent. Compared with their previous battle, the beast’s strength had increased by almost double. Every strike of his that hit the “door-sized” axe caused his arm to become numb from the force of the impact. It was as if he was trying to pierce a hundred-layered iron.

After Landes landed, he didn’t dare underestimate Fei. He gathered up all his energy and maintained his peak strength. Red energy flames covered him completely, which got rid of the numbness in his arm. He was ready for battle.

On the other side.

After that short exchange, Fei had also obtained a lot of information.

The physical strength of a level 12 Barbarian was enough to handle a three star warrior and their energy, but the Barbarian class lacked proper techniques. Fei sharply sensed that although Barbarians were the masters of close ranged combat and could master all types of weapons, they hadn’t developed a complete system of techniques. Except for their incredible special skills like Warcry, the combat skills and techniques of Barbarians were sorely lacking compared to the warriors on Azeroth Continent.

“It looks like I have to spend some time to learn more combat skills and techniques.”

Although Fei was thinking, his movements didn’t slow down at all. He hit his armour with his axe. “Tink!” It sounded as if the sound smashed the enemies in their hearts. Then he roared to the sky “Bless me, God of War”, and his axe turned into a blade storm in his hand and struck at Landes.

“Tink! Tink! Tink! Tink! Tink! Tink!”

The sound of metal colliding.

Landes’ attack speed was way faster than Fei, but his strength was not as strong. Whenever Fei striked, Landes’ sword would turn into a shadow and pierce at the same spot on the axe a couple times to cancel out the terrifying power of the axe.

It was a battle between two different types of power.

One was wild and powerful, full of destruction.

One was complex and dense, and could strike more than ten times in a second.

Landes had utilized his three star warrior’s energy completely. The spilling energy flew away from the battle like meteorites. They smashed into the bridge, causing small pieces of stones from the bridge to fly everywhere.

In a while, more and more dust and stone chips were blown to the sky; even the blood and limbs on the ground were blown up. They spun and whirled in the air and slowly formed a red cyclone. Looking from afar, it was like a growing bloody red tornado.

The tornado grew bigger and bigger and completely enveloped Landes and Fei. Only sounds of metal colliding and loud roars came from inside the tornado, and the people on the outside couldn’t see what was happening on the inside.

The battle was very aggressive.

The bloody red tornado had separated the bridge in half. Both the strongmen such as Pierce and Drogba on the north side and enemies on the south side of the bridge couldn’t participate in the battle. They had to stand far away and observe. They had to wait for the result of the battle; they felt intense and their hearts beat wildly.

Because of the ‘break time’, the chaotic enemies had slowly calmed down. Some enemy officers shouted and commanded, trying to reassemble their formations. After the Supervision Team chopped off more than twenty heads of deserters and placed them on the tip of their lances, the chaos finally stopped.

Seeing this comforted Landes, who was having a hard battle with Fei. He yelled at a couple of enemy officers, “I will hold him off! You guys go and kill off the rest of them!”

The effect of the battle between Fei and Landes was too powerful; the whole bridge was cut off and the ordinary soldiers couldn’t pass through it. They would be blended into pieces along with their weapons and armour by the overflowing energy. However, it wasn’t that hard for the officers who possessed some energy. After hearing Landes’ shout, a couple enemy officers who were desperate to earn military honours jumped up and moved towards the strongmen to kill them, while trying to avoid the battle between Fei and Landes.

“Fuck off!”

Fei roared as he saw what the enemy officers wanted to do.

A terrifying power hit the enemies like a sound wave and shook their souls.

It was the 【Howl】 of the Barbarian.

The level 5 【Howl】 was much stronger than the 【Howl】 Fei used on Landes the day before. It had not only scared Landes and caused him to attack slower, but also terrified the four enemy officers who jumped up. Their energies froze for a second in their bodies; they all fell from mid-air into the bloody red tornado and were blended into meat paste by Fei’s axe.

“Hiss!!”

A series of gasps filled the bridge. Taking the life of four enemy officers who were all almost one star warriors using only a shout was a performance that almost caused the soldiers on both sides to bite their tongues. The enemy’s newly reassembled formation was getting chaotic again; many enemies felt their legs trembling uncontrollably.

“Don’t be scared! Keep going, the master had commanded: anyone who kills an enemy on the bridge will be rewarded 1,000 gold coins……”

As Landes pressured Fei with thirty three continuous strikes, he encouraged the officers. Bravery would appear under heavy rewards. The quality of the enemies was demonstrated by the reward; dozens of officers who possessed some level of energy jumped up and flew towards the strongmen.

“Die-!!!”

Fei roared again, 【Howl】 was initiated and the devastating mind power exploded.

“Whoosh, whoosh……!”

Five or six enemy officers fell off again and were blended as they screamed. However, Landes reacted quickly this time and [Explosive Sun Strike] was aimed at Fei’s face. The red flame energy filled the sky and suppressed Fei’s power. Finally, about eight of nine enemy officers were able to successfully jump over the bloody red tornado and grinned evilly as they sprang towards the strongmen.

Last Chapter





* * *





Chapter 54




Chapter 54: Together with the King

Instantly, Pierce and Drogba roared and led the charge on the enemies; the battle between the strongmen and the enemy officers began.

The strongmen, including Pierce and Drogba didn’t have any energy, and their fighting techniques weren’t as sophisticated as the enemy officers who had more experience in wars. They were no match to the enemy officers fighting one on one, but fortunately they had more men, as well as the help from the ‘magic water’ in the red and blue water bags. None of them were afraid of death, so their fighting style was made to literally perish along with the enemies. Oleg who was a one star warrior, so he was able to hold for a while; no one was sure who would emerge victorious in this battle.

However, casualties were unavoidable.

An enemy officer dodged the axe strike of a strongman, and sung his sword like a poisonous snake; it went through the tiny gaps between the pieces of armour and penetrated the strongman’s stomach……

The strongman’s body froze under that injury; it obvious that he wouldn’t be able to live through it.

But before the enemy officer could laugh and pull out his sword, the officer was horrified to discover that the man he had severely wounded threw away the axe and locked him down with his arms. The strongman’s clamping arms strangled him tightly, and the officer had a hard time to breathing. Before he could react at all, the wounded strongman shouted, “Hail King Alexander!” and viciously charged, aiming at the other enemy officers. In a series of gasps, the strongman shoved two other enemy officers who didn’t have time to dodge, and all four of them fell into the river. Instantly, they were turned into piles of white bones by the human-eating water beasts that had gathered under the bridge.

The self-sacrificing strategy of the strongman had scared all of the other enemy officers.

“Breno!!!”

After seeing the strongman Breno fall to his death in the river, Pierce felt like someone had stabbed him in the heart. He didn’t dodge and let one officer pierce him through his leg, and then he countered with a powerful smash. The smash had knocked the enemy’s head into his chest.

The battle was getting more and more intense, and both parties had suffered casualties.

The autumn wind blew through the battlefield and echoed the solemn and tragic atmosphere in the sky.

These strongmen may have only been unremarkable and ordinary people, but they all shined with unparalleled glory following Breno’s shout and decisive and tragic leap into the Zuli River.

The strongmen who were showered in blood had built a wall of flesh with their lives on this ancient stone bridge; even if they had to die, they would protect their kingdom and families behind their backs.

Under the shadow of blades and the flurry of blood.

The heroes’ marching steps were firm and steady. Even if they were pierced by blades, even if their arms were chopped off, even if blood spurted in their helmets…they would never take a step back. They all yelled, “Hail the King!” as they charged into the enemies who were stronger than them. They didn’t hesitate to block the way of the mocking enemies who possessed energy and wanted to slaughter them.

The intensity of the battle couldn’t even be described. Eventually, the enemy officers were shaken by the murderous will of the opponents and didn’t dare face the group of opponents who were weaker than them. They were scared and some of them turned around and tried to escape……

Numerous people stood on the defensive walls of Chambord silently as tears filled their eyes. Flames of anger were burning in everyone’s eyes. Their blood was boiling uncontrollably and their hands which were holding weapons started trembling from anger. Some soldiers couldn’t hold back anymore and roared as they glided down the rope that was hanging off of the defensive wall. They were willing to support their troops and families who had built that human wall!

Fei who was battling the three star warrior Landes witnessed all of that.

After seeing the strongman Breno jump into the river with the enemy, an unprecedented sadness filled his heart, as if he had lost a loved one. Fei felt something was burning in his body, and if he didn’t relieve it soon, he would be burned into ashes……

Fei roared as he turned around.

The twenty two strongmen were brought out of the castle by him. Except for Breno who had already sacrificed his own life, Fei swore to himself to bring the twenty one strongmen back safely to Chambord.

Landes left four or five startling wounds on Fei’s back as he turned around, but Fei didn’t acknowledge him at all. The axe turned into a blade storm again in Fei’s hand and chopped the remaining enemy officers into pieces. Fei shouted to the rest of the strongmen, “Retreat……Go back, go back to the castle! Warriors, our mission has been completed!”

However –

“We will stay together with the King – !”

It was a unanimous response from the strongmen; there was no hesitation. Some of them still had broken blades stuck in their bodies, shocking bloody holes in their armour, and were only able to stand up with the help of their companions. However, their decision was as firm as a mountain and none of them wanted to back off.

Fei was touched and anxious at the same time.

He struck horizontally to rip through the air and dodged Landes’ snake-like sword that was stabbing directly at his head. Fei shouted, “Pierce, I command you as the king: bring my warriors back to Chambord right now! Don’t disobey my order…… Trust me, I have a way out of this.”

Pierce lowered his head and avoided Fei’s eyes.

As a soldier of the King’s Guards, he had thousands of reasons to stay behind and fight alongside the king. If the king was as unstoppable as before, retreating was also an option. However, all of them could see that after the appearance of the enemy’s three star warrior, Alexander couldn’t battle as easily as before. Both of them were equally powerful, and none of them could defeat the other quickly. If they retreated right now, it meant that they would have left the King behind in an extremely dangerous situation……They would rather bleed and die on the battlefield than leave their King in danger.

After avoiding Fei’s stare, Pierce and Drogba led the strongmen to drink the water in the water bags silently. Before the wounds on their bodies could recover properly, they reformed their awl ‘V’ formation and Pierce acted as the awl tip and led the charge.

“Your Majesty, the siege ladders and trebuchets have already been destroyed. We will stay behind, please return back to Chambord!” Pierce yelled as he charged.

Fei didn’t say anything as he saw that.

He knew that in this situation, even if used his stats as the King, he wouldn’t be able to command the stubborn warriors back to the castle. He changed up his fighting style and gave up any kind of defense. He also took on the self-sacrificing strategy, and aimed every strike at the vital points on Landes’ body.

“Hahaha, you are cornered! This is useless, none of you can live!”

Landes’ laughed. He had already saw their victory, so he didn’t fight Fei with his full force. If he could drag out the battle with these fully armoured opponents, as time went on, they could exhaust the opponents with their number advantage.

Fei definitely understood Landes’ plan.

He even saw the teams of enemies that were approaching the bridge carrying long bows and huge arrows in their quivers on the other side of the bank. Although they were still almost a mile away, his Barbarian instinct warned Fei about the great amount of threats those archers had.

However, Fei suddenly felt something much more threatening than those archers,causing his mind to become clouded. The terrifying feeling made him feel like he was the target of deadly snake who was sneaking up on him.

Fei had quickly identified the source of that threatening feeling –

On the tip of the south side of bridge, a black cloud of fog was slowly diffusing. A black figure was steadily moving inside the cloud of fog, and Fei who was experienced and had a clear understanding of magic under the Sorcerer Mode could clearly sense the strong and aggressive magical power field around that figure. It was beyond Fei’s expectation; even under the assault of the most powerful boss he had faced in the Diablo World – Griswald, he didn’t feel that threatened……

“It’s a master mage……Far beyond a three star rank!”

Fei was shocked. Instantly, he knew that the real danger was about to arrive.

He didn’t expect a super boss to hide in the enemy’s troops. The situation turned from bad to worse. Once that figure in the black fog got closer than three hundred yards (m), which was the average magic coverage of spells, Fei and the strongmen wouldn’t have any chance to escape.

What was even more daunting was that the appearance of such a mage meant that all the hard work they had put into this mission was wasted. A mage that was above three stars was over twenty times more threatening to Chambord than the six trebuchets.

Hei guiz, If you wanna play diablo 3, its 5 bucks off. Help defend me from getting shanked by Fish balls please. tyty XOXO

LINK



Last Chapter



* * *





Chapter 55




Chapter 55: Fei’s Plan

“I must find a way to kill that mage!” Fei thought.

With Fei’s strength, he was having a hard time fighting a three star warrior; to kill a mage who had an even higher rank than three stars and was under the protection of the enemy troops would have been as difficult as going to the moon. He was trying to think of a possible plan while he was in combat against Landes, but he couldn’t come up with anything. Even if he was in Barbarian Mode, Paladin Mode or Sorcerer Mode, his power and strength were no match for a mage that was possibly four or even five star ranked.

In a few moments, the strongmen had approached. They wanted to surpass Fei and block off three star warrior Landes to help Fei retreat.

“It can’t be delayed!” Fei decided.

He knew that time was very tight. Any kind of delay could result in their complete annihilation.

Fei suddenly roared and initiated Barbarian 【Howl】 again. A frightening wave of mind power swept out and scared away the approaching enemies. After pushing Landes back a little with his strike, Fei suddenly jumped into the air. His hands held the axe tightly and struck down as if he wanted to chop a mountain in half.

This strike was too powerful. Sparks emerged from the blade of the axe from the friction in the air, as if a meteorite was about to hit the Earth.

Landes was surprised; he didn’t dare take on this strike.

“Boom!”

Suddenly, the bridge cracked, and dust and stone chips flew everywhere. The whole bridge seemed to shake. Some large rocks that were attached to the bottom of the bridge fell into the river; the impacts created a series of skyrocketing water columns!

“Hahaha, you chicken! A three star warrior can’t take my strike?”

Fei mocked Landes. He stood on the bridge firmly and pointed the tip of his axe at Landes. At that moment, it felt like he wasn’t the only one standing there, but rather there were thousands of troops behind him. The domineering impression created an oppressive feeling for the enemies who were ready to make their move.

“Go back!”

After Fei mocked the enemies, his expression changed and he shook his arm.

A huge amount of strength was sent from his arms, and he pushed back the strongmen who were about to charge past him. Faced with the physical strength of a Barbarian, the strongmen felt like they had run into a hard wall and stumbled as they were sent back.

Before anyone could react, Fei jumped up again just like before and concentrated his strength and chopped down.

The axe blade turned red again under the high speed that created friction in the air. With a burning sensation, the axe was aimed at Landes. It had unparalleled momentum.

In mid-air, Fei yelled, “Haha, who dares to take this on?”

No one dared. Including the three star warrior Landes, all the enemies backed off to hide from this strike.

Within the thousands of enemies, no one dared to take on the beast who had blown open the Tower Shield-Dragon Lance formation. When faced against beasts who sacrificed their own lives to take down ensues, their only option was to back off.

But Fei didn’t take that as an answer.

He continuously jumped up and chopped down at the enemies, not caring about his stamina at all. He was like a mad beast, pushing into the enemy grounds step by step. No one dare to stop him, nor even respond to his stares.

“Tree! Tree!! Tree!!! Tree!!!! Tree!!!!!”

“What? No one dares to take me on?”

“Hahaha, are all of you cowards who hide your heads in your pants?”

“Pooh! Landes, where is your pride as a warrior? Come fight me!”

“Who dares to battle with me?”

“……”

After every single strike, Fei would mock the enemies and take a step forward.

His proud expression was like an emperor glancing at his own territories, and no one dared to look at him. Every time Fei took a step forward, the enemies would tremble and take a step back. Even Landes was pressured by Fei’s strikes; he didn’t doubt that if he took Fei’s strike head on, even with the energy shield of a three star warrior, he would be chopped into two pieces. That fear forced him to move back continuously.

In just seven or eight seconds, Fei had struck eight times.

All these strike smashed onto the bridge like lightning and the whole bridge shook violently. Many huge stones and rocks fell into the river and killed dozens of bloodthirsty water beasts who were fighting for the corpses. The surface of the river turned into the colour red.

The enemies had backed off sixteen or seventeen yards(m) from the pressure of a single man and his axe.

After the eight strikes, Fei paused and started laughing. The enemies backed off slowly in the laughter of their opponent.

Fei glanced at the enemies disdainfully, then he suddenly took a couple steps back rather than forward and jumped up again – Barbarian 【Leap】. He jumped up five or six yards (m) into the air and struck down with all the strength he had.

This strike was surprisingly not aimed at the enemies, but rather at the surface of the bridge behind him.

“Crack-!”

The axe Barbarian Fei was using couldn’t handle his monstrous strength anymore, and the thick black twisting handle whined and broke in half.

The huge power collided with the surface of the bridge and the loud sound caused everyone to instantly cover up their ears. The enemies who were close and weren’t that strong had their eardrums shattered, and blood flowed out of their ears. Some enemies were so stunned that they couldn’t stand properly and fell off of the bridge……

The power of the strike that Fei demonstrated felt like the wrath of the gods.

All of the enemies’ faces were pale.

After the shock, many people including Pierce suddenly had a question on their minds, “Why would Alexander turn around and strike the bridge?”

After the dust and stone chips cleared, everyone could see past the bridge again. Fei stood on the bridge and his chest heaved heavily. It was obvious that after such desperate strikes, Fei was exhausted.

He stood there quietly.

With half of the axe handle in his hand, Fei stared at Landes with a sneer on his face.

For a moment, a rare silence spread through the entire battlefield.

Everyone could even hear their own rapid breathing.

Suddenly, something happened.

“Crack-!”

Everyone heard a tiny sound.

The tiny sound was as soft as the whining of insects, but it hit everyone’s heart as hard as thunder. Everyone couldn’t help but panic, they were horror-struck as they found out that spider web-like cracks appeared under Fei’s feet.

Suddenly, like a flash of light, many people understood Fei’s intentions – Fei’s nine terrifying strikes weren’t done for the purpose of killing enemies, but to create cracks on the surface of the bridge. The whole bridge was covered with cracks and began to collapse.

The stone bridge started to shake violently.

“Crack! Crack! Crack!”

The cracks were getting bigger and bigger.

Huge support stones and rocks broke off of the bridge and smashed into the Zuli River hundreds of yards (m) below and created large ripples in the water.

“Shit-! The bridge is about to collapse!”

Landes almost crapped his pants. Even if he knew what Fei’s intentions were, he didn’t have time to stop him. He stomped on the ground aggressively and used his energy to push himself back quickly. Even if he was a three star warrior, if he fell into the fast flowing river, there was no way for him to survive under the sharp teeth of the thousands of bloodthirsty water beasts.

Last Chapter



* * *





Chapter 56




Chapter 56

Chapter 56: The Collapse

The re-organized formations were in chaos again and every single enemy was screaming and fighting to escape first.

The bridge was shaking more intensely as time passed. Fei was the only one standing still in the middle of the bridge which was filled with the largest cracks. He was very calm as he quickly planned his next move.

He took out a bottle of 【Normal Healing Potion】 and a bottle of 【Stamina Potion】 and chugged them down under the cover of flying dust and stone chips. All of his fatigue went away and his wounds instantly began to recover.

Soon, he was back at his peak state. Except for the holes in his armour and his broken axe, his body didn’t have any problems. Not even a scar was left.

The potions from the Diablo World were just too magical.

At the same time, the strongmen on the north side of the bridge were shocked.

They surprisingly found out that King Alexander was standing in the middle of the crack, yet he was just standing there and not moving for some reason……They all thought Fei was exhausted and didn’t have the strength to move anymore. If the bridge collapsed, falling into the river would be too dangerous, so they were all terrified for Fei.

“Damn……Quick, save the king!”

Pierce rushed forward to Fei’s location like a mad god.

The other strongmen reacted the same way; they forgot about their bleeding wounds and risked their lives to rush to save Fei.

“Come back; you guys are crazy!”

At this time, Drogba kept a rare calmness; he grabbed Pierce and pulled him back swiftly. He roared, “If all of us go there, our combined weight will cause the bridge to collapse faster……We need to send someone who’s fast to go and bring the back the king speedily.”

“I will go! I’m the fastest!” After Pierce mulled for a second, he shouted as he was about to charge again.

“Hehe……You aren’t as fast as me.” A sly expression appeared on Drogba’s face. He hit Pierce on the back of his head with his axe handle and knocked Pierce out. He rushed towards Fei as he laughed, as if he had gain something super advantageous. He yelled at his peers, “You guys don’t need to come, I will help the king. Hahaha, take care of that whited haired idiot……”

After he said that, he charged even faster than a cheetah. The bridge was cracking and collapsing; Drogba used agility that wasn’t proportional to his huge torso and rushed to Fei in just a couple seconds. He didn’t say a word as he planned to grab Fei by the waist and put him on his shoulders to run back to the north bank of Zuli River.

“The f**k……Drogba? What are you doing here?”

Fei was concentrating on perfecting his upcoming plan and was surprised by the huge figure that sprang out of the dust.

“Your Majesty, the bridge is about to collapse, we need to get back!”

Fei was about to say something, but the part of the bridge under his feet suddenly shook aggressively. The biggest supporting stone finally collapsed and fell into the river. Many water beasts opened their big bloody mouths in anticipating to bite them……

“There’s no time to do that!”

There was no way back, as the part of bridge that linked back to Chambord was gone. Fei grabbed Drogba’s hand and used Barbarian’s 【Leap】. He powerfully stomped on the collapsing bridge, and the force caused the stone that Fei was stepping on to break off of the bridge completely. Fei jumped into the air with Drogba in his hands and ‘flew’ towards a safe location.

However, the direction that he leaped wasn’t towards the north where Chambord was at, but rather

…… it the south where the enemies were at.

“Boom!”

Fei landed with Drogba firmly on a part of the bridge that was dozens of yards (m) away from the crack. This part of the bridge hadn’t collapsed.

Finally, the dust that covered up the sky cleared up. The intense shaking of the bridge eventually calmed down as well.

Everyone could see the half collapsed bridge – There was now a gap about sixteen to seventeen yard (m) wide in the middle thinnest portion of the ancient half artificial bridge, as if a god had cut it in half. The current under the bridge whizzed as it quickly flowed downstream. The gap had become a natural barrier; after the collapse, the enemies had no way of getting to Chambord. Only star ranked warriors would be able to get across with the help of roped hooks; ordinary soldier couldn’t get across unless they had wings.

Fei and Drogba stood on the edge of the gap. Behind them, there was the sixteen to seventeen yard (m) long death zone, and the current and the water beasts weren’t a joke.

In front of them stood thousands of enemies. Their blades shined with bloodthirst, and they all had murderous gazes.

To these two, this……was definitely a dead end; there was no way they could make it out of this situation alive – unless Chambord could find a way to get Fei and Drogba back, or if they could kill all the enemies in front of them……But both ways were impossible.

On the defensive wall, numerous hearts sunk.

The soldiers’ and citizens’ face turned pale, and they couldn’t utter a sound. Three star warrior Lampard frowned; beside him, the fairy like Angela bit her lips tightly and blood started to flow out. Crystal clear tears rolled off of her cheeks like rain drops, and Emma was sobbing silently in Angela’s arms.

On the south bank of the Zuli River, the silver masked knight stomped with fury.

After the collapse of the bridge, the plan of conquering Chambord in a short time was ruined. The long gap between the two sides of the bridge blocked them off as if it was god’s will. It was insurmountable.

“Kill them……Kill them!”

The silver masked knight pointed at Fei and Drogba. His sense of superiority, confidence and feeling of having everything under his control had all disappeared. His entire body started to shiver uncontrollably as if he had a sudden seizure; he couldn’t even speak properly. He screamed frantically and lost all elegance in his demeanor.

His subordinates had to rub their eyes to make sure that it was the same person. For many years, they had never saw their commander go crazy like a stimulated psycho. Without his usual calm demeanour, the mad appearance was lower than that of a beggar on the street that was starving to death.

On the partially collapsed bridge.

Landes was relieved after the dust cleared. In this situation, the two opponents could only die in his hands. They had no way back and no chance to escape; no matter how powerful one was, even three and four star warriors wouldn’t outlast thousands of soldiers.

Landes was confident, “Haha, you low lives, you’re dead now…..Dead! I will smash each of your bones, and cut off each piece of your flesh. I will make you beg for your death!”

Landes slowly approached Fei and Drogba with a nasty grin on his face.

Behind Landes, the enemy troops began to move forward slowly as well under the pressure of the supervision team. The chilling murderous sensation blew at Fei and Drogba, and the atmosphere became extremely depressing.

Ordinary people would’ve already broken down under such situation, but –

“Phew……Looks like both of us are going to die here. Do you regret it?” Fei didn’t even look at the approaching enemies, he turned around and smiled at Drogba, “Are you scared?”

“To die beside the great warrior King Alexander is my Didier family’s honour…… Didier Drogba will never regret this!” After he said that, the strongman who had wounds all over his body held his axe tightly, decisively stepped forward and stood in front of Fei. His glared at the enemies and roared, “Hahaha, I have killed enough today…… Ball-less bastards, if you want to harm my king, you have to step over my dead body!”

The roar was as loud as thunder.

Even Landes who was the three star warrior was a little intimidated by the roar of a person who was far weaker than him, which caused him to pause his steps. The enemies behind him reacted worse; hundreds and thousands of them were flustered and jumped as they backed off a couple steps.

At the moment, Fei’s blood started to burn again.

Before this, Fei had asked himself repeatedly, “Why should I fight this hard? I’m only a passenger who accidentally came to this world. Wars, death, fighting, blood…all of these are irrelevant to me. If I wanted to leave, with Diablo World as my ‘gold finger’, I could survive anywhere else……Why would I fight so desperately?”

……



* * *





Chapter 56 Part 2




Chapter 56.2

Chapter 56.2: The Solution

“Why would I fight so desperately?”

“Is it for the weak, yet kind and beautiful Angela？“

“Is it for the loyal and brave Brook and Pierce, and my soldiers?”

“Is it for the desperate and defenseless weak and elderly citizens who see me as a god and their only hope?”

“Hehe, since when did I become this great?”

Fei taunted himself many times. He doubted and questioned his decision more than once. But at this moment, seeing the strongman standing in front of him, the strongmen on the other side of the bridge who were madly trying to get across and the soldiers who were trying to rush out of the castle to support their peers and their king……Fei suddenly felt like there was nothing to hesitate about, and that everything was the way it should have been.

This was the decision of a real king.

After breathing in the air filled with the smell of blood from the battlefield, Fei walked beside Drogba. He smiled and said to the strongman who was pumped and ready to die, “When you get back, pass on my commands. Tell Brook and Lampard to stop our soldiers and citizens and make them retreat immediately. Regardless of what happens, don’t leave the castle……Remember this. This is my command as the king. It doesn’t matter who it is, everyone must obey, or else it will be considered treason!”

“What? Back……” Drogba was confused. He didn’t get what Fei meant.

At that moment, Fei suddenly took the axe out of Drogba’s hands and held the strongman by his waist. He tensed up his upper body and lifted Drogba off of the ground. He turned around and used the momentum of the rotation to throw Drogba away.

Drogba didn’t any time to react. He just felt like his body was suddenly light.

The next moment, his vision blurred as he flew through the wind. In a series of gasps, he was thrown like a sandbag by Fei and flew over the big gap. He landed on the other side of the bridge. Fei’s throw had demonstrated the Barbarians’ ability to utilize their own strength; Drogba smashed into the other half of the bridge and glided four or five yards (m). There were tons of sparks on his metal armour from rubbing against the bridge. His body finally stopped gliding at where the rest of the strongmen were standing. Aside from a slight dizziness due to the fall, Drogba wasn’t injured at all.

“Go back! All of you!……Trust me, I will make it back!”

Fei’s voice came from the other side of the bridge. It went through the whizzing current and was clearly heard by Drogba, Pierce, Brook, Lampard, Angela and everyone else. It echoed in the sky and didn’t disappear for a long time……

After he shouted, Fei threw away the axe that he took from Drogba and suddenly charged forward. Like a blizzard, he rushed towards Landes and the enemies.

“You’re dead! AHAHAHAH!”

In this situation, after seeing another opponent escaping in like that, Landes was enraged. The series of losses despite having such a huge advantage was making him go crazy. He stomped his feet to push himself forward and took Fei head on; the red flame energy surrounded his body and shined like the sun. Landes was definitely at his peak.

“Hahaha, I’ll send you to hell with this one strike and separate your head from your body!”

Fei wasn’t scared, and he laughed as he provoked Landes even more. During his charge, Fei suddenly changed to Sorcerer Mode, A powerful magic field surrounded him instantly and the air beside him heated up.

“Whoosh!”

A series of fireballs appeared and shot at Landes.

Sorcerer Fire Spell – 【Fire Bolt】

Next, “Crack

le, crackle”, a series of silver lightning balls flew towards Landes from Fei’s palms.

Sorcerer Lightning Spell – 【Charged Bolt】

That wasn’t the end.

After the lightning, “Crack, crack”, the temperature of his surroundings dropped like crazy. A cloud of ice energy appeared in Fei’s palm; it formed into an ice ball and also flew towards Landes. It froze the air around it as it travelled in mid-air.

Fei didn’t hesitate and used all three skills of the level 3 Sorcerer. After depleting all the mana of his mana, he switched back to Barbarian Mode and sped up his the charge.

A gold light flashed by.

He called up the substitute weapon of the Barbarian – 【Azure Spiked Shield】 and 【Storm Sabre】.

On the other side, Landes was in a panic due to Fei’s Sorcerer spells.

Not even in his wildest dreams would he have guessed that the opponent was a mage too.

However, a three star warrior wasn’t that weak. He dodged the series of fireballs easily. But before he could adjust his position, the series of lighting balls was sent right in his face. Landes tried to block them with his sword, but the lighting balls exploded before they touched his sword. The silver lightning exploded in every direction and many of them landed on Landes’ body. It numbed his body and slowed his movement down for a little bit.

But after his red flame energy quickly got rid of the lightning energy in his body and he was about to fight back, the ice ball occupied his entire vision. Although he was strong, he wasn’t able to dodge this time.

“Boom-!”

The ice ball landed and a thin layer of ice covered up his body instantly.

Before he could use his red flame energy to melt the ice, he saw a quick flash of gold light and his neck felt cold. Landes felt like he was flying and saw a familiar figure. It was his body, the head on top of the neck was missing, and blood was spurting out like a water fountain……

“I’ve been……beheaded?”

That was the last thought that came to his mind. Before he could feel any fear, his consciousness faded……





* * *





Chapter 56 Part 3




Chapter 56.3

Chapter 56.3: Breakdown

Everything was quiet. There were white clouds in the blue sky.

On the bridge.

With the gold sword in his right hand, the half transparent shield filled with hooks on his left forearm and the head of the three star warrior Landes in his left hand, Fei stood tall and firm. Blood was dripping on the ground and left a series of blood stains……

Behind Fei, blood spurt towards the sky from the neck of the headless corpse of Landes.

“Tink!” The sword slid out of the corpse’s hand and made a crisp sound when it hit the ground. Then, the body that had infinite strength a second ago slowly fell down powerlessly, like a rotten tree……

A three star warrior couldn’t even handle one strike, and ended up beheaded.

Landes’ eyes were still wide open on the head in Fei’s hand. It seemed like he didn’t even have time to process what had happened. His nasty grin froze on the face; there was no life left in his eyes.

The majestic three star warrior was powerful and unchallenged when he was alive, but now he was no different from a beggar after he died.

Fei sneered as he slowly walked forward. His steps were light, but every time he took a step, his enemies who were in shock and panic backed off ten steps……

Fei gave no dominating speeches, nor any murderous stares. He just walked forward quietly.

He didn’t even look at the thousands of enemies in front of him. His looked past the scared enemies and stared at the black energy cloud further away. An intense pressure came from that magic field, and the sense of danger Fei felt in his mind was continuously getting stronger.

“How can I kill this mage?”

Fei thought to himself quickly.

His fight with Landes looked easy, but it wasn’t at all for him.

First of all, he switched to Sorcerer Mode and used all the three skills he had – 【Fire Bolt】 to attract Landes’ attention, 【Charged Bolt】 to numb Landes’ body and alter his movement and 【Ice Bolt】 to freeze Landes up for a half a second. The whole process was precisely calculated and Fei had executed it perfectly; that was how Fei was able to kill the tough enemy.

Speaking of actual strength, Fei wasn’t anywhere near as strong as Landes. However, the skills in the Diablo World were mysterious and bizarre. Fei used that to his advantage and took Landes by surprise, which was how he was able to successfully challenge the three star warrior.

However, the figure in the black energy cloud was way stronger than Landes. Moreover, since all of Fei’s trump cards had been used on Landes, that mysterious mage probably observed all of them. The skills from the Diablo World wouldn’t be as effective anymore because the enemies had now taken precaution. Moreover, Fei’s tricks and strategies were child’s play considering the significant gap between the power levels.

Numerous thought rushed into Fei’s head, but he didn’t slow down his steps.

He approached the enemies slowly. On the other side, the enemies felt like they were a bunch mice facing a lion and couldn’t help but step back chaotically. They even lost the courage to look at Fei. The monster’s series of incredible battle records—especially his terrifying performance of taking the three star warrior down with one strike—had dismantled the morale of the elite enemies, causing them to fall apart.

“Drip, drip.”

Thick scarlet blood and white bone fragments slid off the deformed and ruined armour. Fei left a shocking trail of blood as he walked forward. It felt like Fei was walking through a garden; there wasn’t any noise or violence. However, the enemies were devastated and fled like the plague. They were retreating so quickly

that although the supervising team tried to execute the escaping soldiers, they couldn’t stop them. Some enemies even rushed up towards the executing supervising team to escape faster……

“AHHHHH……Archers, shoot him! Quick! Shoot him!!”

After seeing Landes beheaded by that ‘Iron Beast’, the silver masked knight almost fainted. He screamed at the archers harshly.

Seeing the large gap on the bridge, he felt defeated. He knew that there was no reason to fight anymore today. Chambord was now an invincible castle. To the silver masked knight, he had thousands of ways to conquer Chambord easily, but somehow he didn’t know why he had lost so tragically. He felt that his strategies were very carefully planned out. He utilized all his resources properly and didn’t underestimate the enemies……But he lost, and his troops suffered a heavy loss.

After staring at the figure who was slowly walking up the half collapsed bridge without any soldiers daring to stop him, the silver masked knight suddenly realized that he had ignored something important in this battle – He never thought that the enemy king’s strength could improve this fast. The king was only barely able to force Landes to back off yesterday, but now the king was able to invincibly charge into his formations and behead Landes with a single strike.

“Going from one star rank to three star rank?”

No one could have thought of that, but it was a weight that could change the balance of the scale of victory. All of the silver masked knight’s strategies had turned into Fei’s advantages…… If he had known that Fei had a strength similar to a three star warrior, he wouldn’t have positioned all of his formations on the thin bridge .

“But, how?”

“Could it be …… that man increased two star ranks in a single night?”

The silver masked knight’s pupil contracted. He was shocked by his hypothesis. “If that’s true, then what kind of monster is this man? Is he the reincarnation of God of War himself?”

“No, I can’t let a man like this live on, or else……”

After thinking about the reign of terror that could occur if the enemy’s strength was fully developed, an unprecedented fear overtook the silver masked knight’s mind, and a cold sweat covered his body. The mysterious mage’s wish of keeping Fei alive was thrown out of his mind, and he screamed at the arrow piercing formation, “Follow my command, shoot the piercing arrows……Shoot him down! Quick……quick, quick, quick! Right now! Quick!”

“Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!”

This was probably the only command that the silver masked knight sent in this battle that was on time and effective. After his command, numerous bowstrings were drawn, and they left a series of afterimages from their vibrations. In the sounds of the vibrations, many huge black piercing arrows were shot into the air; like a crowd of bloodsucking leeches, they grinned as they covered the entire sky over the top of the bridge.

“Shit!”

After seeing this, the mysterious mage in the black energy cloud shouted angrily. He was planning to capture that beast alive and obtain his secret of easily switching between powers, but after this round of arrow rain, even if the beast was made out of iron, he wouldn’t have any life left inside him.

On the half collapsed bridge.

Fei suddenly raised his head and saw the sky covering arrow rain; it felt like the call from the Grim Reaper……the enemy commander didn’t care that his own soldiers were on the bridge and would be caught up in the arrow rain.

Facing this danger, he lifted his left arm and covered up his handsome face with the 【Azure Spiked Shield】. Then, “Tink! Tink! Tink! Tink!” like many hammers smashing against his body, painful sensations overwhelmed his nervous system……

At the same time, on the bridge.

Many black armoured enemies wailed as they fell down under the arrows of their fellow soldiers. Like the saplings under the axe of a lumberjack, they were instantly shot down without any resistance. Blood spilled everywhere and the sounds of wailing and crying were louder than the whizzing of the current. The lethal arrows pierced through the enemy soldiers’ eyes, thighs, heads, chest, and feet…… Some severely injured, but not yet dead soldiers wailed as they tried to crawl back to their base, dragging along with them a long trail of blood.

The bridge became a literal hell.

Further away, the silver masked knight stood on a hill on the south bank of the Zuli River and watched everything tensely. The blood, wailing and cursing of his own soldiers entered his vision and ears, but were filtered out instantly. The only thing that he cared about was the figure.

But what made him angry and scared at the same time was that after the first round of arrow rain, the monster that was fully armoured and covered in blood all over his body was swinging his sword and circular shield. He was struggling to block the arrows, but he wasn’t injured fatally.

“Archers, don’t stop, keep on shooting!”



* * *





Chapter 56 Part 4




Chapter 56.4

Chapter 56.4 : The Death

“Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!”

The arrows covered the sky like “dark clouds” with pointed tips, almost like stars at nighttime, flying towards the bridge.

“Tink!Tink!Tink!Tink!”

These arrows made for penetrating armor were harvesting all the lives wherever they were falling. The arrow heads were like the tip of the Grim Reaper’s sickle and had pierced through all the armor and obstacles in their way, even denting huge holes on the bridge.

The arrows had no emotions, they whizzed down on the bridge volley after volley, endlessly killing every soldier left.

Soon, there weren’t any lives on the bridge. The enemy soldiers who were wounded and whining and crying moments earlier couldn’t be more dead now. Every corpse had a ton of arrows attached to it; the white fletching made them all look like hedgehogs.

The silver masked knight stared at that figure.

Finally, what he wanted to see happened – that demon had finally stopped moving. Arrows were pierced into every part of his body, he looked like a giant chicken with all the feathers from the arrows sticking out. Soon, “Tink!”, the sword and shield fell out of his hands and disappeared when they hit the ground,and “Bam”, that figure had finally collapsed to the ground..

“Dead, Hahahaha! Finally dead……He is finally dead!”

The silver masked knight shivered as he laughed crazily. He stooped and teared up while continuing laughing, unclear if he was happy or sad. To the last, he continued laughing as he kneeled to the ground. His voice became hoarse and filled with madness as his laughing turned into crying……

His grasped the grass on the hill where he was standing with his hands; and tears rolled off of the silver mask uncontrollably.

Finally dead.

That man was finally dead.

But his three thousand elite troops were also finished. Not only did they suffer heavy casualties, but the soldiers who survived were all frightened to death. They didn’t have any courage left in them to hold their weapons and step on a battlefield again. What made him even more mad was that he had lost more than half of his personal black knights who were all one star warriors, not even mentioning that the three-star warrior Landes also lost his life in the battle.

The silver masked knight was pushed to the verge of mental breakdown by that beast.

On the battlefield, after seeing that figure had finally fallen down, the enemy soldiers all held on to their neck and started breathing heavily, as if the Grim Reaper had let go of his grasp on their lives. The mountain like pressure that was on their minds had finally lifted and the shadow of death disappeared. Some enemy soldiers went insane. They laughed as the tears rolled down their faces.

Before this, they could never imagine that one man, only one man could dismantle an entire army.

The mysterious mage was enraged, but after he saw the collapsed expression on the silver masked knight’s face from afar, he held back his anger and decided not to argue with him. After thinking and changing expressions, he order a couple transfixed soldiers beside him: “You guys, go move that corpse and bring it to my tent.”

The majesty of a mage had called back the souls of the soldiers who were almost going to break down. Quickly, a couple strong soldiers rushed over to the corpse that was full of penetration arrows, lifted it up, and followed the mysterious mage back to his tent.

The corpse was heavy. With the ruined metal armor and arrows, it weighed almost three hundred pounds. The couple enemy soldiers who were carrying the corpse were sweating; they didn’t even dare to look at the corpse. The murderous sensation from

the corpse was shattering their souls causing the soldiers who were following the mage to shake uncontrollably.

“You guys can leave now. Doesn’t matter what happens in here, don’t let anyone in and disturb me.”

After they had arrived at a black, gloomy tent, the mage ordered the soldiers to put the corpse in the middle of the tent and told them to leave. The soldiers felt like they had being given an amnesty and rushed out of the tent as if they were running for their lives. The air in the tent smelled damp and musty, and was faintly mixed with the smell of rancid corpses. Weirdly shaped sharp tools and bottles were hanging from everywhere. The whole place felt like a slaughterhouse and none of the enemy soldiers wanted to stay in there for even one second.

The mysterious mage closed the curtain to the tent. He also carefully placed a couple small defensive magic arrays at the entrance as security. Then a blue flame flew out of his hand and ignited the brazier hanging off of the middle of the tent. The blue flame was fainting and flickering. Although there was a fire, the tent was still filled with coldness; everything felt creepy as the hell.

“Hoo, hoo, hoohooo……”

The mysterious mage;s laughter sounded like an owl. A greedy light shined in his eyes as he stared at the corpse on the ground. He spoke to himself with a slight regret: “Too bad we didn’t capture him alive…… But fortunately I had acquired some undead magic, maybe I could figure out the secret to switching powers from dissecting his corpse. Hoo hooo hoo…… After getting this secret, I might be able to break through the bottleneck of the four star rank that had been holding me back for many years and advance to the five star rank. Advancing to the moon rank wouldn’t be just a dream anymore, Hohohooo!”

His laughed hoarsely. Stooping his back and not being able to wait any longer, he touched the armor on the corpse with his withered bamboo like finger and was about to take it off and started dissecting……

But when he turned the corpse around strenuously so it was facing upward and laid his finger on the buckle of the armour, his smile froze and an unprecedented shock came on his face.

Even though the mysterious mage was powerful and thoughtful, he was trembling in fear.

It wasn’t because he was timid –

Any one would freak out if they saw a corpse suddenly smiling at them. The mage’s nerves reacted normally.

“You……Impossible……You are still alive?”

The mage shouted as if he saw a ghost, but he quickly shivered in fear.

What was going to happen when a monstrous warrior was that close to a defenseless mage? The mage’s face turned pale. A dense cloud of energy appeared out of nowhere and started to spread throughout the entire tent rapidly. The mage wanted to protect his body, like a drowning hapless guy would try to climb up on a tiny piece of floating wood. To a mage, they had to protect their weak bodies with their magic powers, it was almost an involuntary reaction.

A series of obscure syllables float out of his mouth, but……

“Bam -!

One punch from Fei had stopped the mage’s effort for protecting himself. The low magic chanting was cut off, as if a someone was strangling a crowing rooster. Next, the black cloud of energy suddenly disappeared.

The mage’s mouth was wide open.

Transparent saliva and white spit sprayed out of his mouth which had been chanting majestic magic spells a second earlier. Like an assaulted virgin, an unbelieving expression came on his face as he held tight onto one of his body parts – His crotch.

“Damn! So the Dong is really the weakest part of a man!”

Fei laughed as he blew at his fist and thought shamelessly. Although he was laughing, he didn’t forget to seize the opportunity; he jumped up and kick the mage’s crotch again forcefully.

The mage’s body stiffed up after that kick. The deep hoarse growl akin to a dying beast came from his throat and he fell backwards onto the ground. The black cloak fell off of his body and an emaciated, skeleton like face appeared. He was so pale and skinny that his skin was stretched tight over his skull. There was not even a single hair growing on his head.

Due to the beating of the vital body part, the poor four star ranked mage’s face turned from white to black, then to green……The powerful four star ranked mage was tearing up due to the pain. He crouched like a cooked shrimp and rolled on the ground, but fainted quickly.

“DAMN, pretending to be dead like me?”

Fei couldn’t believe that he took care of a four star mage this easily. To make sure that this “human skeleton” wasn’t pretending the faint, he walked up to the mage, after thinking for a couple seconds, he spit and he smiled evilly as kicked the mage’s crotch again.

“Crack”, Fei heard a light sound, it sounded like some sort of egg had shattered.

“Looks like he really fainted.”

Fei was relieved. His tensed up nerves relaxed as the pressure on his mind disappeared. He felt a lot more at ease and sat on the ground as he took some deep breaths.

Everything went so smoothly, it was far beyond Fei’s expectation.

During the battle, after seeing the appearance of the enemy’s strong archers, Fei suddenly had an idea – faking the death. He had a layer of the heavy metal armour, and also could call up the armor of the level 12 Barbarian – Especially the 【Arctic Fur】in the 【Arctic Gear】. That armor had a ton of defense; with the two layers of armour, surviving under the arrows wasn’t going to be a huge problem. Next, only if Fei could get into the enemy base and sneak attack the four star mage out of the blue, he had fifty, sixty percent chance of taking out the powerful mage.

Fei was worrying about how to get near the enemy mage to sneak attack, who knew that the mage was really unfortunate, and was seeking his own death. He ordered the soldiers to carry Fei’s body into his tent and wanted to touch Fei “obscenely”.



* * *





Chapter 56 Part 5




Chapter 56.5

Chapter 56.5: Torture

“It looks like when I get lucky, nothing can stop me……hahahaha, I’m the king of luck!”

Fei took off the heavy metal armour that was barely holding together, showing the Barbarian’s armour underneath. The piercing arrows were very effective and even left many dents in the 【Arctic Fur】. The force from the arrows passing through the armour had damaged Fei’s body.

“…Faking death is actually very practical!”

Fei took out the 【Normal Healing Potion】 from his belt and took a sip. His injuries recovered quickly and the pain that was seeped deep into the bones disappeared. He didn’t dare drink the whole bottle; there was about one sixth of the potion left when he put it back into his storage belt.

After he recovered, Fei began to observe the black and dark tent. The air had a stench as if numerous creatures’ corpses had been rotting and fermenting here. Under the flickering light of the blue flame, it felt quiet and horrible.

Fei’s eyes finally landed on a couple of black ropes. His eyes shined as a great idea came to mind. He decided to tie the fainted mage up. He didn’t want to kill this poor mage; in his eyes, a living four star mage was far more valuable than his corpse. As long as the mage was under his control, all kinds of information in the mage’s brain was a treasure. Chambord was only a kingdom in a remote area on the continent. There were many things about the Azeroth Continent that Brook and Lampard couldn’t even explain. Fei wanted to get more information directly from the mage’s mouth.

Fei grabbed the ropes and started to laugh evilly, “Hahahaha! How should I tie up this old bastard?”

Tying up prisoners was a highly technical job. If they weren’t tied up properly, the prisoner could easily get loose and escape. But due to Fei’s expertise from watching 18+ S&M movies, it wasn’t a problem at all for him. Fei didn’t mind putting the theories in his mind to the test.

After a few minutes.

“Phew, finally!” Fei clapped his hands as he looked at his “project”.

The poor four star mage was tied into a “human rice dumpling”. Fei used six ropes and demonstrated twelve tying methods. He made a huge knot when the rope was going around the mage’s face and stuffed it into the mage’s mouth. That way, even if the mage woke up later, he wouldn’t be able to chant any magic spells.

Of course, that wasn’t the end.

Fei was a very alert person. To guarantee his safety, he found a stubby wooden stick and shamelessly and mercilessly stuck it into the mage’s butthole. After that, he connected the stick and rope together; if the mage struggled even a little bit, the rope would move the stick and he would be r*ped continuously. That pain would cause even the toughest man to faint.

Even after that, Fei still didn’t feel secure enough. A four star mage was too powerful for him. What if that guy had ways to untie the ropes…… After some thinking, Fei crushed the mage’s bones and limbs. After seeing the fainted mage unconsciously struggle aggressively and a bunch of blood and foam coming out of his mouth, Fei knew that the mage wouldn’t wake up any time soon, so he initiated his plan with a sneer on his face.

……

……

In the enemy base.

The remaining soldiers were packing up their belongings and were getting ready to retreat quickly. Ten minutes ago, a scout rushed back to the base and reported that the scout team had discovered the traces of the Zenit Empire’s troops. It was almost certain that they were heading in the direction of Chambord. It forced the silver masked knight to give up the siege on Chambord Castle

—the silver masked knight knew very well that the reinforcements from the Zenit Empire would be a great excuse for him to retreat. After the bridge had collapsed, there was no way that his army could take down Chambord Castle.

On top of that, almost all of his soldiers didn’t want to fight near that castle anymore. What happened today had destroyed the elite soldiers’ courage; all they wanted to do was to leave this demonic land and never see that castle across the river again within their lifetime.

Everyone in the base was rushing to get things packed, making it look very chaotic. Outside the mage’s tent were two enemy soldiers. They were the guards that the silver masked knight gifted to his teacher. Both of them stood tall and strong; they were afraid that if they slacked off, the mage might find out. Before today, fourteen soldiers had been taken by the mage as lab rats for his experiments for that very reason. Those fourteen poor souls had definitely suffered unimaginable torture before their deaths. They screamed and wailed like wild beasts, causing all the soldiers in the base to have nightmares.

Both of them wished for this siege to be over soon. Once the troops retreated, they would’t have to guard this demon-like mage anymore.

At this moment –

“Hula – “

The thick curtain that covered the entrance of the tent opened and someone stepped out.

Both of the guards quickly turned around to bow and salute. But when they saw the face of the man who had just stepped out, they felt cold. Their faces turned pale, their mouths started mumbling and their teeth chattered and made a series of brittle sounds. Their tongues almost fell off and they couldn’t say a word.

“Plop!”

After a few seconds of trembling, one of the soldier’s eyes turned white and he fainted due to shock. The other soldier was better, but his body was also shaking as if he was trying to shake lice off of himself. He pointed his finger as if he had seen an undead, and his mind was completely blank. He was a little bit envious of his fainted colleague; he didn’t know what to do and had to face the demon half consciously.

“Hey man, I’m lost. Which tent is your boss living at?” Fei was afraid that the soldier in front of him was also going to faint. He put on a smile he considered friendly and bright and asked the soldier with his most sincere voice as he lightly tapped the soldier’s shoulder.

The soldier was shaking uncontrollably and couldn’t utter a word. He trembled as he slowly pointed his finger at the big black tent about fifty yards (m) away, and “Plop!” fainted as he had wished.

“Pooh!”

Fei looked at the tent further away and spit on the ground. Although the enemy soldiers were everywhere, he didn’t try to hide at all; he directly walked up to the tent. After taking care of the four star mage, none of the enemies could stop him.

After a couple seconds, someone had finally discovered the rampaging Fei. However, no one yelled nor even made a sound.

“Tink! Tink!”

In the entire base, almost all the soldiers who had seen Fei started trembling in fear as their faces turned pale. They couldn’t hang onto their weapons anymore, causing them to fall to the ground. As if they had all been petrified by a magic spell, none of them moved. They were all “shake dancing” in unison as they watched Fei walk up to the big black tent in the middle of the base.

The atmosphere was quiet, yet strange.

……

……

On the Chambord defensive wall.

“Oh God……”

“Impossible……”

“King Alexander……”

After seeing the piercing arrows cover up the collapsed bridge, many people started crying instantly. Their tears made their faces super wet and they had to hold onto one another to stand, as if their stamina had been sucked away. Lampard didn’t say a word; he jumped off of the defensive wall. Emma fainted in the arms of Angela, and Angela’s face was as pale as snow.

The sun in the sky had suddenly lost its brightness.

Everyone on the defensive wall felt the world had turned dark, as if something magnificent had suddenly collapsed.



* * *





Chapter 56 Part 6




Chapter 56.6

Chapter 56.6: The Big Win

Chambord’s soldiers and citizens lost their strength to even stand up and their weapons were dropped to the ground. They all rushed down the defensive wall and ran towards the castle gates. Everyone wanted to get onto the collapsed bridge. Even if they ended up dying, they still wanted to bring their king back. No one believed that their king who was blessed by the God of War was dead. He had to be alive; he just had to be!

In the crowd, only a few people were standing still quietly; they all had different expressions, but their excitement leaked through their eyes. Head Minister Bazzer was standing under the watchtower and was having a hard time holding back his delight, “Great! He’s finally dead!” Honestly, the strength that Alexander had shown in that battle greatly shocked and threatened him. He didn’t expect that the retarded teenage king could have that kind of power, “Was Alexander’s retarded behaviour from before all an act?” Bazzer would have a cold sweat every time he thought about that. The more he looked at the invincible figure on the bridge, the more he became terrified…… “It’s perfect! Alexander was killed in the hands of the enemies and the collapse of the bridge means that the enemies can’t threat Chambord anymore. It’s just like killing two bird with one stone! My upcoming plans can be perfectly executed now.”

Beside Bazzer, the fatty Gill had a big smile on his face.

“Alexander, you idiot! You’re finally dead, hahaha. Idiots will always be idiots. Even though you became normal, all you knew was to charge like a dumb pig and risk your life for those lowlife citizens. See, you got shut down by all the arrows!”

Gill turned his head and stared at Angela. He licked his lips as an obscene and vicious look came on his face. His eyes were filled with craze; If Brook wasn’t guarding Angela closely, Gill wouldn’t have waited and would’ve done something already……

……

……

In the huge black tent located in the middle of the enemy base.

The silver masked knight was sitting on the stone chair in the middle of the tent powerlessly. He looked at the remaining nine black knights and said in a deep voice, “Get ready to retreat. Kill all the severely wounded soldiers that can’t make it; we can’t let the Zenit Empire know that we’ve been here. Clean up the battlefield carefully and don’t leave behind any trace……I swear, one day, I Mateja-Kezman will lead the iron cavalry of Eindhoven and break this little kingdom into pieces!”

As he was saying the last part, the silver masked knight squeezed his hand tightly and trembled in anger. But at this moment, something unexpected happened –

A sharp gust of air whizzed from far away and cut the whole tent into two pieces. The tent collapsed onto the two sides, causing the bright sunlight to shine through and reveal everything inside the tent.

“I’m afraid that you won’t have a chance to go back.”

An apathetic voice sounded in the distance. The silver masked knight’s pupil suddenly contracted. He discovered in fear that the monstrous figure that was supposed to be dead was approaching him slowly, step by step. The bloody murderous sensation pressured him more and more, and he was having a hard time breathing.

“You……” The silver masked knight had an inconceivable expression on his face, “You didn’t die?”

“Of course I didn’t die. Hehe, that means you’ll have to die!”

Fei moved closer and closer. He looked as sharp as a knife. This was the first time he had seen the silver masked knight, but from the luxurious clothing and

the way the knight was protected in the middle of the black knights, it was obvious that the man wearing the silver mask was the commander of the enemies—and the culprit for the sieges and the death of hundreds of Chambord citizens and soldiers. Fei couldn’t ever let someone whose hands had been bathed in so much blood go.

Fei didn’t sense any large energy fluctuations from the silver masked knight, so he estimated that the silver masked knight was around two star ranked. That kind of power was no threat to Fei at all. He was confident that he could kill the silver masked knight with a single strike.

The surrounding soldiers didn’t dare come any closer. The silver masked knight and the black knights to his right seemed so weak compared to Fei.

“Go, kill him!” The silver masked knight yelled as he pointed his hand. The eight black knights didn’t hesitate and roared as they charged at Fei. Although they knew that they would probably die, under their strict discipline and the silver masked knight’s coercion, they didn’t dare to think twice.

“Die – !”

Fei’s expression turned cold and he sped up. His body left a series of afterimages in the air. As he was about to collide into the black knights, a white light flashed and the Barbarian’s 【Azure Spiked Shield】 and 【Storm Sabre】 appeared in his hands. Then, a 180º half-spin, causing the golden sword to turn into a flash of gold light.

“Pllkkkcchhhh!”

After eight light sounds, the eight black knights froze in their positions. Fei didn’t slow down a single bit. He turned into a frantic tornado and swept towards the silver masked knight. Although his expression was cold, a raging fire was burning in his heart.

“Haha, I’ll kill you myself!”

The silver masked knight reluctantly gathered his courage. Blue magic power shined around his body. He condense a spiky ice ball about the size of a basketball and shot the ice ball towards Fei. At the same time, a series of icicles appeared and rotated around him, forming into an ice shield.

Instant attack and defense. The silver masked knight was a two star ice mage. From his moves, Fei could tell that he had a lot of practical combat experience; he made the best decision in a split second.

“Bam!”

The ice ball accurately hit Fei.

An ecstatic expression appeared on the silver masked knight’s face. As long as the ice ball could numb his opponent’s body and slow his movements for a little while, he could use numerous magic devices and chant many magic spells to easily take down his most hated opponent.

However –

That charging “tornado” didn’t slow down at all. With an impressive speed, Fei arrived in front of the silver masked knight instantly. In the silver masked knight’s eyes, the golden sword symbolized the call from the Grim Reaper, and it pierced him continuously.

“AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH……”

Under such a dangerous situation, the silver masked knight roared like an injured bear. His magic power floated out of his body crazily and formed into numerous icicles and rotated around him rapidly, forming into layers and layers of ice shields. All he wanted to do was block the lethal attacks from that golden sword. However, he was terrified; he blocked off the golden sword for a little bit, but after having a taste of blood, it pierced through the ice shields like lightning.

“Plik!”

The golden sword was merciless and pierced through the silver masked knight’s throat.

The next moment, the last strand of life disappeared from those eyes under the silver mask. The silver masked knight couldn’t believe it. Even until the his last moment, could it possibly be that he, the high and majestic prince who was going to inherit the throne of an empire and leave his legacies on the Azeroth Continent, was going to……die in a place like this?

“Pooh……Wearing a mask? You wannabe!”

Fei grabbed the handle of the 【Storm Sabre】 tightly as he spit at the silver masked knight disdainfully. He didn’t worry about the ice chips that were on his body. He kicked the silver masked knight’s corpse as he pulled out his sword. He glanced scornfully at the surrounding enemies who were staring blankly. At the same time, the eight black knights who were standing still in their positions fell down—their lives had already been plundered by the 【Storm Sabre】.

“Hurry up and get the f**k out of here!” Fei suddenly roared.

The thousands of enemies felt like they had been pardoned when they were standing in front of an execution. They screamed as they turned around and escaped from Fei; all of them wished that they were born with two more legs so that they could run faster……

At this moment, a loud bugle sounded on the plain from further away. A large formation of cavalry charged in the direction of Chambord. Looking from afar, it felt like the cavalry were like darks clouds and were creating an earthquake.



* * *





Chapter 56 Part 7




Chapter 56.7

Chapter 56.7: Reinforcements

Fei’s facial expression changed. He jumped up to a higher hill and took a glance. Far away on the horizon where the blue sky and the green plains met, numerous elongated silver flags appeared. The flags fluttered in the wind and looked like flying silver dragons. Then, the ground started to shake and numerous silver armoured cavalry charged in the direction of Chambord like a huge tidal wave.

“From what I can see and feel, it seems that there are at least six hundred cavalry in this formation…… are they help from the Zenit Empire or reinforcements of the silver masked knight?”

Fei observed carefully. He quickly found out that the silver armoured cavalry that suddenly appeared didn’t slow down their charges at all when they saw the defeated enemies, but rather started a merciless massacre under the sound of the loud bugles. Wherever the iron horseshoes stomped, blood and flesh flew into the air. The blades and lances penetrated the enemies; it was like letting hungry tigers into a cage of sheep. The one thousand enemies screamed and whined, but they had no strength to fight back; it was a one-sided battle.

“Phew……great, it looks like they’re the aid sent from the Zenit Empire.” Fei was a little relieved. He thought about something and jumped off of the hill. He returned to the mysterious mage’s tent and was surprised to find out that there were some signs of struggling. It was obvious that the four star mage had woken up and tried to break the ropes. Unfortunately, he wasn’t successful at all—Fei’s sickening tying method proved useful. The poor mage was anally decimated, and his blood stained the ground. It seemed that the wooden stick moved when the mage was struggling, so he had fainted again due to the unbearable pain.

Fei lifted the fainted mage off of the ground and walked towards the collapsed black tent where the silver masked knight was at. Fei put the mage together with silver masked knight’s corpse, then he cut off a big piece of cloth from the tent with the 【Storm Sabre】. He wrapped the mage and the corpse together into a big package and put it beside him.

After doing that, he stood on the plains and looked at the aid sent from the Zenit Empire. At that time, the cavalry with their shiny armour were still rotating and charging to wipe out the remaining enemies. About twenty cavalries split off and charged in Fei’s direction.

Fei was about to ask them something, but he saw that the cavalry didn’t slow down when they saw him; rather, they laughed as they sped up their horses and yelled arrogantly. The lances in their hands were raised and shined with a murderous light under the sun. The tips of their lances were still dripping with the enemies’ blood and they were now aimed at Fei.

“Damn! Did these dumbasses mistake me for one of the defeated enemies?”

Fei was dumbfounded. As he was about to shout and explain himself, the knight in luxurious armour who was leading the charge suddenly laughed as he turned his body and threw his lance at Fei using the momentum of his charging horse. The two yard (m) long lance whizzed as it tore through the air and aimed at Fei directly.

“Tink!”

Fei’s expression turned cold. He raised his left arm and the 【Azure Spiked Shield】 lightly tapped on the lances; the fierce lance was re-directed into the sky. Fei felt that the knight who threw the lance wasn’t even a one star warrior. That level of attack he put out wasn’t threatening at all to a level 12 Barbarian.

“You……you dare resist? Go stomp him into meat paste!”

The luxuriously armed knight didn’t expect that his most accurate attack would be so easily dealt with by a ‘defeated enemy’ who was covered in

blood. After a brief moment of surprise, he felt his prestige being challenged.

“Tink!” He was enraged as he pulled out his sword from his waist and shouted as he pointed the sword at Fei. He and the dozen cavalry behind him kicked their horses with the spurs on their iron boots. The horses felt the pain and suddenly sped up and rushed towards Fei aggressively.

They wanted to send the enemy in front of them into the air.

“Wait……Stop! I’m from Chambord, I’m not an enemy!”

Fei had no way but to shout and explain himself.

Who knew that the luxuriously armed knight who was leading the charge didn’t rein the horses to slow down after he heard Fei’s shout. He lowered his head and accelerated the horse even more. The cavalry behind him did the same; they all had excited and mocking smiles on their faces, and the way they looked Fei was no different than looking at an idiot and a dead person.

“Damn, this isn’t right……These bastards want to kill me on purpose.”

Fei‘s heart sunk a little as he smelled something fishy. After looking at the taunting smile on the knight and cavalry’s faces, Fei knew that words wouldn’t solve any problems. He sneered as he positioned the 【Azure Spiked Shield】 onto his shoulder and bumped directly and aggressively into the charging knight and cavalry.

“Sons of b*tches, let’s see who’s tougher!” Their provocation had angered Fei.

Quickly, the one man and fourteen horses collided with each other head on.

“Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom!”

A series of loud muffled noises sounded as if they were smashing into a firm defensive wall. Filled disbelief, they were slammed off of their horses and fell to the ground hideously and couldn’t stop crying and screaming. The leading knight was especially worse off as he turned into a soccer ball and kept rolling on the ground. His luxurious suit of armour was covered in blood and dirt; his helmet was lost and his face was so dirty that he looked like a homeless beggar that hadn’t taken a shower in years.

The dozen horses were flipped onto the ground and struggled to get back up.

Fei turned around and stood still. He didn’t say a word; he just sneered at the knight and the cavalry who were struggling to get up. His expression was filled with disdain; it felt like a dragon was staring at a couple of dogs who dared to challenge him. It made the knight and cavalry feel so resentful that they almost vomited blood.

“You……” The leading knight pointed his finger at Fei, “You reckless bastard, how dare you attack the knights of the Zenit Empire? Ahhhhhhh, you are dead……I’ll kill you!” Although he was yelling arrogantly and ferociously, none of them dared to charge at Fei. His domineering act of consecutively knocking over a dozen charging horses almost made them crap their pants.

Fei had nothing to say.

“Are you a dumb pig? You shot your lance at me first and wanted to stomp me into a meat paste because you had more men……If I didn’t defend myself, should I have stood here quietly and let you kill me?……So it’s reasonable for you to kill me, but if I block you then I’m a dead man?”

The botched manners and poor performance of these reinforcements suddenly wiped out all the interest Fei had in the aid from the Zenit Empire. He picked up the cloth package containing the mage and the silver masked knight’s corpse and walked back to Chambord Castle without saying a word.

“Don’t leave if you dare, you bastard……”

Although the luxuriously armed knight was pretty scared, his didn’t shut his mouth. After seeing the opponent backing off, his courage was reignited and he pointed at Fei and cursed and provoked him.

Fei stopped and turned around; his expression was as cold as the arctic.

“If you say even one more word, I’ll kill you!”

At that moment, Fei really had killing intent. Because they were the help sent from his Parent Empire – Zenit, Fei didn’t want to make a big fuss about these dumb knights. But who knew that they would return in high spirits and provoke him again. After Fei said that, the 【Storm Sabre】 flashed a golden light. If those knights said anything more, he would show them hell.

Suddenly, a soaring bloody and murderous sensation was violently emitted from Fei’s body.

Including the continuous killings in the Diablo World and real world, no one knew how many monsters, demons and enemies died under Fei’s blade. Fei was literally stepping on mountains of corpses and seas of bloods for the last couple days. The murderous sensation had condensed in his body, and it almost became a tangible substance. Now, it soared into the sky and was as sharp as a knife when dismantling the opponent’s courage and morale.

The cavalry shut their mouths in fright; the leading knight who was the most arrogant of the bunch turned mute. Cold sweat dripped down his forehead as he felt the threat of death in the opponent’s cold eyes; he felt like he was in a freezer. He knew what Fei said wasn’t just a threat; he had no doubt that if he said anything more, he would definitely be killed.

“Pooh! Coward!” Fei swore and scorned. He walked back to Chambord with the huge package in his hands. He knew that everyone on the defensive wall had seen his fake death. He couldn’t imagine how sad and worried everyone must’ve been, especially Angela and Brook. He knew that if would definitely be in chaos, so Fei had to rush back to comfort everyone.



* * *





Chapter 56 Part 8




Chapter 56.8

Chapter 56.8: Return of the King

Just like he thought, when he reached the gap on the collapsed bridge, he saw many people crying and yelling as they rushed out of the castle gates and stumbled as they ran towards the gap on the bridge. There were a lot of people standing on the other side of gap trying to get across……

Fei’s heart was warmed. He used the Barbarian’s 【Leap】; like a giant bird, he whizzed in the air and reached the sixteen to seventeen yard (m) gap in a couple of jumps. He didn’t pause and used another 【Leap】 to jump over the huge gap with the big package in his hand, and landed in the crowd on the other side.

“It’s King Alexander……” someone cheered.

“Haha, I, blacksmith Harry knew you that were still alive, haha! How could those cowardly dog sh*ts hurt you!” An old white haired man was excited to the point of tears after he saw Fei.

“King Alexander, you……I…… amazing! Bless you…..Thank the God of War for blessing my king!” A couple paupers who were holding farming tools as weapons kneeled down and prayed to thank the God of War for protecting their king.

After a moment of surprise, all the strongmen including Pierce and Drogba threw away the ropes they were trying use to get across the gap and rushed to Fei, crying as they clung onto his legs. Twenty or so fully armoured tough men who were covered in blood and didn’t even frown when the blades and lances of the enemies penetrated their bodies were now crying like little kids.

Further away on the defensive wall.

Head Minister Bazzer’s thin and dry body started to wobble as he saw that scene. He felt his vision darken and gold stars started to appear in front of him. His mouth was wide open, exposing his yellowish-black teeth. His gray hair was messed up by the blowing wind and he murmured to himself dully, “Impossible……This is impossible……He’s still alive……How……Is he a monster? Still alive after being penetrated by hundreds of arrows? DAMN, DAMN, DAMN! AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!”

The old man felt like he was about to go crazy. Gill who was gloating on the side felt like he lost the strength in his legs and fell on his butt. “Alexander isn’t dead…” The fatty’s sharp intuition told him that, “Shit! My luck is about to disappear, big trouble is about to come!”

Under the watchtower.

“Hum……” Angela slowly awakened, still in sorrow like a withering lily who hadn’t even bloomed. Her eyes dimmed as they lost their luster. After hearing the cheers on the bridge, she turned her head and looked at the bridge through her eyes that were still blurred by her tears. But at that moment, her sight was fixed. The girl’s heart started to beat unquenchably; she saw the familiar and resolute figure standing on the bridge through her blurred vision. The sad girl quickly rubbed her eyes in astonishment…… “Oh God of War, it’s really him!!”

Liveliness and brilliance suddenly returned to the girl’s soft and weak body.

“Alexander……”

Angela whispered and tears rolled off of her face uncontrollable. Despite crying once more, this time her tears were not those of heartbreak, but instead those of joy. She suddenly stood up, wiped off her tears quickly, picked up the edge of her long dress and ran off of the defensive wall like a happy bird in spite of Brook and Lampard blocking the path to protect her.

“I have to go see him!” The beautiful girl said to herself.

She had walked through the path from Chambord to the stone bridge countless times; watching the sunrises and sunsets on the defensive wall or the bridge t

o pray for the poor Alexander was something she often did. However, she never felt that the path was this long.

She wished that she could teleport to the man’s arms instantly.

“Hey! Watch your steps……Angela……Slow down…… Relax, wait for me!”

Emma was smiling and yelling behind Angela. She skipped as she followed her; the golden ponytail on her head bounced up and down. This bright and happy scene gave Chambord’s number one warrior Lampard a big smile. A few moments ago, after seeing Fei turn into a white porcupine by all the arrows, Lampard was shocked and jumped off of the defensive wall selflessly to rush over to the other side of the bridge……But during the process, he suddenly remembered Fei’s request to protect Angela. After a moment of hesitation, he quickly returned to Angela’s side to protect her.

Thank god that Angela was okay. At that key moment, Brook was beside her, guarding her vigilantly.

Now, everything was good. Alexander returned alive and the enemies were defeated and madly retreating. The reinforcements from the parent Zenit Empire had also arrived. All of Chambord’s dangers were instantly removed. It was the happiest ending.

After Lampard thought about it, his usual calm “dead” face couldn’t help but reveal a big bright smile. It was the first time that he smiled this happily in the past couple years. He looked at Head Minister Bazzer—who was not too far away and as gloomy as a dark cloud—with that smile on his face. His provocation was clear.

Bazzer could only ‘humph’ silently.

……

On the south bank of the Zuli River.

The hundreds of cavalry sped towards the river bank and stopped after they had wiped out the thousand or so retreating enemies. A huge red carriage that was being pulled by eight horses side by side slowly pulled up and separated the crowd. The carriage was giant; it was at least three yards (m) long and was supported by four huge delicate wooden wheels. The carriage looked like it was carved as whole from a huge natural timber. Thorny floral patterns were engraved onto the carriage and the birds on it were lifelike. There were two small ventilated windows on both sides of the carriage. What was most surprising was that carriage navigator was a shiny armoured knight, and he looked powerful.

After seeing the arrival of the carriage, the luxuriously armoured knight who Fei had knocked down scrambled as he rushed to the carriage and held onto the shaft. He cried as he lied and exaggerated about what just happened, “Sis. Tanasha, that damn guy insulted the dignity of the Zenit Empire, he even insulted you……you can’t go easy on him.”

The carriage was silent for a couple seconds.

Next, a weak and soft voice replied, “Jimmy, you’re the one who provoked him, right? Now you’ve finally met a warrior that doesn’t care about your identity as the young prince of Zenit. Let your suffering this time teach you something. Don’t ever provoke anyone again……I told you many times that to become a true knight, individual strength and military feats are far from enough. Humility, honesty, compassion, courage, justice, sacrifice, honour and spirit… after you remember these eight criteria, you just might be able to become a real knight.”

The weak voice sounded like the person had just recovered from a long term illness. However, it had the power to penetrate through people’s minds; the girl named Tanasha revealed the little prince Jimmy-Tropinski’s lies and also taught her good-for-nothing little brother a lesson.

Little prince Tropinski was planning to teach that savage who dared to challenge his prestige a lesson through his sister’s hands, but he tucked in his head under Tanasha’s rebuke. He took his chances and argued again, “Big sis. It wasn’t me this time……”

“Alright, that’s the end of it. If you have any other opinions, I’ll have to make the soldiers send you back……” The weak voice sounded again in the carriage and cut Tropinski off coldly. After a moment of silence, she said, “Ask the butler Bast to come over politely.”

Tropinski stood up moodily and quietly said to the soldier near him, “Go bring that damn navigator over.”

The soldier complied and walked away.

Soon, the soldier brought back a middle aged man who was about forty years old. He was about six feet tall (180cm). His short black hair was fixed properly; with his bright eyes, tall nose, handsome face and proportionate body, although he was wearing a coarse robe, his leisurely postures made people feel like he was wearing the world’s most expensive suit. Everyone could feel a refined grace and temperament from him. This man was definitely a super handsome guy when he was young. Although he was forty-ish now, he could still charm innocent young girls easily with his appearances.

“Bast, you lowly “navigator”. Go and tell your retarded king son-in-law that the canonization ambassador from Zenit Empire has arrived and get him to come out and kneel down to greet us……” Maybe it because of jealousy between the same sex, but the little prince Tropinski was angry every time he saw the calm middle aged handsome man. He ordered Bast and emphasized the word “navigator”.

“As you wish, your Royal Highness!”

The middle aged Bast wasn’t mad at all. He curved his waist gracefully and gave Tropinski a standard aristocratic salute, then walked towards Chambord at a moderate pace. The reasonable and decent attitude made the little prince feel like his behaviour was that of an uneducated hillbilly’s; he felt so depressed that he wanted to vomit blood. However, one thing that no one caught was that after Bast had turned around, he pointed his middle finger fiercely in front of the prince.



* * *





Chapter 56 Part 9




Chapter 56.9

Chapter 56.9: Old Bastard

“Finally back at Chambord.” All the Bast’s worries had disappeared.

After seeing the firm, basically intact defensive wall, Bast was relieved, “Good, the reinforcement didn’t arrive too late. The worst case scenario didn’t occur, and the black armoured enemies didn’t conquer the castle……” When he thought about it, he sighed, “The number one warrior Lampard is here, so Bazzer couldn’t do too much. Angela and that retarded king should be safe and sound.”

The numerous ruined corpses and marks left on the wall from the intense battle struck terror into Bast. He didn’t know how Chambord held up. It was a miracle; four hundred soldiers in the King’s Guards were able to defend for five days against the siege of more than two thousand elite enemies?

After he stepped onto the bridge, the calm, cool and collected Bast was finally stunned.

“Oh God of War……unbelievable! Breaking the stone bridge? Whose idea is this? Eh, Lampard and Brook are both strong-headed, there’s no way that it was their idea……Could it be Bazzer? Since when could that old dog do something good?”

Bast lowered his head and thought.

Suddenly, he heard the cheers on the other side of the partially collapsed bridge. That was when he noticed that numerous citizens of Chambord gathered on the side for some reason and were celebrating. Under the whizzing of the fast current, he faintly heard “Hail the King!”, “Long live His Majesty!” and other similar shouts. Bast was a little surprised, “Hail the King? Eh…… They aren’t talking about the retarded Alexander, are they?”

Bast quickened his steps and then he saw another shocking scene –

His beautiful and innocent daughter Angela was sprinting towards the bridge from the castle. She abandoned all her ladylike manners; like a beautiful butterfly fluttering in a trail of flowers, her face was all red and she was breathing heavily as she separated the crowd. She laughed and cried at the same time as she hugged and jumped into the arms of the young man wearing a ruined suit of armour and covered in blood.

Bast couldn’t believe his own eyes.

“God! Since when did my pure and obedient baby Angela become this open and bold? Embracing an unfamiliar young man in public? Did she forget that she’ll become the future queen of the kingdom? Or did something magical happen since I left Chambord?”

Bast felt jumpy as he thought about it.

He felt that he needed to remind his silly daughter to never be tricked by the playful and charming words of a young man. Bast rushed to the gap on the bridge and intentionally yelled, “Hey Angela, my sweetheart! I’m back!”

……

On the other side of the collapsed bridge.

Fei was enjoying the ecstatic feeling of the warm and soft hug. Although he was surprised that his beautiful fiancée rushed out of the castle and jumped into his arms, after being stunned for a brief moment, he was full of joy. This guy thought to himself happily, “Hahaha, this should count as a perfect match, right? The hero and the beauty……”

While Fei was so delighted that his teeth were almost falling off and he was holding back his drooling urges to just to feel the beauty in his arms, someone acted recklessly and made him feel really unpleasant by shouting, “Angela, my sweetheart! I’m back!”

Fei was enraged.

“Damn!” Who is this eyeless bastard? Who dares to flirt with my girl so blatantly?”

The fire of anger started to burn unstoppably in Fei who was getting extremely jealous. Fei glanced around furiously and looked across the gap of the b

ridge by following everyone else’s sight. He saw a good looking “old bastard” who was staring at the girl in his arms “indecently”. He was definitely up to no good.

“Who the hell is that old man?”

Fei felt his fists starting to itch.

After seeing the “old bastard” continue winking recklessly on the other side of the bridge, Fei almost crushed his own teeth into pieces, and his knuckles were cracking from how tightly he held his fists. The soldiers and citizens beside Fei stopped cheering and looked at Fei with a strange expression on their faces.

Bast had left the castle with a ton of treasures from the king’s collections. Many people thought that the butler had abandoned his daughter and the retard son-in-law and ran off with the treasures. However, no one would’ve thought that he would return at a time like this. Everyone’s minds couldn’t react fast enough to this; that’s why their expressions were weird.

But Fei got it all wrong.

The king’s fiancée was being flirted at so openly, especially during his victory celebration. How was he supposed to react? Fei subconsciously thought that the reason why everyone’s expressions were weird was because……

“Whoosh!”

Fei instantly used Barbarian 【Leap】; like a tiger with wings, he jumped from the north side of the bridge to the south side. Without a word, he grasped his future father-in-law’s robe and lifted the “old bastard” in his mind off of the ground; he was ready to teach this rude crackpot a lesson……

At that moment, Angela’s shaky voice sounded, “Father, you…… you’re back!”

“Eh……Father?”

Fei was surprised. A thought flashed through his mind like lightning as his expression turned weird as well, “Damn, this old man is……is actually Angela’s father?” Fei suddenly burst into a cold sweat. Before he could say anything, the old man in his hands yelled in surprise, “It turned out to be you, Alexander. You turned normal……Ay, what are you doing, I’m your future father-in-law, quickly put me down……”

Fei was embarrassed.

He felt that he couldn’t hold onto the situation, “Darn it! What is this? Jealous of my father-in-law? This is as tragic as Oedipus in Greek Mythology who married his own mom……What should I do?”

“I can’t panic, I have to hold everything together!”

After he thought about it, an idea flashed into his head. In a second, his ferocious robe grabbing turned into an intimate hug. Fei hugged Bast tightly with both of his arms and put up a surprised and cheerful smile. He laughed, “Ah, dear uncle Bast, I missed you so much!”

“Eh, really? Why do I feel like you want me dead?” Bast had a hard time breathing in Fei’s tight hug.

“Hehe, you’re just imagining things, that’s 100% your imagination……Eh, allow me to bring you over.” Barbarian 【Leap】 was initiated, and Fei held his future father-in-law under his arms and jumped from the south side of the bridge back to the north side.



* * *





Chapter 57




Chapter 57: Mysterious Woman

The courtly old handsome man half-closed his eyes from fear. After seeing the cloudy steaming fog on the river appear under his feet in mid-air, as well as hearing the wind blowing against his ears, his mouth widened in surprise. It was then that he realized that Alexander had just jumped over a sixteen to seventeen yard gap…… “What kind of strength is that? That’s at least the strength of a two star warrior……When did Alexander acquire such power?”

Bast was curious.

He felt that he had missed something magnificent after he left the castle.

“Bang!”

After both of them got onto the north side of the collapsed bridge, Angela happily jumped into Bast’s arms as she burst into tears, “ Father……I knew you would come back!”

“Of course, because my sweetheart who’s more precious than my own life is still here.” A gentle fatherly smile came on Bast’s face as he kissed his daughter’s forehead.

However, Pierce and the other soldiers and citizens “humphed” at him with disdain.

In their eyes, the sly and greedy old fox had spent all the treasures that he took and came back to Chambord to deceive the king again and obtain more treasures. Although the “old fox” appeared very graceful, elegant and noble-like, after a couple years, even the mercenaries that passed by Chambord had seen through his true colors: a king’s butler that was afraid of death and treasured money like his life.

All the cold stares and expressions were seen by Bast.

However, not the slightest bit of embarrassment came onto the old man’s face. He tapped his daughter’s back, slowly fixed his coarse robe and said to Fei, “Alexander, it looks like something magical happened to you… That’s great! But I recommend you to change into a set of clean clothes……” After he said that, he looked at the Barbarian’s 【Arctic Fur】 which was a bit shabby. He moved a few steps back and continued, “Yassin Emperor of the Zenit Empire has send his oldest Princess Tanasha as the Royal Coronation ambassador and she has arrived with the Royal Coronation Legion. You’re turning 18 in half a month; according to the customs on the continent, you can only formally become the king of Chambord after you receive the coronation from your parent Zenit Empire…… This ceremony will be very significant; you have to prepare for it well.”

The old handsome man pointed at the shiny armoured cavalry formation across the river who resembled a forest with all their weapons pointing into the sky.

“So those dumbasses really are from the Zenit Empire……Eh wait, uncle Bast, what did you say? Royal Coronation Legion? Aren’t they the reinforcements that are here to help out in the war?” Fei frowned.

“No, we only learned that Chambord was under siege while we were on the way.”

Fei looked at the cocky and arrogant cavalry on the other side of the bank as he rubbed his chin. He laughed, “So that’s how it was……Uncle Bast, as you can see, the only way to enter Chambord is through the bridge that collapsed during the battle. There’s no way that all the cavalry can make it into the castle. Plus, my soldiers have battled sleeplessly for the last couple of days, and they’re all exhausted. How about this? Let them camp on the other side of the bank for now, and after I get the bridge fixed in a few days, they can enter the castle.”

Bast almost bit his tongue off after he heard that. “Alexander, are you kidding me? This is the Royal Coronation Legion from the Zenit Empire. I recommend you get people to start fixing the bridge right away and connect both sides of the bridge using ropes and wooden plates……” After he said that, he whispered into Fei’s ear, “They are here to officially crown you. Do you know how much effort and treasures I spent so that they could come here?”

“The bridge has already collapsed, what can I do? If those noble knights can’t wait, then they can fix up the bridge themselves.” Fei didn’t say much more after that. He turned around and announced into the crowd of soldiers and citizens, “I will be hosting a formal celebration at the King’s Palace tonight to reward and honour my brave soldiers. Everyone in Chambord is welcome and invited!”

The last sentence was directed to the surrounding soldiers and citizens. The crowd started to cheer instantly, and joy and happiness appeared on the smiles on everyone’s face.

Bast was stunned, but he soon shook his head helplessly.

He didn’t say anything more.

……

……

After he got back, Fei was physically and mentally exhausted, but he held himself up a little bit longer to oversee the aftermath of the war and the recovery programs. Although Bast had taken a large portion of the King’s collection when he left, Fei still took out the rest of the treasures that the king had. The properties were divided into dozens of shares with the help of Angela and Emma, and they were distributed to the soldiers’ and citizens’ families who died in the defending battles.

This sympathetic move made the soldiers and citizens more grateful to Fei.

Especially for the families that had lost their loved ones and were grieving, the king’s rewards were like fire in a cold winter day. It wasn’t just a rare glory; it also gave them hope to live on after they lost their husbands and sons who would normally provide for the family.

Suddenly, the reputation and prestige of King Alexander had reached an all-time high. The first thing that people would do when they met him was raise their arms and cheer, “Hail the king!” The wounds and scars that the cruel war left on this ancient castle were recovering at an astonishing speed.

On top of that, Fei diluted the half bottle of 【Normal Healing Potion】 that was left and gave it to the doctors to heal the wounded soldiers. Except for the poor ones who had lost their limbs and became disabled, the severely injured soldiers were recovering quickly while lightly injured soldiers could already go home and unite with their families.

Everyone treated King Alexander as equals to the omnipotent God of War in many people’s minds.

The final outcome of the war made some people who had ulterior motives anxious. Head Minister Bazzer and his son Gill returned to their mansion quietly after the battle ended. The gate was shut and not a single sound came out of the mansion; no one knew what was happening in there.

Warden Oleg on the other hand had lucky survived in battle. Maybe it was because he felt that Chambord was about to change, but the former flatterer didn’t hide in his home, but rather changed his superiority complex that he used to have. It didn’t matter who it was—even if it was a beggar on the street, he would smile at them and was very amiable. He firmly supported Fei’s every decision and used a hundred times his effort to execute them tirelessly while wildly flattering Fei and proving his loyalty.

“Look! There’s a rainbow!”

Someone suddenly yelled. No one was sure when but when everyone looked up, they found a colorful rainbow in the blue sky. What was more surprising was that the sky surrounding the rainbow turned misty red as if the whole sky was ignited by someone. Looking from afar, it appeared as though there was a mythological bridge standing on a red ocean.

“Lord! This is a miracle! The great God of War is blessing our King Alexander, blessing our Chambord Castle!”

Because there weren’t any rain when the rainbow appeared, many people linked the cause to their king and the God of War. In a brief moment, there were people kneeling down and praying sincerely at every corner of Chambord.

Fei stood in front of the King’s Palace and smiled.

He knew it was due to the prior battle. Numerous corpses fell into Zuli River and created many splashes of water and blood. When they evaporated into water vapour and blood mist under the hot sun, it had caused this magnificent view.

It was at this time that war exposed its rare beauty.

……

……

“Big sis Tanasha, how can that sketchy dude be a glorious and graceful king? He is a reckless and rude savage……He dared to ignore us and didn’t even give a damn about the majesty and dignity of our parent Zenit Empire……”

Little prince Tropinski fearfully arrived at the north bank of the Zuli River as he travelled through the temporary bridge that was made from ropes and wooden plates. When he entered the gates of Chambord, he was still bad mouthing Fei continuously. No matter if it was the first impression of knocking him and his followers off of their horses or the unreasonable behaviour of him ignoring the Royal Coronation Legion on the south bank of the river, Tropinski was very dissatisfied with the King of Chambord.

In fact, Tropinski wasn’t the only one who was resentful. To the superior knights of the Zenit Empire, going to a remote countryside with the Royal Coronation Legion was already a huge honour to Chambord. But the pity uncrowned king of a level 6 affiliated kingdom put up his mucky pride and didn’t welcome them fervently, and that attitude had made a lot of the knights in the legion made. If it wasn’t for the calmness of Princess Tanasha, they wouldn’t be able to wait to rush into the King’s Palace and teach the rude king an unforgettable lesson.

“Jimmy, the Knight’s Code tells us that when blaming others for their rudeness, we should reflect on our actions first.”

Tanasha didn’t listen to her little brother’s complaints at all. She still spoke with a weak and moderate tone. As the ambassador that represented the Zenit Empire to host the Coronation Ceremony, it was surprising that the Oldest Princess Tanasha didn’t mind the cold treatment. No one knew what her royal highness was thinking; she was in the carriage the whole time and didn’t make any appearances.

Below the gate of Chambord Castle.

Bast had changed into a luxurious black robe from his coarse navigator robe. Bast who now had an even more elegant temperament was waiting respectfully with two servants beside the gate.

After seeing the arrival of the princess’s carriage, Bast quickly saluted and explained, “Her royal highness, his royal highness. Our king was severely injured during the battle and couldn’t welcome you both personally; he is very sorry about this. However, we have already prepared a feast and residence for the Royal Coronation Legion.”

Honestly, this old handsome man had been extremely busy for the past three to four hours.

The young and energetic King Alexander was only thinking and focusing on showing concern for and rewarding his soldiers and citizens. Bast had to concentrate on dealing with the Royal Coronation Legion. He was the one who organized people to quickly repair the collapsed bridge. Bast’s prestige was an all-time low after he “ran off with treasures”, and not many people were willing to listen to this sly and greedy “old bastard”. However, an old sly fox was indeed an old sly fox. All he said was, “If the bridge isn’t repaired in time, the Coronation Legion will draw back the crowning of King Alexander.” The soldiers and citizens of Chambord instantly put in their complete effort into repairing the bridge. Even some lightly wounded soldiers voluntarily participated in the operation. Quickly, many ropes connected the two sides of the bridge and firm wooden plates were paved over them; the horses and the carriage were able to get across.

Bast smacked his tongue in his mouth when he was watching.

The whole process took two hours less than he thought. Alexander’s prestige in Chambord was unparalleled; it was far greater the old king’s. It looked like if necessary, the soldiers and citizens were willing to die for the king.

“Lead the way.”

After hearing Bast’s excuse, Princess Tanasha who was still in the carriage spoke. The voice still sounded weak, yet apathetic and cold. No one could get any kind of information from this kind of voice. This oldest Princess of the Zenit Empire seemed like she only had one kind of mood.

Bast nodded and bowed gracefully. He turned around and led the way.

He wasn’t surprised. Since they had left the capital of Zenit Empire – St. Petersburg, the mysterious oldest princess always had this attitude. Bast had been very curious about it in the beginning, but now he had gotten used to it.

After they entered the castle, the Royal Coronation Legion held residence in the formal Military Judge Conca’s mansion.

Because Conca was guilty of treason and was executed by King Alexander himself, the huge luxurious mansion had become the king’s property. Bast had already picked and ordered a ton of servants to clean up the mansion; he went even further and re-decorated it. This kind of arrangement had even satisfied the picky knights and prince Tropinski.

The Royal Coronation Legion had brought a lot of their own servants and maids, so Bast didn’t have to worry about that. However, this old handsome man had utilized his strength in administrative tasks; no matter how coldly these arrogant knights treated him, he treated them fairly and didn’t display any disrespect or negligence.

“Her royal highness and his royal highness, King Alexander will be hosting a celebration party at the King’s Palace tonight to celebrate the success of Chambord’s defensive war. It would be our honor if both your highnesses could show up.”

Before he left, Bast invited both Tanasha and Tropinski.

Actually, Fei didn’t mean to invite anyone who was in the Royal Coronation Legion, but Bast felt like the party would be a place for both sides to get to know each other and resolve the prior conflicts, so he decided to invite them.

“What celebration? Ha, he has the guts to celebrate? All of the black armoured enemies were wiped out by our cavalry on the plain……If it wasn’t for the brave and skilled Zenit Cavalry, the king would already be captured and imprisoned by the enemies. Haha, alright, tell your retarded king that I will go for sure. I want to see how that cheeky guy claims someone else’s credit!”

Little Prince Tropinski responded grumpily.

……

……

The sunset was as red as blood.

The mountains surrounding Chambord Castle was showering in gold light. The castle appeared quiet and peaceful under the contrast of the surging river. It felt like an aesthetic landscape painting, intoxicating and addicting.

On the stone paved road in the castle, there were many pedestrians.

Although the kingdom succeeddc in their defense and King Alexander had done many things to counter the aftermath, there were still many tasks for the citizens of Chambord to help complete. Many wooden boards, stones and heavy items that were temporarily dismantled to be used as defense tools and weapons had to be moved back. The corpses of their fellow soldiers had to be honored, and the enemy soldier’s corpses had to be burned to prevent diseases like the plague that would arise from rotting and decomposing corpses……The ending of a war meant the beginning of other complicated operations.

No one noticed the new guest on the street.

A mysterious woman whose face was under a black veil was walking casually under the protection of a fully armoured female knight. Behind them, a smiling tall blonde warrior followed them in silence.

“Your highness, the scenery of this little castle is not bad and the streets are spacious and organized. Although it can’t compare to St. Petersburg, this is rare for a level 6 affiliated kingdom.” The female knight was observing the buildings on the street curiously. But when she spotted the King’s Palace further away, she frowned, “But I think that King Alexander must be a greedy and luxurious man. If not, why would he build himself such a magnificent palace?”

“Susan, I see the exact opposite……”

The mysterious black veiled woman shook her head and spoke slowly, “There were rumors in the Imperial City saying that King Alexander was a retard who only had the intelligence of a three year old. Looking at it now, the rumors were false. If you look at the pedestrians on the street who had just went through an intense war, with some people even losing their loved ones, the smiles on their faces represent their inner happiness. Did you hear them say “Hail the king” when they greeted each other? Could a retarded king receive loyal support of this many civilians? About that magnificent palace……If you look at the color of the stones on the palace closely, you can tell that the palace was built more than eighty years ago; it’s seems unrelated to this King named Alexander……”

The mysterious black veiled women took a pause and then said, “Susan, I’m suddenly interested in the celebration party tonight. Let’s go back and prepare ourselves, you should come with me tonight.”

“Hehehe, your highness, it seems like it’s the first time you’ve participated in these kinds of parties. I will notify that butler named Bast and tell him to send someone to lead……” The young female knight was surprised.

“No need to notify him, we can go quietly…… Didn’t he say that there are no invitation cards for this party and anyone including the rich and the poor can go? Let’s go as ordinary civilians.” The mysterious woman said.

“Ha, that’s even better! At least we won’t have to deal with those annoying noblemen, hehe…… Wait, your highness. What about this annoying guy?” The female knight pointed at the blonde warrior who was following them silently as she spoke.

“Knight Captain Romain, how about you come with us.” It sounded like a recommendation from the black veiled women, but at the same time felt like an order.

The smiling blonde knight nodded, “My honor, your highness.”

……

……

The sun lowered on the west side of the sky and night embraced the land.

Lights were burning and looked like stars in the dark castle. The King’s Palace was brightly lit. More and more citizens started to crowd into the palace. In less than half an hour, except for the soldiers who were guarding the defensive wall, almost everyone at Chambord was in the King’s Palace.

The Celebration party was about to begin.

Last Chapter



* * *





Chapter 58




Chapter 58: The Accident at the Party

When talking about the magnificence of buildings, Chambord’s King’s Palace would be placed in the top three among all of the 250 affiliated kingdoms that Zenit Empire controlled. All the structures were made by collecting and assembling huge white stones. An extremely spacious stone square was right in the front of the palace. On the east, west and north sides of the square, there stood many thirty or forty yard (m) tall huge stone pillars and ten yard (m) tall statues of all the gods. The majestic King’s Palace was behind all of these pillars and statues. The gates were at the south side of the square where the citizens and soldiers could enter through.

The celebration party would be hosted at the outdoor stone square.

The celebrating crowd was gathering together at the square. Six huge bonfires burned and lit up the dark sky. There were ten giant wooden towers the citizens and soldiers had created. and they were located in the middle of the square. They were all six or seven yards (m) tall and the corpses of all the soldiers and citizens who died in the war were placed on the layers of the towers.

The soldiers in the King’s guards wore clear armour and patrolled the square and the King’s Palace with lances in their hands. The citizens were dressed in white robes and were singing and dancing. Some acrobats were tumbling back and forth on the floor, and beautiful women were held their hands together and danced around the bonfire. People held up green tree branches that represented life and hope and laughed happily.

The night wore on.

Making “clip-clops” sounds, the prince of the Zenit Empire Tropinski had arrived with his cavalry guards. The old handsome man Bast led the prince and his henchmen to the VIP seats under the god’s statues on the west side of the square. Because Zenit was their parent empire, the citizens and subjects of Chambord showed warm welcome to the prince’s arrival. Many fragrant petals and clear water were sprinkled at them.

Tropinski quite enjoyed that welcome.

At this time, Tropinski had surprisingly showed the style and grace of an empire’s prince. He smiled gently and waved continuously at the surrounding citizens. However, the cavalry behind the prince had unfavorable attitudes towards these low class people in this small kingdom. After seeing the smiles and hearing the cheers, they kept their lofty and arrogant attitude as if they were watching their dogs wave their tails at them flatteringly.

Seeing that Prince Tropinski was the only one who was here to join the party, Bast was a little disappointed. The Eldest Princess Tanasha was the leader of the legion and she controlled everything; however, he couldn’t read her attitude nor intentions. This party was a great opportunity for him to observe her, but she didn’t come……Although that was the case, Bast didn’t neglect anyone at all; he ordered the servants to watch their own manners and take care of the guests properly.

After a more than ten minutes, the crowd gradually calmed down from all the cheering and dancing. The square was quiet.

At this moment, two squads of fancily armoured soldiers walked out of the huge stone palace on the north side of the square and formed two straight lines on both sides of the path. Then under everyone’s attention, King Alexander appeared on the high stairs in front of the palace while holding the hand of his beautiful fiancée Angela.

Fei was dressed in an azure king robe. The robe was fluttering in the wind and was perfectly framed for his slim and muscular body. He was also wearing a golden leaf-shaped crown. His ink-like black hair, crystal clear eyes, stalwart figure, unparalleled temperament that he had acquire throughout his cold killings and his natural affinity had perfectly combined together. Looking from afar, he was like a god that was high up in the sky and vividly represented the monarch of the kingdom.

Beside him, the beautiful Angela was in an azure colored dress. A thin gold belt hung around her waist; her skin was finer and whiter than snow on the highest mountains. She was wearing a crown that was made from numerous kinds of flowers. With the wind fluttering in her hair, she looked like a goddess that had landed in the mortal world; pure and mighty, people couldn’t stare at her straightly, nor could they find any fault in her.

Both of them smiled as they appeared on the highest steps to the palace and they stole away the spotlights on the square instantly. Even the crystal like stars that were embedded into the dark sky suddenly lost their brightness.

The citizens and soldiers of Chambord all kneeled down and cheered, “Hail King Alexander!”

Many people had found out for the first time that their king was so extraordinary and powerful. At this moment, no one could link the perfect image of a king currently in front of them with the dumb retarded Alexander. They humbly kneeled on the square and cheered with their lives and souls.

Prince Tropinski who was sitting down in the VIP seats on the west side of the square couldn’t help but stand up. During the day, he was very dismissive about the rumoured king. He was only here to participate in the party because he wanted to make trouble and tease the king. He didn’t question his own looks and temperament before, and he thought that if he stood up on the square, he would be the center of attention and would steal the spotlight from everyone else……But now, the prince of the Zenit Empire suddenly felt a bit ashamed about his appearance. Seeing the couple in front of the palace who looked like a match made in heaven, he surprisingly realized that his disdain and dissatisfaction towards this kingdom, this castle and this king were quickly disappearing.

But what he didn’t notice was that his henchmen didn’t feel the same way. Behind the prince, a buff knight wearing a full suit of armour and a red cape stared at Angela who was still on the stairs. Greed and obscenity filled his eyes, and the dozens of cavalry and guards behind him didn’t hide their lust either.

On a side of the square.

No one noticed that at the rear of the crowd under the shadow of the huge god’s statues, three people covered in black cloaks stood there quietly. When they saw the appearance of King Alexander and Angela, the figure in the very front made a sound, “Huh?”. The voice sounded weak, as if the person was just recovering from an illness. The person sounded surprised; this reaction made the two people behind stare at each other in unison; they’d never seen that reaction out of the person in front of them before.

……

After the King and the future queen arrived, the carnival on the square had gradually stopped.

The atmosphere became formal and solemn. The crowd voluntarily made a path, and Fei and Angela slowly walked down from the high stairs and approached the ten temporarily crafted wooden towers.

The atmosphere was becoming more solemn.

Wars never ended on the Azeroth Continent, and numerous soldiers would die on the battlefield every day, every hour and every second. Burying all these soldiers’ corpses became a huge and time consuming operation, in addition to taking up a lot of land. To prevent these situation from arising, the custom of cremation of dead soldiers was formed a long time ago. No matter if it was the king, nobles, citizens or even the slaves, if they died in battle, they would be placed in one of these wooden towers and be cremated. The people of Azeroth believed that the souls of the warriors would be redeemed and they would stay with the God of War in the Empire of Gods.

According to the knowledge that Fei had crammed into his head about the traditional customs and etiquette with help from Angela, he climbed up the towers and took pieces of gold coins from Angela’s hands and placed them individually on the eyes of the dead soldiers – this was another custom on the Azeroth Continent. People believed that placing gold coins on the eyes of dead soldiers would help them re-open their eyes in the burning fire and find the correct path to the Empire of Gods.

It was a complicated and long process.

Chambord had lost one hundred and thirty one brave soldiers in this defensive war. There were supposed to be special personnel to place these gold coins for those dead soldiers, but Fei unexpectedly insisted on doing it himself. According to the custom, only high nobles or heroes who contributed greatly to the kingdom had the honor of having gold coins placed on their eyes by the king; Fei’s action granted unprecedented honour for these ordinary soldiers.

Obviously, it was his intention to win his people over.

It was quiet on the square; no one said a word. The wind seemed to stop as well. Only a few women dressed in black robes who were equal to temple priests sung an ancient song on the stairs in front of the palace. The song didn’t have any lyrics, but it was still spread far across the continent; it was song for saying farewell to loved ones.

Fei patiently covered every dead soldier’s eyes with gold coins under everyone’s attention, and then he lit up the herbs that the bodies were lying on. The rapid fire soon devoured the bodies of the dead ones, and the families who lost their loved ones broke down and cried out loud……

The whole process took about an hour.

After the fire turned the corpses and ten wooden towers into ashes, the atmosphere on the square finally eased up. The crying gradually stopped and the doctors carefully collected the ashes and placed them in a huge black coffin. After twelve days, this coffin would be carried onto the highest mountain to the east of Chambord and be buried there. That way, the souls of the warriors would be the first ones to see the beautiful sunrise – it was the custom of Chambord.

After all of that, the square returned to its previous cheerful and lively atmosphere.

People started to sing and dance to celebrate their victory in the war. The crazy atmosphere became even more heated under the burning bonfire. Regardless of age, gender, and social class, people held their hands together and danced. Even the soldiers who were patrolling were dragged into the crowd, as well as Fei and Angela. At the celebration, everyone was equal. Prince Tropinski and his guards were invited as well.

Some women laughed as they carried plates full of fruits and barbeque into the crowds.

Prince Tropinski was influenced by the happy atmosphere. At this time, he put down his arrogance and coldness and returned to being a kid who was 17 years old. He held hands with other young boys and young girls and formed a big circle and danced around a bonfire; he was like a bird who had just gotten out of his cage, free and delighted.

But what Tropinski and the others didn’t notice was that his guards and that red caped knight laughed and pushed their way into the centre of the square. They all had a malicious grin on their face; their eyes shined as they felt kinky.

The direction they were squeezing to in the middle of the square was where the pure goddess Angela and blonde Emma and their girlfriends were dancing joyfully. The girl smiled happily; her beautiful face was filled with laughter and happiness, like a little Angel.

Last Chapter



* * *





Chapter 59 Part 1




Chapter 59.1

Chapter 59.1: Kneel Down and Kiss My Shoes!

The celebration party was entering its climax.

Fei held his wineglass and walked to the soldiers.

After experiencing the cruel battle that could repress anyone to the point of suffocation and turn them crazy, only fine wine and women could relieve these strongmen. Pierce and Drogba laughed as they drank with silver bowls the size of a kitchen sink. Wild and uninhibited laughter echoed in the square. The twenty three strongmen including Oleg had followed Fei and slid down the defensive wall and charged into the enemies like a death squad. Except for Breno who had sacrificed himself on the bridge, although the other twenty two strongmen were all severely injured, they made back alive. Fighting alongside the king had built a special friendship between these iron-like men.

On the north side of the square, the men gathered together and sat down on the stone tables and gulped down the wine. Some of them wrestled half-naked on the side, some arm-wrestled on the table and others danced with the joyful girls. Even Oleg who was unwelcomed by all the soldiers had gained many people’s respect after this deadly mission.

“Cheers! For our brothers!” Fei raised his wineglass and proposed a toast.

“For our brothers! Hail the king! Cheers!” The soldiers cheered as they also raised their glasses and bowls; King Alexander’s arrival made them feel very honoured.

“This second glass of wine is a toast to our hero Breno!”

Fei poured the wine in his glass onto the ground and said, “His parents will be all of our parents, and his son will be all of our son……Breno’s family will be supported by the Royal family of Chambord until his son becomes a real brave and strong man like his father!”

“For our hero Breno!”

The soldiers poured the wine in their hands onto the ground silently. At this moment, in many soldier’s drunk and bleary eyes, it was as if they had seen the figure whose heart was penetrated, but still dragged three enemies off of the bridge while yelling, “Hail the king!” in the dark, star filled sky……Breno was a hero, he was a comrade, and he was also a companion!

“The third glass of wine is a toast to our hero Breno’s comrades, a toast to the twenty two great warriors of Chambord, Pierce, Drogba, O’Neal, Essien, Ballack…… Fei said the strongmen’s names one by one. Every time he announced a name, the crowd would burst into cheers and applause; the person whose name was called shivered in excitement.

“May the God of War bless you, my warriors. Your names shall be remembered together with Chambord. Now, in the name of King Alexander, I shall grant you honour; the armour and weapons you guys used during the battle will be returned to you after they are repaired by the best blacksmiths in the castle……” Fei’s voice was like a burning bonfire and ignited every soldier’s blood. After seeing the strongmen’s incredible and excited expressions, Fei raised his wineglass filled up high with wine into the air and congratulated, “Yes, my warriors, as you wish, these are the most precious items in the royal family, and they shall be permanently granted to you guys, because they are the medals that represent your bravery and skill.”

The twenty three sets of armour and weapons were the treasures that the old king collected throughout his life time. Although they were not illustrious magic items and weapons, in a level six affiliated kingdom of a level one Empire, they were priceless. For an officer like Oleg, if he saved all his life time income, he still wouldn’t be able to get a full set of the armour and weapons.

So right after Fei stopped talking, the soldiers started to cheer wild

ly.

The king was clear towards who deserved rewards and punishments, especially for those who showed loyalty and risked their lives. Moreover, in the prior battles King Alexander was always on the very front line of the battlefield and charges, and he had blocked the enemies’ blades for his soldiers and companions with his own body. The series of behaviors had boost Fei’s influence in the military to an unparalleled level.

The King’s kind rewards had pushed the celebration party to its peak.

The intoxicating smell of wine diffused into the air.

Fei was inspired and even took off his own luxurious king’s robe and put on a thin armour. He wrestled with the strongmen bare armed and competed in drinking games; it was a men’s game and Fei was soon on the same page as the other soldiers. By using the Barbarian Mode to cheat, Fei easily flipped over a dozen famous strongmen in Chambord and completely showed off a king’s strength and courage ……

The delightful atmosphere embraced Chambord Castle after the war.

At this moment, suddenly a surprise occurred.

In the middle of the square where it was the most crowded, a series of female screams and curses was heard, in addition to the faint laughter of men mixed in with it……

Fei frowned.

The soldiers who were having a good time also froze their hands which were holding wine glasses in the air.

“It’s probably a drunk punk forcing a kiss on his beloved girl recklessly……”

It was the first thing that came to Fei and the soldiers’ minds.

“Haha, although that kind of behaviour isn’t civilized, at this open and unconventional celebration party, we can probably forgive that horny bastard. The girls at Chambord are very bold and vigorous, haha, I hope the God of War can bless that poor punk.”

All the men had understanding smiles on their face.

But what was unexpected was that the chaos and curses didn’t calm down as Fei and the soldiers expected; it grew bigger and louder. Cursing and screaming were very pronounced when mixed with the cheer and laughter. Many people stopped dancing and crowded towards the middle of the square. The noise gradually stopped and everyone’s attention was at the source of the chaos.

Fei stood on a stairway beside him and looked at the source location of the chaos. The next second, his expression turned cold and a murderous sensation leaked from his body and diffused to the surroundings.

“Fuck! Someone is messing with Angela!”

Barbarian 【Leap】 was initiated, and “Whoosh!” Fei jumped up tens of yards (m) into the air and rushed to the centre of the square in a few ups and downs.

At this time, the crowd formed into a big circle.

In the middle of the circle, Emma and a dozen young citizens formed a human wall and angrily stared at the couple of knights in front of them with red eyes. Behind them, Angela who was in the azure long dress crouched down as her face turned pale. A fifteen or sixteen year old teenage boy was leaning against her arms. The little guy’s neck was severely injured; there was a shocking slit that was cut open by a sharp blade; the teenage boy was having a hard time breathing, and blood and foam was coming out of his mouth. Like a person who didn’t know how to swim had gotten choked by the water in a swimming pool, his chest raised and fell dramatically. The blood and foam coming out of his mouth flew everywhere, and Angela’s azure long dress was strained by the blood.

“Puh! Reckless low class citizen, how dare you point your finger at a superior empire knight?”

A leading red caped Zenit Empire’s cavalry put the sword that had blood on it back to the scabbard. Cutting someone’s throat almost in half was a negligible matter in his eyes. He yelled at Emma and the citizens of Chambord disdainfully, “If you want to live, then kneel down and kiss my boots, and get the fuck out of here. Shameless bastards, the Deputy Knight Captain of the legion, Mr. Semak only wanted to invite your future queen to a dance……”

The red caped cavalry emphasized the words “Queen” and “dance”; any man would understand the obscene meaning behind it. After he said that, he winked at his companions proudly.

Behind him, a dozen similarly red caped cavalry held onto their shoulders and laughed out loud.

In between all the cavalry, the buffed knight who was behind prince Tropinski had a bright smile on his face after he heard that. He sneered at the citizens of Chambord who were crowding them and glanced around. When he saw Emma, his eyes brighten up; but after a short pause, his vision went through the crowd and landed on the goddess like azure dressed girl. An obscene expression came on his face; he didn’t hide his lust at all.

At this time –

“Whoosh!”

A strong wind blew by. Everyone’s vision blurred and a majestic figured suddenly appeared in the middle of the circle……It was Fei who used Barbarian 【Leap】 to get here faster.

Fei glanced around and quickly figured out what was going on.

His face changed expression; he didn’t acknowledge the provocation from the red caped cavalry who were like mad dogs and rushed to Angela. He crouched down and placed his hand on the back of the dying teenage boy. He opened up his belt storage and took out the bottle of 【Normal Healing Potion】; he carefully dropped the last few drops of the remaining red potion into the teenage boy’s mouth and on his shocking slit on his neck.

A light mysterious magic power surged.

The 【Normal Healing Potion】 had displayed its incredible magical effect. Quickly, the teenage boy’s wound recovered at a visible speed; it formed a scar in just a few seconds and the scar soon shrunk and disappeared. He stopped spurting blood from his mouth and his dramatic chest movements calmed down as well. His breathing went back to normal and regained consciousness and opened up his eyes slowly.

Fei was relieved after he saw that.

Luckily, there were still some of the 【Normal Healing Potion】 left after Fei diluted most of it. Fei saved a little bit just in case of an emergency. He didn’t expect that it would be utilized at such a crucial moment. If not, this teenage boy would probably be a cold corpse by now.



* * *





Chapter 59 Part 2




Chapter 59.2

Chapter 59.2: Kneel Down and Kiss My Shoes! (2)

After seeing the king perform another miracle by saving the teenage boy’s life magically, the surrounding citizens of Chambord couldn’t help but cheer.

“Angela, tell me what happened.”

Fei handed the boy over to one of the soldiers to take care of. He looked at the imperial cavalry who were laughing out loud proudly with a provoking manner, then turned around and asked.

With an angry expression covering her innocent face, she tightly held onto Fei’s hand and then whispered into Fei’s ear. Fei became more enraged as he listened; an unstoppable fury burned in his heart and his expression was as cold as ice. A sharp murderous sensation unknowingly diffused from his body.

It turned out that these dirty cavalry pretended to be drunk and started touching the girls beside Angela and Emma. At first, these girls tolerated a little bit because the cavalry were from their parent Empire – Zenit. Who knew that the cavalry were insatiable; some daring cavalry even wanted to touch Angela and insisted her to accompany their Knight Captain Semak to drink and dance with him. Their reckless and rude behaviour angered the young citizens of Chambord. How could the energetic lads allow the Great King Alexander’s fiancée be insulted; they walked up and reprimanded the cavalry. Both parties started shoving each other, but one of the Zenit cavalry pulled out his sword and sliced the throat of the youth who was standing at the very front……

Fei listen patiently as Angela told him the whole story. He tapped on his fiancée’s shoulder gently to tell her to relax. He then walked up, separated “the human wall” that was formed by Emma and other young men and stood at the very front of the commotion.

“Oh? You’re that King Alexander, right?”

Knight Captain Semak was at the centre of all the cavalry. He was like a moon surrounded by a bunch of stars. He clenched his fists and crossed his arms and walked up a couple of steps. After he observed Fei with his haughty demeanor, he said lightly, “Your Majesty, I’m very dissatisfied with the way that Chambord treats its guests. See, my men only wanted to invite the queen to a dance, but some of your citizens were blocking and insulting us unreasonably……”

Honestly, Knight Captain Semak didn’t have any respect for this king named Alexander. Rather, he despised this little hillbilly kind of king. The Zenit Empire had many affiliated kingdoms. The powerless kings of little level 6 kingdoms held lower positions than even lowly navigators at St. Petersburg in Semak’s eyes. Therefore, he didn’t hide his scornful expression and said, “Although my mood has been disturbed and my fun was stopped, if the Queen can do a roundtable dance for us, I will treat this as if nothing happened……”

After he said that, the surrounding Chambord citizens started to yell and swear. On the Azeroth Continent, roundtable dancing was an unsightly dance that the vilest prostitutes used to please men. Asking a future queen to do the roundtable dance was the greatest insult of all time.

Knight Captain Semak didn’t acknowledge the swearing and anger from the crowd.

He smiled with a disdainful expression on his face, and ridicule filled his eyes like a high emperor that controlled everyone’s lives. Suddenly, he raised his hand and pointed at Emma who was standing behind Fei and continued, “Your Majesty, one more thing. Let your little blonde servant come to the legion’s residence and sleep with me tonight; she should be thankful that I granted her the honour, hahaha……Oh, right, I’m also interested in the magic potion that you used to heal that lowlife citizen, give them all to me. If

you could do all these things, the Zenit Empire won’t punish Chambord for being discourteous.”

After he said that, Semak looked at Fei scornfully.

Before this, Semak had been to many affiliated kingdoms. The kings and ministers in those kingdoms were like poor beggars. To make sure that their kingdom could still be protected by Zenit Empire, they did everything they could to please Semak. A little king of a level 5 affiliated kingdom even forced his newly wedded beautiful queen to serve Semak, the Imperial Knight Captain at night. His request and behaviour today was like an extra reward in Semak’s own eyes; he went easy on the young and ignorant king in front of him.

Semak was a little messed in the head. He loved seeing the kings who had exclusive and supreme authority over their own territories kneel down with pleasing expressions on their faces. It gave him the thrill of conquest.

But today, Semak didn’t get the thrill he was waiting for; he surprisingly found out that the young king who was standing in front of him maintained a strange expression on his face. The king was calm and cold; he didn’t show any signs of pleasing or flattering Semak.

Suddenly, Semak’s smile disappeared.

“Young and ignorant king, my patience is limited. Please do want I have said immediately. Otherwise, hehehe, trust me, your little kingdom wouldn’t be able to handle the anger of a Knight Captain.”

In unison with Semak’s “ultimatum”, “Tink, tink, tink!” the red caped cavalry all drew out their sharp swords and started at Fei ferociously and threateningly. Nasty and cruel grins appeared on their faces as they knocked their armour with the hilt of their swords and made huge “tinking” noises.

Previously, this tactic had been very effective against other level 6 and level 5 affiliated kingdoms. Even if some kings were resistant, they would almost sh*t their pants and kneel down to beg for their lives. At that moment, the cavalry almost saw the fantastic scene where this young king would bite the bullet and let his glamorous fiancée do the roundtable dance……

However –

“Alright, how do you bastards want to die!?”

That was the response from the young king.

“What? What……What did he say?” The cavalry stared at each other in unison.

The egoistic cavalry couldn’t process the information fast enough in their minds, “What…… How dare a king of a little level 6 affiliated kingdom say such a thing to the noble Imperial Knight Captain? Does he want to give up his throne?”

“What did you say, punk? Do you even understand what you are saying?”

After seeing Semak’s face getting colder and colder, the cavalry who sliced open the teenage boy’s throat felt it was a great time to flatter the Knight Captain. He rushed to Fei arrogantly and pointed at Fei’s nose with his sword and swore, “You little reckless lowlife bastard! Do you think you are really a high up and powerful king? Kneel down and kiss the Imperial Knight Captain’s boots and apologize, otherwise……”

“Bam-!”

A muffled noise interrupted his clamoring.

The cavalry hadn’t even finish speaking when he suddenly felt he that was hit by something. He was shocked and he looked down confusedly. The next second, an inconceivable expression suddenly appeared on his face. He wanted to scream from this unprecedented terror, but as soon as he opened his mouth, blood spurt out and he couldn’t make any sounds.

A fist dripping with blood came out of his back.

A series of gasping sounds could be heard.

Everyone saw that when the soldier was spouting nonsense, the silent Alexander suddenly punched out and hit the reckless cavalry right on the chest. It made a daunting, crisp crackling noise, and the monstrous strength of a level 12 Barbarian was fully applied without any kind of restraint. The fist directly penetrated the cavalry’s body and revealed itself on his back; all the internal organs and bones were shattered into pieces.

Everyone was shocked.

“What kind of strength is that? How could it create a huge hole on a human body with a bare fist?” What was even more shocking was that Alexander shook his arm the next second and shattered the entire corpse into minced meat; the pieces fell onto the ground and form piles.

“Hiss-!”

Another round of gasping was heard.

The Knight Captain Semak was also shocked by the bloody scene and back off a couple steps. The other red caped cavalry were even more shocked; fear filled their eyes. After seeing the piles of steaming “minced meat”, their hands that were holding onto their swords started trembling.

The whole square was silent; if someone were to drop a pin, everyone would hear it.

“God! King Alexander killed a soldier from Zenit’s Royal Canonization Legion!” This shocking scene had blanked out many people’s minds……But at the same time, the citizens of Chambord felt very excited and thrilled.

“Say bastards, how do you want to die?”

After exploding a Zenit cavalry like killing an annoying fly, Fei’s expression still didn’t change. He shook his fist to get rid of the blood as he approached Semak and other cavalries slowly. His voice was freezing cold, his stares were as sharp as blades; with the murderous intent in his eyes, he looked at the opponents as if they were piles of rotten meat that even wild dogs wouldn’t eat.

“How dare you kill an imperial soldier?” After the initial shock, Knight Captain Semak became enraged. Like a mating dog that got its spouse snatched, he shivered in anger and pointed at Fei and shouted, “Done! Chambord is done! You are done!!! I declare that starting from this moment, Chambord kingdom is now the enemy of Zenit Empire. Start to tremble in fear! Your castle will be razed!”

“Oh really?” Fei said with a dismissive expression, “We’re enemies now, so what? Is Zenit Empire that great? It’s hard to say whether or not Chambord will be razed, but without a doubt, none of you guys will walk out of Chambord alive.”

After he said that, he shouted, “Where is Pierce and Brook?” Behind him, Pierce and Brook who finally squeezed through the crowd rushed over, half kneeled and responded after they heard the king’s call, “King Alexander, your command.”

“Evacuate the civilians, gather the King’s Guard, shut down the gate and lock down the traffic in the city. Then, surround the residence of the Canonization Legion and wait for my command. Anyone who dares to resist shall be executed instantly.”

“Ah?”

After hearing such a command, Brook who was experienced and prudent was surprised, “Is Your Majesty planning to start a war with Zenit Empire?” Even Pierce who was wooden headed was having a hard time digesting the command that he heard.

On the opposite side.

The infuriated Knight Captain Semak was so angry that he started laughing after he heard that, “Hahaha, great! Great! Great! You ignorant and reckless punk, daring to surround the residence of the Legion and confront the Empire? This is ridiculous. The six hundred cavalry in the Legion cab easily wipe out the entire Chambord Castle. It looks like this evil kingdom doesn’t have to exist anymore……Hahaha, I will chop your head off first, then enslave all the women in the castle and kill all men and wash the castle with your own blood!”

As he was spoke, Semak drew out his sword. A yellow earth energy covered his body and two looming stars appeared on his forehead – it was the sign of a two star warrior.

“[Crack Rockburst]!”

Semak intended to kill, so he used his combat energy techniques right away. He moved first and shouted. His sword glowed as he stomped on the ground; he charged at Fei with his yellow earth energy and struck at Fei viciously with the pressure of a sliding mountain.

“Huh, only a two star warrior, how dare you be so rampant in front of me? You are seeking your own death!”

Fei ‘humphed’ coldly and stood still. A white light flashed and 【Storm Sabre】 appeared in his hand. He made a lash and the golden sword collided with the double handed knight sword. After the series of sparks and a crisp metal colliding sound, Semak’s yellow energy shield was shattered and his double handed knight sword was chipped mercilessly as well. He was blown back and blood leaked out of his mouth.

“You…..how could you have this kind of strength?”

Semak smashed into a huge stone statue further away. He couldn’t stop spurting blood out of his mouth. His face was filled with shock and disbelief. He held onto the statue as he struggled to stand up.

Fei ignored him. He stomped his feet and flashed forward. The golden sword turned into a series of golden lights. After making a sound similar to cutting tofu, out of the eight red caped cavalry, seven of them held onto their bleeding necks. They screamed as they shivered and fell to the ground. Just like the teenage boy before, they throats were sliced open and blood and foam clogged their lungs. They felt a huge amount of pain, but couldn’t die right away. They struggled crazily……

The only cavalry that was left alive was completely petrified; he lost all of his strength. “Tink!” The sword fell out of his hands and onto the ground; his legs trembled and a stinky and disgusting smell came from his crouch. He was scared to the point of peeing his pants.

“Come here and kneel down and kiss my boot!”

Fei stared at the cavalry coldly and ordered. This was what the cavalry had said when they were provoking, so now Fei returned it back to them.



* * *





Chapter 60




Chapter 60: Step Aside or Die

The knight was terrified; his mind was blank and he couldn’t think or react. Aside from peeing and crapping his pants, he was also drooling; his drool was like a waterfall. Every word and sentence Fei said was like a sword hanging over his head, and if he gave the signal, the swords would rain down and mince him into pieces. The screams of his peers who were on the ground begging for death were still sounding in his ears; the cavalry didn’t hesitate a bit and kneeled down to the ground and crawled to Fei like a dog. He stuck out his tongue and licked the dirt off of Fei’s boots. After he did that, he looked up and smiled flatteringly…….

Fei sneered as he shook his head, “How can someone who’s so arrogant yet afraid of death be worthy of being called a knight?”

“I’m not worthy, not worthy. I’m not a knight, I’m just an ordinary cavalry…… Your Majesty, I beg of your mercy……” The knight kneeled to the ground and kowtowed like there was no tomorrow. His high up arrogance had disappeared, and he shivered as if he was a wild dog who wanted to survive.

“I won’t kill you!” Fei said.

“Ah? Long live Your Majesty! Hail the king! Thanks you King Alexander for your kindness and greatness. I……” The cavalry was stoked and flattered Fei as much as he could.

Fei cut him off impatiently, “I won’t kill you, but……someone will.” After he said that, Fei beckoned at the teenage boy who had his throat sliced open. That teenage boy had fully recovered under the effects of the 【Normal Healing Potion】, and he was only a little bit tired now. He was standing in front of the crowd with support from his friends. After seeing King Alexander beckoning at him, he walked up excitedly and gave Fei a formal salute to greet the king.

“Warrior, what’s your name?” Fei asked with a smile.

“Tolis, Your Majesty, my name is Fernando-Torres.” The teenage boy silvered in excitement. In the previous Chambord Defense War, he joined the military recruitment on the last day, so hje was only able to guard the defense wall; he didn’t get a chance to participate in the real battle. But today, he had seen the blood boiling heroic scene of King Alexander dismantling and destroying the enemies almost all on his own. At that moment, King Alexander had become Torres’ role model and inspiration. Every young man had dreams of becoming a hero; Torres told himself that he had to become a great warrior just like King Alexander, even if he had to face cruel enemies and a cold death; nothing would stop him. That’s why when he saw the imperial cavalry and knights disrespecting the future queen Angela, he stood out first and reprimanded them.

Fei tapped Torres’ shoulder gently; he kicked the cavalry’s sword on the ground and flipped in into the air. Fei grabbed the sword in mid-air and passed it to Torres, “Torres, do you dare kill someone?”

Torres hesitated. He wanted to say no, but he quickly remember the bloody and thrilling scene on the stone bridge today. He bit his teeth and answered decisively, “I do, Your Majesty!”

“Alright then, help me kill this bastard who dares to insult our Chambord Kingdom.” Fei pointed at the cavalry who was kneeling on the ground begging for mercy; that poor man had lost the courage to resist. After seeing Torres approaching with the sword, he didn’t dare run away and just continued kowtowing.

This was the first time that Torres would kill someone.

Honestly, when he was walking towards the cavalry, he was very scared. But at the moment when he struck down with the sword and the hot spurting blood stained his face, Torres felt something ignite in his soul. He wasn’t no longer scared of anything and his blood felt as if it was boiling.

“Great, Fernando-Torres, from now on, you shall be my personal guard!” Fei was satisfied with Torres’ performance.

When he saw the teenage boy in front of him standing up for Angela and the dignity of the kingdom and didn’t back off when faced against the sharp swords of the imperial cavalry and knights, Fei had a favorable impression of the sixteen year old Torres. The bravery of a person who was fully armored and had an absolute advantage was not reliable; only when one was in a disadvantaged state and had nothing to depend on would bravery truly come from their soul. It was obvious that although he was shivering when he held onto the sword, the blonde haired young man was meant to be a true warrior.

“Ah?”

Torres was stunned. The next second, the young boy felt like he had been hit by a gift that had fallen from the sky. He was a bit lost and didn’t dare believe it. Finally, from his friends’ reminders, he kneeled down and thanked the king’s reward in a fluster. After he stood up and stood behind Fei, he still couldn’t believe his luck. He pinched his thigh again and again; the violent pain told him that what happened wasn’t a dream. He really did become the personal guard of his role model King Alexander. Torres quietly straightened his back and stood taller and looked more like a qualified warrior under the envious stares of his friends.

Under the huge stone god statue on the other side, Knight Captain Semak felt like his head wasn’t smart enough to process all the information.

“An ant-like weak and retarded king of a level 6 affiliated kingdom, how dare he murder the Imperial Cavalry of the Zenit Empire in public so recklessly? How dare he?” Semak trembled as he pointed at Fei; his lips were shaking so hard that he couldn’t say a word. In the previous fight, his opponent shattered his energy shield and also his confidence with a casual strike. The arrogant Knight Captain suddenly realized that the young king in front of him was way more powerful than himself.

After Fei took care of all the cavalry, he sneered as he approached Semak with a murderous intention. He repeated the same question, “Say bastard, how do you want to die?”

A humming noise filled the Knight Captain’s head. He didn’t know what to do.

Originally, he expected that even if this king was reckless, he would only kill the ordinary cavalry and wouldn’t dare to do anything to him. After all, those cavalry were only ordinary soldiers, but he was a majestic imperial military officer and a henchman of his highness, the Second Prince Zhirkov who could potentially inherit the throne from the Zenit Emperor Yassin…….But he was wrong. The reckless king in front of him didn’t have any intention of letting him go.

At this moment, Semak was finally scared.

The identity of the Military Officer from the Parent Empire could no longer protect him, nor could his strength and two star ranked earth energy. Now that the two key factors that he relied on when to threaten and pressure other affiliated kingdoms became useless, Semak finally felt how weak he was and started shivering uncontrollably.

He backed off instinctively; there wasn’t any more arrogance left in him. He had a scared expression on his face and was preparing to escape.

At this moment –

“Presumptuous! Alexander, stop your actions!”

A voice sounded in the crowd farther away. Semak’s eyes brightened; he suddenly saw Little Prince Tropinski squeezing out of the crowd and appearing in the circle.

“Your Highness, help me Your Highness. Chambord has betrayed the Empire! This evil king is planning to take on Zenit Empire……” Semak forgot all about his knight’s temperament and class. He crawled and rushed to Tropinski’s side. He kneeled down and cried, “It’s so cruel! This evil king murdered the Imperial Cavalry. He even commanded his troops to wipe out the entire Royal Canonization Legion!”

All the blame and faults had been skillfully pushed onto Fei by Semak.

After Little Prince Tropinski looked at all the severely wounded and almost dead cavalry on the ground and the panicked Knight Captain Semak, he questioned Fei angrily, “King Alexander, what is this? You better give me an explanation!”

Little Prince Tropinski was having a lot of fun tonight. This poor and remote kingdom had allowed him to experience an unprecedented freedom and happiness; there were no more imperial teachers following him everywhere he went and telling him again and again what not to do. He didn’t have to pay close attention to his father’s – Emperor Yassin – mood and act accordingly, nor did he did have to swallow his anger from the insults of his older brothers Arshavin and Zhirkov. Here, he felt the warmness of the citizens, and was able to run and dance around the bonfire happily. This type of freedom was rare at St. Petersburg.

This unprecedented party had slowly removed all of his dissatisfaction and bias towards Alexander. A few moments ago, he heard the Chambord citizens beside him proudly discussing Alexander’s brave and heroic stories again and again. He even thought to himself, “It sounds like this King Alexander is a great man. Interesting, maybe we could become friends……”

But, what happened in front of him had angered greatly.

Due to the crowding citizens, he had arrived after more than half of the situation had already taken place, so the Little Prince didn’t know the whole story. However, it didn’t matter if what Knight Captain Semak said was true or not. As the prince of the Empire, Tropinski felt that the majesty and dignity of the Empire was severely challenged. He had to stand up; if Alexander wouldn’t give him a reasonable explanation, then the consequences would be catastrophic.

However, the response Fei gave shocked him. He couldn’t believe it –

“Explanation? Explain what?”

Fei’s mouth drew out a disdainful arc. As if he heard something ridiculous, he continued to walk forward; he approached Semak slowly and steadily, one step after another. The golden sword felt like the life harvesting sickle of the Grim Reaper, with coldness diffusing from it. Fei stared at Tropinski and said coldly, “Your Highness, don’t make the wrong choice. Step aside or die!”

“You……”

Little Prince was enraged.

At that moment, he clearly felt the undisguised murderous intent from the opponent. He didn’t doubt that if he continued to block Fei’s path, this young king would kill him without any hesitation – even if he was a high ranked imperial prince……However, it was the dignity of the imperial prince that forced him not to beg or please Alexander like the last cavalry did. Although Tropinski was not a hero or even a warrior and had inappropriately attacked Fei before, at this moment, Little Prince knew that he wasn’t just protecting the Knight Captain Semak, but rather the dignity of the entire Zenit Empire.

Therefore, although Tropinski knew he wasn’t a match for his opponent, he still had to draw his sword.

“Eh?”

Fei wasn’t expecting this kind of behaviour from the prince. He didn’t know that this playboy looking prince could be so tough in this situation……but, he was only surprised. His pace didn’t slow down at all. Everyone had something that they wouldn’t allow anyone else to touch, and whoever violated this would face the consequences. Even if the Emperor of Zenit – Yassin was in his way, Fei wouldn’t hesitate to strike him.

At this moment, under the shade of a huge god statue at the side of the square, someone was getting impatient.

“That guy is too audacious……” The female knight Susan who was hidden under a large cloak said angrily. She turned around and said to the other person hiding under the large cloak, “Your Highness, please allow me to go and kill him.”

“You can’t take him on.” The princess shook she said lightly.

“How is that possible? Your Highness, I respectfully disagree. I’m a three star warrior; even if that savage was able to defeat Second Prince’s vile jackal Semak, he is no match to me!” It was obvious that Susan didn’t trust princess’ judgement.

The princess shook her head and ignored Susan. She turned around and said to another person, “Knight Captain Romain, it looks like you have to take action yourself this time.”

“It’s my pleasure to serve Your Highness.” The cloaked man took off the cover on his head. It was the tall and bulked smiling blonde warrior who had followed Princess Tanasha and knight Susan on the streets this afternoon.

“Oh, this man named Alexander is interesting. Knight Captain Romain, you don’t have to battle with him. Just bring Jimmy back safely.” The princess added. Her voice was still weak and faint.

“Eh?” The blonde warrior was surprised, “Your Highness, Deputy Knight Captain Semak, he……”

“Hehe, that sly and vile jackal, it won’t be a big deal to leave him to die here. He has done so many things that have shamed our Empire’s honour and majesty all these years. It’s time for him to suffer from his own retributions.”

The smiling blonde warrior stayed quiet for a couple of seconds, then nodded and said, “I understand, Your Highness.” After he finished, his swayed and disappeared from the princess’ side.

“Your Highness, although Semak deserves to die, he is the Second Prince Zhirkov’s henchman. He has done many things for his highness in the dark these years. If he dies here, the Second Prince won’t let it slide easily.” The female Knight Susan suddenly reminded.

Last Chapter



* * *





Chapter 61




Chapter 61: Merciless Kill

The princess didn’t care about Susan’s reminder. She smiled, “Why does I have to care if he lets it slide easily or not?” Do you think Zhirkov letting Semak follow Tropinski around was due to his good intentions? It’s better for me if Semak dies now; it saves me the time to ask Knight Captain Romain to do that himself! Hehe, moreover, the one who will kill Semak isn’t me; it’s the King of Chambord, Alexander!”

The female knight Susan was stunned after she heard that.

……

At the middle of the square.

The sharp and murderous sensation that was approaching the prince felt almost like a tangible substance. The Little Prince Tropinski was shocked to find out that when he faced such pressure, he could barely stand up despite being a two star ranked warrior. However, he still bit his teeth and held himself together; he didn’t even take a step back although he was having a hard time breathing.

Fei continued approaching slowly.

Right now, everyone’s eyes blurred. However, the next moment, a tall figure appeared in the circle and stood in between Fei and the Little Prince.

“Who are you?”

Fei frowned slightly. The instinct of the Barbarian warned him about the foreseeable danger. The blonde haired smiling warrior who suddenly appeared gave him an unprecedented pressure. This man was at least a three star warrior.

“Knight Captain Romain-Pavlyuchenko of Zenit Empire.” The blonde warrior answered as he smiled. He didn’t have the arrogance and egoistic appearance that Semak and the cavalry had; when he spoke, he lowered his head and saluted to show respect to the king. That made everyone think he was warm and friendly.

Fei smiled back, “Oh? It’s the mighty Knight Captain Romain-Pavlyuchenko……So, have you appeared here to stop me?”

Pavlyuchenko still had the smile on his face, and his eyebrows rose and said, “King Alexander, to be honest, I wanted to battle with you. You are the one who is the most worthy of my respect among all the kings of the affiliated kingdoms……But, I have received the order from the princess. I’m not here to battle with you. I’m only here to take His Highness away.”

“Oh?”

Fei was surprised by the answer. He looked at the Little Prince Tropinski who was sweating like crazy and enduring under his murderous pressure, and then something in his mind was triggered. He nodded and said, “I’m not a maniac; of course you can take him away……But the bug named Semak has to stay here. He insulted Chambord first, so he has to die!”

The Knight Captain Romain shrugged his shoulders, then turned around and grabbed the Little Prince by his shoulders. His body swayed and everyone felt a gold flame flash in front of their eyes; the smiling warrior and Little Prince Tropinski had disappeared into nowhere, just as if both of them had never appeared.

Fei’s pupil quickly contracted. He had the power of a level 12 Barbarian, but he didn’t even catch Pavlyuchenko’s movements; Pavlyuchenko was grabbing someone in his hands this time. “It looks like I was wrong in terms of his estimated strength. He’s even more scary than I thought. He’s way more powerful than a three star rank. He must be at least a four star ranked warrior.

At this moment, Fei felt the urgency of improving his strength again.

“After I solve all these issues, I have to go back to the Diablo World and level up as much as I can. It looks like parent empires are just a joke. A mere two star ranked knight captain dared to flirt with the future queen recklessly at the party in an affiliated kingdom; if some of the higher ups get greedy, it would be a catastrophe for the kingdom……To survive and live like humans on this continent that follow the rules of the jungle, power was essential!

Fei made a decision in his mind. He raised his head and sneered as he got closer and closer to the Knight Captain Semak. Fei didn’t rush to kill him. Rather, he approached him slowly. The clear and moderate paced steps stomped on Semak’s heart. Fei wanted this reckless and shameless bastard to really taste the terrifying torture of silence before his death.

“No……No!! I’m a Knight Captain of the Zenit Empire. I’m a henchman of Prince Zhirkov……I can’t die, you can’t kill me!” After seeing his only savior, the Little Prince and Knight Captain Pavlyuchenko leave without even acknowledging him and the King who represented death approach him slowly, Semak was desperate. This was the first time he was this close to death, so he broke down. He screamed and yelled crazily like a cornered hyena who was roaring to threaten its opponents and protect itself.

However, the figure who was coming closer didn’t pause at all.

“Nonono……I apologize, I’m willing to kneel down and kiss your boots……I beg you, please let me go, please show some mercy……” Semak kneeled down and begged.

But it was no use.

Fei was still stepping forward coldly. Even the surrounding citizens were pumped by their king’s domination. They swung their fists and shouted aggressively, “Kill him, kill him……Kill that bastard!”

Semak was still begging. Numerous angry faces were light up by the bonfires. The weak ant-like low lives who Semak disdained gave him unprecedented fear as he shivered uncontrollably.

Finally –

“Damn it……【Crack Rockburst】, die!”

Cornered Semak picked up a sword from his subordinate cavalry and yellow earth energy rapidly swirled around him as he jumped up and suddenly attacked. The energy technique was used right away; the overwhelming momentum was like a tornado, and the strike whizzed as it flew towards Fei.

“Humph, child’s play!”

Fei waved the 【Storm Sabre】 in his hand.

The result was unquestionable. Semak flew back like a punching bag as blood spurted out of his mouth and he smashed into the huge stone god statue again. “Crackle, crackle” it was the sound of cracked bones. This time, the highly arrogant Knight Captain couldn’t stand up anymore.

“Whoosh!”

Fei;s body swayed and suddenly appeared in front of Semak. He had lost his patience. He grabbed the knight by his hair and pulled him up. He aimed his sword at Semak’s throat and whispered into Semak’s ear, “Bastard, you want to see the roundtable dance? Go ask your mom!”

“Puchi-!”

Under the terrifying stare of Semak, 【Storm Sabre】 penetrated his neck easily as if it were soft butter. The tip of the sword which was dripping blood appeared behind Semak’s neck. Fei waved the sword; after a flash of cold light, the arrogant Knight Captain was beheaded.

“Whoever dares to violate Chambord…… must be killed!!”

The head was thrown onto the altar which was in front of all the god statues on the square. Fei raised up his sword and roared. His figure was sturdy and tall like a god. The sentence “Whoever dares to violate Chambord must be killed!” struck many citizen’s heart. Regardless of whether it was a citizen or a soldier, they all shivered in excitement. In this era of war, they felt secure for the very first time.

“Hail King Alexander!!”

Beside Fei, all of Chambord’s subjects kneeled down on the ground humbly and bowed. Like the planets surrounding the sun, they all cheered “Hail the king” as they touched the ground Fei was standing on with their heads.

……

Far away on the stairs of the Palace north of the square.

The old and handsome Bast and number one warrior of Chambord Lampard stood side by side. At this moment, none of them talked, but their eyes shined on the bonfire under the star-filled sky.

As the steward of the Royal Family as well as the father to Angela, Bast should’ve been the first one to rush on site and resolve the problem. But after seeing Fei’s appearance, he held back the urge to rush to the situation. Later on, Bast was shocked when Fei raised his blade and killed the imperial cavalry; the first thing that came to his mind was the terrifying consequence of offending the Zenit Empire. He rushed forward and wanted to stop Fei’s reckless actions……but after two or three steps, he suddenly thought of something and went back to where he was standing before.

At this moment, Bast’s mind was completely calm.

He even saw the two cloaked figures standing beside the Little Prince Tropinski and Knight Captain Pavlyuchenko on the far side of the square. As a qualified steward, Bast’s eyes shined. He instantly knew who those two people were. He thought about his servitude on the way back to Chambord with the Royal Canonization Legion as he tried to figure out the intention of that women……but at this moment, Bast felt there was no need for pleasantries anymore. He straightened his back and stood even taller.

“Bast, you’ve worked hard this time.” Lampard who was silent suddenly said, “Although there are some misunderstandings between you and the soldiers and citizens and they aren’t friendly towards you, I believe that Alexander will eventually understand your good intentions.”

Bast turned around and smiled back, “Frank, you are wrong this time, it won’t be eventually. I believe Alexander have understood my intention all along!”

……

On the far side of the square.

Seeing the figure who was standing in the centre of the square and didn’t hesitate to kill Semak, as well as the surrounding crowd kneeling down by the feet of that figure, the silent princess suddenly sighed and turned around as she walked away.

“Let’s leave. We will treat this incident as if it never happened. None of the legion members can discuss this incident in private!”

This was her second command for today.

……

……

Although there was a bloody incident, the celebration party for the Chambord Defense War still lasted until the enxt morning. When the sky brightened up, the citizens and soldiers gradually went back home unsatisfied. Messy traces of the carnival remained on the square.

Fei got drunk after he was offered wined by everyone he saw. He stumbled back to the King’s Palace with the support of Angela and Emma; he went to sleep as soon as his head touched the pillow and didn’t worry about anything else.

The experienced and prudent Brook didn’t dare be so relaxed like the king was. Due to them killing the imperial cavalry and knight during the party, to prevent any forms of revenge, he guarded the residence of the Royal Canonization Legion himself with the other hundreds of elite soldiers.

The watchmen on the defensive wall and patrol guards of the inner castle were also operating smoothly under Brook’s commands. Pierce, Drogba and other soldiers also dragged their tired bodies onto the defensive wall to do night watch. Except for the incompetent king who was completely drunk, everyone else didn’t relax and slack off just because of the success in the war.

Finally, the sun rose to the sky from the mountains on the east side of the castle. The light brightened up the land.

A new day had begun.

In the King’s Palace, Fei felt his ass get warm as he half-consciously rubbed his eyes and finally woke up.

Last Chapter



* * *





Chapter 62




Chapter 62: Plans for the Future

Fei had a weird dream.

In his dream, numerous unknown enemies rushed to Chambord like a colony of bees. Although he swung and struck his Barbarian Axe madly, there were just too many enemies; there was no way for him to kill them all. Finally, he became exhausted and the enemies captured and tied him up with ropes. Afterwards, a shameless jerk mage appeared out of nowhere and roasted his butt with a fireball while giggling.

Fei struggled aggressively.

Then he woke up.

He opened his eyes; there were no enemies or mages. The truth was that he slept until noon and the hot sunlight came through the windows on the palace and shined on his naked butt……

“Damn, what’s going on? I’m sleeping naked?”

Fei’s mind suddenly cleared; all his fatigue was gone.

He rubbed the back of his head and tried to remember what had happened on the square last night after the incident. All he remembered was that he was crowded by the enthusiastic soldiers and citizens and they all offered him drinks. Fei was an open person; once he was in the mood, he would drink as much as people offered. Ultimately, he was so drunk that he couldn’t remember how he got back here and got himself into the current situation – completely naked with a rising morning wood.

Fei had the urge to act like a women who was touched by a perverted man and cover his chest and scream, “Man! I’ve suffered a big loss. Although I’m a man, I’m still a virgin……I’m not sure if anyone saw my little brother down there.”

He sat on the bed for a while and a breeze came through the window.

Fei looked around. After seeing that no one was around, he got out of bed and tiptoed to the closet to grab his clothes. He rushed to get dressed. Walking nakedly in the palace everyday might not have been a big deal as a king, but Fei didn’t have these kinds of perverted habits – However, during the process of getting dressed, he found something that puzzled him: people in this world didn’t wear pants.

Due to the lack of time and huge pressure, Fei didn’t even catch that. But after he thought about it, he realized that people dressed in the style of Ancient Europe. Most poor citizens only had a large cloth on them that was tied to them by a rope. It looked like a robe, but there was nothing inside. Some people were even naked from the waist up. Nobles and wealthy families were slightly better – they wore two pieces of cloth, but Fei didn’t know if they had any underwear on them. Fei found that he only had a triangular piece of silk cloth for his crotch. Except for that, not to mention pants, many people .didn’t even wear skirts of any type. They walked around with their thighs exposed. Only the wealthy nobles would wear “pants” similar to dresses; smaller pieces of cloth were linked together with golden strings and placed under the larger cloth, allowing for the breeze to easily reach those areas.

After he got dressed, Fei felt uncomfortable because his dong was chilly.

After some thinking, he decided to wear the leather knight armour, because least this armour guarded his dong. Although there was a lot of friction from rubbing against each other, it would protect his dong more than if it were just hanging loose.

The palace was quiet and Fei turned around and walked to a window.

It was massive – about the size of a huge door. The palace was made with piles of huge white stones; it looked very magnificent. Giant stone pillars and statues of gods stood in the room, and incredible murals occupied the walls. Giant windows were open on all four sides of the walls. Sunshine and wind easily came into the room and made Fei feel like he was merged with nature.

This world was not as polluted as Earth; the sun was bright, the grass was green and the birds flew and sung in the blue, clear sky.

Due to the terrain, the King’s Palace was higher than all the structures beside it. Standing by the window, Fei could easily view the scenery of the whole castle. After some detailed observations, Fei found out that this was a castle that was also made purely from piling huge white stones. Except for a few structures, most of the residential houses were made from huge stones. The streets were wide and open and were all layered by this unknown white stones. Ten or twenty yard (m) high statues were standing everywhere. It was the first time that Fei had time to look at his kingdom this closely. He was surprised by the clear and reasonable functionality of the region. He could vaguely distinguish the residential regions, market regions, squares, training arenas, assembly regions and ritual temples……there were even some areas for garbage disposal.

“Unbelievable! This castle feels like it was designed by someone from the modern civilized high-tech world……” Fei couldn’t help but sigh. He looked across the Zuli River and his vision landed on the boundless green plains on the south bank. Fei felt that his hypothesis of Chambord Castle hiding some secret was 99.9% true. It looked like everyone currently in Chambord were latecomers and weren’t the ones who actually built it. There was no way that with the current population size and construction abilities, the people of Chambord would be able to build such a classical fortress.

As Fei was sighing, the sweet voice of his fiancée Angela sounded.

“Alexander, you’re awake. I’ve already prepared you breakfast……Eat it while it’s still hot. After that, according to tradition, nobles and ministers will come here and give an audience to the king.” Angela was carrying a golden plate with her; on top of the plate were some fresh fruits and a cup of steaming goat milk.

Fei ate his breakfast while looking at Angela who was smiling; his mood was better than ever. He peeked at Angela’s sky-blue open neck dress and thought lewdly, “Is she wearing a bra and panties under that? For women on the Azeroth Continent, could it be that except for dresses and robes, they also only have a triangular silk cloth to cover their privates?”

“Maybe I should change the dress code for the people of Chambord. Men deserve to be able to protect their balls and women shouldn’t have to have a pair of saggy breasts!”

Fei envisioned the clothing reform in his head.

……

……

“What? Bazzer and Gill both disappeared?”

One hour later at the King’s Executive Hall, Fei sat uncomfortably on the throne clustered by two lion monsters’ statues that were on top of three yard (m) high stairs. He was surprised after he listened to Brook’s report.

“Please forgive my negligence, King Alexander, The soldiers who were monitoring Bazzer all night didn’t find anything unusual. But this morning, the head minister’s butler panicked out of the mansion and reported that Bazzer and his son disappeared during the night.

Brook lowered his head and said with a shameful expression.

Fei was a bit stunned; according to Brook’s previous descriptions, Head Minister Bazzer was an ordinary person who didn’t have any energy or magic and his son Gill was only a novice mage. They wouldn’t just suddenly disappear and escape under such close monitoring, unless……

“Brook, it’s not your fault……” Lampard who was quiet suddenly said, “If Bazzer wants to leave, no one in Chambord could stop him, even if both King Alexander and I tried to stop him together.”

Many people gasped in the hall; none of them knew why though.

“A three star warrior and a king that can kill three star warriors can’t stop a thin old man? How?”

Seeing many people staring at him with perplexed expressions, Lampard continued: “A long time ago, I discovered that for some reason, a powerful three star warrior was on Bazzer’s side and was working for him. I even battled with that mage in private, but I wasn’t able to defeat him……to a three star mage, if he wants to take two people and leave Chambord Castle without getting the soldiers’ attention, it’s too easy.”

“How is this possible?”

“A three star mage? Lord……”

“Bazzer had a mage working for him?”

“No wonder why Gill was a novice mage, so that’s why……”

“Damn Bro, that guy hid really deep.”

After hearing the number one warrior reveal this secret, many people in the hall stared at each other and their faces paled. None of them could have thought that aside from Lampard, the proud three star warrior of Chambord, there was also a three star mage hiding in the dark……It was too bad that the mage was working for Bazzer, the ambitious schemer. Otherwise, with a mage and a warrior, two three star masters could instantly raise Chambord Kingdom into a level 5 affiliated kingdom, and becoming a level 4 affiliated kingdom wasn’t a dream anymore.

However, people also instantly understood the reason that despite the fact that Bazzer abused his power and lusted over Alexander’s throne, the number one warrior who was also the best friend of the old king only protected Alexander’s life and stabilized the military, but didn’t restraint Bazzer’s behaviours. Many people were disappointed by that. Now, they have uncovered the root cause.

Fei nodded as well.

When he switched to Sorcerer Mode in the watchtower on the defensive wall, he felt a huge flux of magic power beside Bazzer and suddenly understood many of the problems. Now that Lampard confirmed this, it further supported his hypothesis. “But how did a little figure like Bazzer gain the loyalty of a powerful three star warrior?”

Fei was baffled.

“Brook, start a search throughout the entire castle to confirm that Bazzer has left and is not hiding somewhere in Chambord and conspiring against us……” Fei waved his hand and put a close to the discussion of this incident. “Also, free all the servants and slaves at Bazzer’s mansion; let them fend for themselves. The mansion and all their belongings shall become the king’s.”

After he said that, Fei sat high up on the beast throne and glanced at everyone in the Executive Hall: Pierce, Drogba, Brook, Torres, Lampard……also the old handsome Bast, and a couple highly respected and reputable elders at Chambord. These people would be the future key leaders of Chambord.

“Unfortunately, the strength of this team is too weak. I have to find ways to improve everyone’s strength……Can I find some solutions in the Diablo World?” Fei thought to himself, “Plus, reconstruction of the military and correcting the Kingdom’s laws and policies will also have to be put on the agenda. On this war-driven continent, constantly increasing our strength and power is the only way to survive.”

Last Chapter



* * *





Chapter 63




Chapter 63: The Kingdom’s Policies

Although he had some ideas and plans, Fei didn’t immediately change the structure of the military and the kingdom’s policies. He’d only been here for three days, so there were too many things that he didn’t know about. If he tried to rush everything, it could potentially create more problems and take longer to implement the changes.

Fei was planning to use these couple days to get to know more about the kingdom.

The meeting continued. It wasn’t as serious and majestic as the meetings with kings and emperors in TV series and movies on Earth. It was quite the opposite; the atmosphere in the Executive Hall was very lively. In the area under the throne was an artificial thin flowing river going through the hall. There were even a few pretty goldfish swimming in it. On both sides, there were two rows of neatly placed stone chairs. Soft leather covered the chairs so the participants of the meeting could voice their opinions comfortably. Everyone had equal power and opportunity; they could stand up and state their opinions without the king’s consent, and they would even get into heated arguments if they had conflicting opinions.

A subtle and infant feeling of democracy and liberty quietly diffused into the hall.

This was the first meeting that Fei hosted as a king after his “recovery” into a normal person, so everyone with status had the chance to participate. On the side of the military, except for the general Brook, the twenty-two strongmen including Pierce and Drogba had formal seats. These “leaders” of Chambord said whatever came to their minds regarding the structure of the kingdom. Some gave very constructive ideas, while others came prepared and gave Fei their opinions written on paper made from white cloths and animal skins, especially the couple of white haired, highly respected and reputable elders at Chambord. Like magic, they took out huge stacks of paper with huge essays explaining their opinions and recommendations written on it. Fei felt his head getting dizzy just by looking at the size of the stacks.

There were floods of opinions and recommendations, some explaining the abuse of power of the former Head Minister Bazzer and others showing their disappointment in the previous Alexander’s IQ. Chambord had numerous tedious affairs for the king to deal with. Fei felt buried in all the paperwork. Seeing the mountain of documents in front of him and the pages of recommendations his secretary was recording down on the side, Fei felt his head starting to hurt. He rubbed his eyes and shook his head painfully.

Seeing Fei act in this manner, the strongmen laughed gloatingly. Even the old and handsome Bast had a meaningful smile on his face.

Fei was pissed, but an idea suddenly flashed in his mind. He said to his future father-in-law righteously, “Uncle Bast, I’m not even an adult yet and I don’t have any experience. As an elder, you have to help me. Hehehe, how about this, can you separate and organize these paperwork and documents for me and make recommendations on each one? That way, it’ll be easier for me to make decisions.”

Bast was stunned after hearing Fei’s words.

Maybe Fei hadn’t even realized it, but all the duties he described were part of the job of the former Head Minister Bazzer. This request from Fei meant that he had given all the executive powers of the kingdom to Bast……That meant from today onwards, Bast would become the new Head Minister; this sudden appointment overwhelmed the old fox Bast.

He didn’t even have enough time to react, and the other people in the hall didn’t expect anything like this either.

For a moment, the atmosphere in the Executive Hall became silent. After three or four seconds of silence –

“Your Majesty, I must respectfully disagree!” Someone stood up.

“King Alexander, I disagree as well……” Another instantly chimed in.

“Yes……. King Alexander, Bast is a dirty and shameless traitor. He’s stolen more than half of royal property only half a month ago. Because of Angela, we let it slide, but his actions are still unforgivable. How could we let a man that lacks integrity and honor take on such an important role of Head Minister?”

“I agree! Young King Alexander, you can’t be partial!”

“That’s right… I feel the same way……”

Suddenly, a wave of disagreement exploded and the whole Executive Hall became chaotic. Fei didn’t expect such a situation to arise. He glanced around quietly and was surprised to find that Brook and the strongmen who were sitting on the west side of the hall didn’t say anything; rather, the ones who were the noisiest were a dozen of new faces. These dozen people appeared in front of him; most of them were dressed luxuriously with silk robes and diamond and crystal embedded silver crowns. They all seemed energetic and spoke passionately. They patted their chests and appeared great and dutiful.

“Who are they?” Fei turned his head and whispered to his personal guard Torres.

After the blonde boy heard that, he lowered his head and whispered back, “My King, the six men in the front of you wearing the silver crowns are the high nobles in the castle, and the five luxuriously dressed men are the wealthiest merchants in the kingdom. According to the customs of the kingdom, these people have important roles in the King’s meetings; they can even influence the king’s decisions.”

“So it’s like that.” Fie nodded and vaguely understood what was going on.

Regardless of whether it was on Earth or in this world, there were always some well-spoken and seemingly loyal politicians who had tons of wealth taken from society and enjoyed the power to act above the law. They could take credit from the military, play around with their powers, form conspiracies and promote their “justice and honour”. All of it was to satisfy their own selfish desires.

At this moment, the nobles and merchants in the Executive Hall were acting the same way.

This discovery made Fei sigh again, “So Alexander the King was living such a chaotic and wronged life. How could these fat and stupid profit driven merchants appear in the King’s Executive Hall? The whole place is as noisy and chaotic as an open market……It looks like Chambord Kingdom is just like a small town on Earth and I’m just the town’s mayor……” Fei realized that to build the ideal kingdom in his mind, there was still a long way to go.

“Quiet, stop arguing. You, tell me your name.” Fei waved his hand and raised his voice to interrupt the heated argument. He pointed at the silver crowned man at the very front yelling the loudest and asked.

“Louis, Your Majesty. I’m Viscount Louis.” The silver crowned man stepped up and lightly bowed with a standard noble’s salute, and then answered proudly.

“Oh, Viscount……Louis?”

Fei felt that the entire name was hard to pronounce. To be honest, he had no idea how the Western Titling system worked, but that didn’t affect his next question, “Mr. Viscount, if Uncle Bast isn’t a good fit, who else do you think could perform this duty well?”

“King Alexander, to be clear, I’m not trying to be haughty, but I firmly believe that I am the best candidate……”

Louis tapped his chest again and said proudly, “I’m the most pure-blooded noble in Chambord. My father had the honour of being summoned by the Emperor of Zenit and meeting him in person. My family has a proud history and innumerable honours. I……Therefore, I’m the most proper candidate for the position of Head Minister.”

Before he could finish, the other nobles and merchants stood up one by one and applauded as they voiced their agreement.

Brook and the strongmen on the other hand all showed disdain on their faces.

Fei shook his head as he didn’t know whether to laugh or be angry. He knew exactly what this is – it was a battle for power and profit between the politicians. However, the few unqualified politicians in front of him were too stupid; their act was too lame and created the laughable scene. Fei looked at Louis who was still proudly announcing his noble honours disgustingly, then he suddenly said, ” Alright Viscount….eh…Louis. I only have one question for you. If your answer can satisfy me, then the position of Head Minister is yours.”

Louis was stoked. He said confidently, “Your Majesty, please ask! I bet you that there isn’t anyone out there that’s better at executive duties than me.”

“Sounds good. Now let me ask you this: when all the soldiers and citizens of Chambord were battling and bleeding for the kingdom, WHERE.WERE.YOU?”

Fei sat high up on his throne. He sneered as he said each word; he didn’t even try to to hide his ridiculing expression.

“I……” Viscount Louis was stunned.

“Hahaha, when we were fighting and bleeding alongside the King, Mr. Viscount must have been hiding under a woman’s crotch and shivering and whining. Hahaha……” Drogba was a straightforward man. After he listened to that much bullsh*t, he couldn’t help but stand up and mock Louis and his followers. Brook and rest of the strongmen instantly burst in laughter.

“You…… you bunch of dirty ruffians…… Since when were you guys eligible to appear in the Executive Hall?” Viscount Louis’s face suddenly turned red, and yelled as he explained himself, “Nobles have the right to be exempt from war recruitments……As the most pured-blooded noble in Chambord, of course I won’t be like you bunch of lowly farmers, doing all the boring jobs of fighting and killing.”

“Fighting and killing are boring?” Fei’s face turned cold as he heard that. He said angrily, “Alright, that’s it. Viscount Louis, I’m very dissatisfied with your response. Unfortunately, you won’t be getting the position of Head Minister……Also, dear Viscount, be careful who you insult. These people you call ruffians are the heroes that defended Chambord. If I hear you disrespecting the heroes of Chambord again, you’ll have the honour of being the first unlucky soul that has his noble title stripped away by me.”

As he said that, his murderous intention was no longer able to be contained within his eyes.

Louis was stunned and didn’t dare say a word.

Then, Fei turned around and said to his future father-in-law, “Uncle Bast, it looks like I have to trouble you with organizing the documents and paperwork for me. Hehe, this Viscount Louis just reminded me; I now formally declare that starting from today, you shall be appointed as the new Head Minister of Chambord.”

By this point, Bast had completely calmed down from his initial shock. After hearing this formal appointment, the old handsome man didn’t decline; he bowed gracefully to show his acceptance.

“Humph, Your Majesty, I disagree. You can’t do this! This is clearly favouritism…… Appointing a traitor as the Head Minister would destroy the entire Chambord Kingdom.” Within the group of fat merchants who were sitting on the east side of the hall, one bearded fat merchant stood out bravely and challenged Fei’s decision unconvincingly as he saw Viscount Louis’ meaningful glance.

Fei was enraged.

If someone was a coward, then they should’ve just tucked in their balls and pretended to be dead. However, the men in front of Fei were pushing him to his limit. They acted as if they were righteous and dutiful. Fei hated these kinds of fake politicians; crappy memories about this from his life on Earth suddenly appeared in his mind. His didn’t hold back at all as he slammed his palms onto the handles of the throne, stood up, pointed at the fatty’s nose and swore in a rough manner, ” Go f*ck yourself! I like favouritism; who do you think you are? What can you do about it? From now on, these kinds of embarrassing dumbasses shall never appear in my palace again…… Where are the guards? Throw these unqualified fat pigs out of here!”

As soon as Fei finished, a dozen of armoured soldiers rushed in, took away the couple of fat merchants and threw them onto the streets.

Under the gasps and unbelievable expressions on everyone’s faces, the six remaining nobles stared at each other in embarrassment and finally sat back down quietly in their seats.

Fei sat high up on the throne. He glanced around, and not a single noble dared to look him in the eyes.

The immense power of the nobles, the messed up power distribution and political system had strengthened Fei’s determination in restructuring the kingdom’s administrative system and the military. “Since I’m already the King of Chambord and my fate is closely tied with the people in front of me, I can’t afford to not work hard. I have to change the current situation and guard and protect all the things that I treasure.”

After he thought about it, Fei knew treating a deadly disease needed heavy medicine. He had to give the kingdom a heavy dose of medication to solve this problem.

He switched to Paladin Mode and a holy, bright and honorable sensation emanated from his body. He stood up in front of the throne and with a firm expression on his face, he said decisively, “As the King of Chambord, I declare that during these next ten days, I will be revolutionizing the power distribution, administrative systems and military. From today on, all the orders and procedures in the administrative system and military shall be abolished, and the whole kingdom shall enter a 10 day long post-war adjustment. During this time, all the administrative and executive tasks shall be taken care of by Bast, and military duties shall be taken care of by Brook. If any of you have good ideas for this reconstruction and revolution, talk to Bast and Brook about it and they will report it to me.”

The magnificence of the king and the holiness of the paladin combined together at this moment. Fei’s voice echoed around the palace. No one dared to refute him; everyone bowed and submitted to Fei’s command. Even the nobles who felt reluctant sweated buckets and didn’t dare to talk. Under this atmosphere, they even felt the illusion of everything being the way it should be.

This was the benefit of Paladin Mode; it could increase one’s persuasion, influence and majesty and make opponents submit to one’s commands. It was the most recent cheating method that Fei figured out.

After that resolution had been passed, the meeting afterwards went pretty smoothly.

As the meeting was finishing, Brook, one of the two new authorities of Chambord stood up and mentioned something else, “My King, there’s something very important that I have to remind you about. In about half a year, the Military Exercise between all the affiliated kingdoms under Zenit Empire hosted every three years will begin. If we want to get a good rank, we have to start preparing now.”

After Brook said that, everyone in the hall nodded and made sounds to agree with him. The atmosphere was getting heated again. Drogba stood up and yelled as he hammered his chest, “This time, we have to wreck our old rival Blackstone Kingdom and advance to a level 5 affiliated kingdom.”

Fei was curious and asked, “Affiliated Kingdom’s Military Exercise? Eh, what’s that for?”

Regarding the fact that after King Alexander returned to normal, he had always forgotten a lot of basic and common sense information, everyone had gotten used to it. Brook explained patiently, “Your Majesty, the Military Exercise is a competition hosted by our parent Empire-Zenit to measure the strength of each kingdom, so all of Zenit’s affiliated kingdoms must participate. If we perform well in this competition, we will have a chance to advance Chambord’s position to a level 5 affiliated kingdom. This is a great opportunity for us.”

“Advance to a level 5 affiliated kingdom? Are there any benefits?”

“Of course, your Majesty. Chambord is currently a level 6 affiliated kingdom of Zenit Empire, and ranked the lowest among all other kingdoms. Therefore, we are only able to receive a very limited amount of support from Zenit Empire. If we take this opportunity and advance to a level 5 affiliated kingdom, we wouldn’t just receive more and better materials and financial support; we would also be allowed to increase the number of citizens and soldiers that Chambord has to get more land and territory. We could even possibly be rewarded with higher star ranked energy training scrolls. With all of that, the strength of Chambord would be improved significantly!”

This was the first time that Fei heard anything like this. He asked without thinking, “Are there currently limitations on the population size and military size of Chambord? Also, you mentioned land and energy training scrolls…How does that work?”

“Your Majesty, according to the Law of Zenit, a level 6 affiliated kingdom can only have less than 10,000 citizens, 500 soldiers, only one castle and less than 500 acres of land. Once a kingdom surpasses these restrictions, the excess property would be stripped away if given a light punishment, or the kingdom would be severely punished by the parent empire for breaking the law if given a harsh punishment. Also, level 6 affiliated kingdoms can only have two star ranked energy training scrolls and two star ranked energy technique scrolls. Trading and acquiring higher ranked energy and technique scrolls are strictly prohibited; the consequences of violating of this law would be even more severe.” Brook continued, “Once we advance to a level 5 affiliated kingdom, Chambord will be able to acquire and retain double the resources it currently has now, and Chambord’s strength will increase exponentially……in accordance with that, if we could advance to a level 4, level 3, level 2 or even level 1 affiliated kingdom, the restrictions would loosen up even more.”

“What are these sh*tty laws? Doesn’t Zenit Empire want its affiliated kingdoms to get better and stronger?” Fei couldn’t instantly understand.

“There’s an old saying on the Azeroth Continent – a dog that’s too vicious can rip out its owner’s throat. To the parent empires, they must make sure that their dictatorship won’t be threatened by anyone else. So on the basis of not decreasing the overall strength and power of the empire, all the strength and power of their affiliated kingdoms must be strictly limited.

Last Chapter



* * *





Chapter 64




Chapter 64: Re-entering Diablo

Fei was surprised, but he quickly understood what Brook meant. This situation was almost like colonization.

Fei nodded and asked another question, “Continue, how exact does this Military Exercise work?”

“My King, according to Zenit Empire’s traditions, the Military Exercise comes in two forms. The first form is a battle between the strongest individuals among all the kingdoms. Every affiliated kingdom can send their six most powerful mages or warriors to participate in the battle. The second form is a battle between troops of each kingdom. Every kingdom can send 100 elite soldiers to participate in four rounds of matches. There will be 10 matches for both battles. The kingdoms that win the most matches during the selection round will maintain their current affiliated levels. On top of that, they will also receive the opportunity to challenge a higher leveled kingdom; if they defeat them, they can take its place and advance levels.” Brook, the new [Military Guru] at Chambord was afraid that King Alexander didn’t understand, so he explained everything in detail.

“Alright, so how did we perform in the last Military exercise?”

Brook’s expression was dejected, and the other people in the hall lowered their heads as well. The atmosphere turned cold and depressing. After a while, Brook took a deep breath and said, “Your Majesty, Chambord was originally a level 4 affiliated kingdom and had influence among all the other affiliated kingdoms. However, in the Military Exercise three years ago, we were defeated continuously by both Hull Kingdom and Blackstone Kingdom, and that resulted in our drop to a level 6 affiliated kingdom. Therefore, if we can’t succeed in the next Military Exercise, our kingdom status will be stripped away and Chambord Castle will be awarded to the other great performers as a prize by Zenit Empire.”

“Dropping 2 levels in one competition?” Fei was surprised, “Since we were a level 4 affiliated kingdom, our strength shouldn’t have been weak. How did we perform so horribly?”

After Fei said that, the atmosphere in the hall became very awkward.

Brook coughed and said, “Your Majesty……Last……Unfortunately, two month prior to the last Military Exercise, the old king passed away. It……It was you who was in command. Eh, your intelligence……You weren’t normal yet……so……Eh……Except for Mr. Lampard who won his battle, we lost all the other 19 matches, so……Eh, so we dropped down to a level 6 affiliated kingdom.”

Fei was suddenly embarrassed. Very embarrassed.

He now understood why the other people in the Executive hall had weird expressions on their faces. “So it’s because of me that we’re in such a terrible position. The reason we lost so badly was due to the disappointment of the previous Alexander. But there’s nothing I can do about that. How could we not lose when a retard who had the intelligence of a three year old commanded the troops?”

“Cough, cough.” So it’s like that……Eh, you’re right. Both Hall Kingdom and Blackstone Kingdom are truly hateful. We have to redeem ourselves this time……Brook, you can handle this, start preparing right away…… “Cough cough.” That’s all for today. The meeting is dismissed, dismissed. Hehehe!”

Fei was ashamed and embarrassed, so he dismissed the meeting immediately.

Everyone in the hall saw the king’s embarrassment. The nobles blinked their eyes as they saluted and exited the hall; Drogba, Pierce and a couple other guys laughed heartlessly. They winked at Fei and also turned around and left the Palace. Fei had to hold himself back from pointing his middle finger at them.

Everyone else was gone except for Brook.

“My military commander, do you have anything else to report?” Fei asked curiously.

Brook suddenly kneeled onto the ground; he spoke with a pleading expression on his face, “My king, please hear this presumptuous request of mine. I wish that you could revamp Chambord’s Iron Prison – Water Dungeon. Mr. Peter-Cech is very loyal to the kingdom, and because he didn’t want to conspire with the former Head Minister Bazzer, he was framed for treason and prosecuted. There are many other innocent people who were framed just like Mr. Peter-Cech in the Iron Prison – Water Dungeon. Brook earnestly requests Your Majesty to cleanse this injustice and pardon the innocent people.”

“Peter-Cech?”

The name sounded familiar to Fei. After thinking a little, he quickly remembered that he heard this name the night before when he was getting information about this world from Brook. Peter-Cech was the former First Commander of the King’s Guards and was higher positioned than Brook. However, he was locked up in prison after he offended Bazzer, so Fei never got the chance to meet him.

By the extremely concerned expression on Brook’s face, Fei felt that this First Commander Peter-Cech should be a righteous warrior. Moreover, he could stay on top of Brook who was a one star warrior, which meant that Cech’s strength should be higher than one star. These kinds of masters were what Chambord needed the most at the time.

“You can head to Iron Prison – Water Dungeon right now and pass on my command. Tell Warden Oleg to organize the prison and pause all interrogations and torture. I will be visiting the prison with my guards this afternoon to review the files for each prisoner.”

Brook was dazed. He quickly saluted in extreme gratefulness and turned around and walked out of the palace.

Fei sat quietly on the three or four yard (m) high stone throne. Numerous thoughts came to his mind as he stared at the empty Executive Hall. This was the first time that he issued orders as the king. The feel of controlling everything was ecstatic. From now on, he would be the supreme leader of the kingdom. Although Chambord was as weak as a newborn who struggled to walk, to Fei who had the support of the magical Diablo World, it was a perfect point. One day, he would use this to agitate and move the entire Azeroth Continent.

“I hope Warden Oleg isn’t that dumb. If he understands what I mean by this, he will make some changes in the Iron Prison – Water Dungeon in half a day to recover some of his previous mistakes.”

A mysterious smile came onto Fei’s face.

Although he wanted to enter the Diablo World to improve his strength, the main reason that he didn’t go with Brook to immediately revamp the Iron Prison – Water Dungeon was that more or less, he wanted to give Warden Oleg some time to prepare. Oleg was one of Bazzer’s henchmen, and he had made a lot of mistakes, and was also very afraid of death and wasn’t a brave warrior. However, he was a one star warrior and did gain some credit in the soul-stirring battle on the stone bridge yesterday. Fei decided to give him a chance; half a day was enough time for him to make up for some of his mistakes. That way, it would give Fei a reason to let him live on.

“Fernando, go and find Uncle Bast. Let him prepare a document on all the information about the Iron Prison – Water Dungeon. If he can provide detailed information for each prisoner, that would be even better.” Fei said to the young guard Fernando-Torres behind him.

“As you wish, Your Majesty! But, Mr. Bast doesn’t control the Iron Prison – Water Dungeon, I’m afraid that there isn’t much information on his end……”

Fei smiled as he shook his head, “Fernando, don’t worry. Just go and notify him.”

He rubbed his chin as he watched the blonde boy exit the hall.

“How could Bast not know what’s going on in the Iron Prison – Water Dungeon?” Fei dared to bet his lower body that there wasn’t anything that the old fox didn’t know in Chambord. He knew that his father-in-law wasn’t as simple as he appeared to be on the surface. Maybe he and the number one warrior Frank-Lampard were preparing for this day to come all along!

……

……

Diablo World

At the edge of the 【Cold Plain】, dark clouds covered the sky and it rained rhythmically.

After a slight buzzing noise, 【Necromancer Fei】 fell from the sky and landed on a pile of corpses of monsters and demons. The land was stained by blood, and corpses and limbs were scattered everywhere. Crowds of bluebottle flies flew off the corpses due to Fei’s sudden appearance. It had been a while since Fei left the Diablo World, and all the monsters and demons who were after Fei had dispersed.

Fei picked out some valuable items that were dropped by the monsters and used a 【Town Portal Scroll】. He walked into the portal got returned to 【Rogue Encampment】 and found Female Blacksmith Charsi and sold all the items he didn’t need to this sullen NPC.

Fei didn’t return to the wild and try to level up.

He exited from Necromancer Mode and returned to the 3D character selection screen. Without hesitating, he chose Barbarian Mode and re-entered the Diablo World.

【Barbarian Fei】 appeared directly in 【Rogue Encampment】.

The third quest of 【The Forgotten Tower】 was already activated when he was rescuing the old “obscene” Cain, so he didn’t have to find a NPC to get the quest. He walked towards Kashya, the Military Leader of the camp and found the hot mercenary Elena.

“Mr. Fei, you finally came!”

After seeing Fei’s arrival, Elena was super happy. An unprecedented smile came onto her face as she ran towards Fei from her tent.

A dozen young and pretty female rogues followed Elena. Their smiled and giggled as they stared at Fei with curiosity and envy.

Last Chapter



* * *





Chapter 65




Chapter 65: The Jump in Strength of the Female Mercenary

“Sister Elena, so this is the Barbarian Warrior that you’ve always kept in mind? Wow, he’s a little different from what I’d imagined. I didn’t know that a Barbarian could be this handsome!”

“Heehee, yeah, look at his muscles. He’s so muscular…… No wonder he could travel on the dangerous moor alone!”

“Warrior, you have to take good care of Sister Elena. She’s the prettiest 【Rogue Flower】 and also a strong and reliable magic archer……Heehee, I bet you didn’t know that after hearing that you were going to challenge the Fallen Paladin Griswald-Edward, Sister Elena has been super worried for the last couple of days; she was even calling your name in her dreams!”

A bunch of flower-like youthful female rogues crowded Fei and Elena as they twittered and laughed like sparrows, flirting with both of them.

Some of the more daring girls even walked up to Fei and giggled as they touched Fei’s ripped pecs and biceps with their cold hands. These cold female rogues who protected 【Rogue Encampment】 and battled against monsters on the moor had shown their naughty side.

When the women started “bullying” them, it was terrifying. Fei was overwhelmed with all the surrounding female rogues; a bright blush also covered Elena’s beautiful white face. After Fei realized that the situation was turning in the other direction, he grabbed Elena’s small hand and ran away from the girls wind chime like laughter.

“I’m so envious of Sister Elena, that Barbarian warrior is such an upright man!”

“Yeah, Elena is so lucky, it’s rare to meet these kinds of friendly and nice travellers.”

“Heehee, If I was Sister Elena, I would immediately make him my man……”

At the entrance of the female rogues’ tents, the girls played with each other as they watched the two of them run away. They all had envious expressions on their faces. In this world where survival wasn’t guaranteed, love was a luxurious good. Righteous and kind travellers like Fei were the ideal lovers in many female rogues’ mind. However, even if they didn’t die in battles with monsters, the rogues would only become the wives of farmers and reproduce to make sure that there was always fresh blood at the camp.

……

The Barbarian character was Fei’s highest leveled character, so it had the most damage and defense. Fei had decided a long time ago that he was going to main the Barbarian and level him up as fast as he could. That way, he could become powerful in the shortest amount of time. Other characters such as the Sorcerer and Paladin were defined by Fei as support roles.

Before leaving to the moor and leveling up, Fei had some preparation to do.

Because he broke open the stone bridge on the Zuli River, his Barbarian’s double-handed axe had been destroyed in the process. Fei had to go to the female blacksmith Charsi to purchase some new items. This time, he spent 2,000 gold coins and bought another double-handed axe that had a damage of 1-30. This axe looked similar to the last axe, but the maximum damage on it increased to 3 more points; among all the axes that Charsi sold, it definitely had the highest damage.

After Fei had finished purchasing his items, he suddenly found out that there was a golden exclamation mark. This meant that there was a new quest for him to complete. Fei tried to communicate with this sullen brown haired girl; after about twenty seconds of talking, just like how he expected, he received the quest to find a magic hammer at the 【Barrack】 that would allow Charsi to build magic items.

After he received the quest, he began right away. With some planning and reviewing of the map, he decided to complete the quest that was easier to get to first. Before starting Charsi’s request, Fei planned to complete the third novice quest which showed up after he finished rescuing Cain – kill the Countess in the 【Forgotten Tower】. Fei took Elena who was full of joy after their reunion through the portal in 【Rogue Encampment】 and arrived at 【Dark Woods】.

Currently, it was noon in Diablo World. The weather surprisingly wasn’t rainy, and even the dark clouds that usually never dissipated were gone. The sun appeared in the sky and shined on top of their heads; it was very warm and comfortable.

After confirming the direction, both of them chugged down 【Stamina Potions】; like an eloping couple, they ran towards the 【Black Marsh】.

“Oh, right. Elena, this bow might be useful to you……” While running and slaying a bunch of monsters, Fei suddenly remember the golden rare item 【Boreal Razor Bow】; he kept it just for Elena. He quickly got it out of his 【Item Slot】 and gave it to the hot mercenary.

It was a light short bow. The bow’s body was light gold, and numerous mysterious lines were engraved onto the curved body. A thin golden thread that exuded a soft light connected the two ends of the bow together and the whole bow was permeated with magic powers; it looked like a piece of artwork.

Elena flushed. The magic archer lowered her head and revealed a rare gesture similar to that of a baby girl. She raised her hand and took the short bow out of Fei’s hand lightly; her voice was soft, like the fluttering of a mosquito, “Thank you, Mister.”

“Eh……Elena, don’t call me mister anymore. From now on, just call my name directly.” Fei was a little captivated by this mercenary’s looks. He was stunned for a little bit and scratched his head as he smiled.

Elena replied, “Alright, Mister Fei.”

“……”

……

Killing the Countess wasn’t hard.

The location of the quest was at the 【Forgotten Tower】 in the 【Black Marsh】. After entering the tower, they had to go to the deepest floor at level 5 to find the hidden Countess. Every level in the 【Forgotten Tower】 was filled with all kinds of monsters and demons, including some mini-bosses too. The difficulty here was much higher; it was obvious that compared with the moors and plains outside, the underground environment were more suitable for higher leveled dark and undead creatures. Fei and Elena spent a tremendous amount of effort to get to the underground level 5 floor in the 【Forgotten Tower】.

Fei had a good plan; if the situation didn’t turn out well, he would open up a town portal and send Elena back to 【Rogue Encampment】 first and try to take down Countess by himself using the shameless kiting and running tactic. However, as soon as they entered the fifth level, the short bow in Elena’s hands bloomed with blue frost arrows continuously; like a call from the Grim Reaper, the final boss Dark Hunter Countess didn’t even have a chance to chant her magic spell. She was shot by the frost arrows accurately and had a hard time moving. Fei immediately took the opportunity and charged at the Countess while swinging his new axe. In a couple of strikes, the dark hunter had fallen to the ground.

“Damn, why was that so easy?” Fei was surprised.

He realized that Elena’s strength had increased beyond his expectations. That level of damage was equal to the attack of a level 8 magic archer, but Fei clearly remembered that this female rogue was only level 5 when he entered the Diablo world last time. “How did her strength increase this fast?”

When Fei was stunned and thinking, new changes occurred –

Numerous white lightning strikes exploded from the Countess’ corpse and the whole tower began to shake, as if there was a huge earthquake and the sky was falling down. Suddenly, a golden treasure chest appeared out of nowhere; it was surrounded by a white cloud of haze. The chest was like a gold mine, and gold coins flooded out of the opening non-stop.

“Damn! I’m rich!” All Fei could see were gold coins.

In the blink of an eye, the ground was covered in a layer of gold coins. The gold lights were flashy and bright. There were so many coins that the floors looked like it was layered in gold bricks. The “clinking” sounds of heaven from coins falling out of the chest stopped after about twenty seconds, and then the chest disappeared.

Fei turned around and looked at Elena. He saw the same thing again; it looked like the natives in the Diablo World couldn’t see all the items and rewards that were dropped from the monsters and bosses; Elena hadn’t seen this magnificent scene, and she held onto her bow and guarded Fei. After feeling Fei’s gaze, Elena’s white face turned red instantly; she lowered her head and looked helplessly as she didn’t know what to do.

Fei was stunned yet again by the hot mercenary’s reaction. He really wanted to flirt with her, but before that, he picked up all the items and gold coins first.

It was a little disappointing when the Countess died; not a single rare item had dropped from the final boss in the 【Forgotten Tower】. There were only a couple blue magic items, but at least there were over 5000 gold coins.

After he cleaned up the battleground, Fei looked at his experience bar.

He needed 5 of 6% before he could get to level 13. One hour had passed by already; it was the same as his estimate; more experience would be needed each level, and his leveling speed would slow down as a result.

After killing the Countess, Fei and the hot mercenary immediately rushed to the next quest location – 【Monastery Gate】 at 【Tamoe Highlands】 to complete Charsi’s request. This monastery was the holy place where nuns and monks served god. However, after the monsters and demons took over, it became a miserable hell. What was worth mentioning was that the final boss for the novice map 【Rogue Encampment】- Andariel was also hiding at this place.

Last Chapter



* * *





Chapter 66




Chapter 66: Combine Kill

However, Fei didn’t plan to challenge the final boss at 【Rogue Encampment】 just yet. After he entered 【Monastery Gate】, the first place he went was a small map on the exterior of the Monastery – 【Barracks】.

The magic hammer was in the deepest part of the 【Barracks】. Once he obtained the hammer and brought it back to Charsi at 【Rogue Encampment】, she would add a couple attributes and properties to one of his items.

Fei followed his memories about the map from the original game. After searching for a while, they quickly found the 【Barracks】. This place was more like a huge maze. There were numerous chained corridors and many dark chambers attached to them; it made both Fei and Elena dizzy by just looking at them. It felt like this place was more like an underground tomb rather than a barrack. The atmosphere was very depressing; the inexplicable screams and whistles in the wind, the squeaks of the big black mice running around and the stinky and bloody smells made it feel like hell.

There were monsters and demons wandering around throughout the corridors and chambers; they were all high level, such as 【Devilkin】, 【Death Clan】, 【Black Rogues】 and 【Bone Fire Mages】. Blood spilled whenever they stepped forward. Danger was hidden everywhere.

After they stepped into the 【Barracks】, battles occurred nonstop. After about half an hour of bloody fighting, Fei and Elena were covered in thick blood and white rice-like bone fragments. However, they finally found the chamber where that hammer was stored in.

“Elena, the hammer that we’re looking for is in this chamber. A powerful boss 【The Smith】 is guarding it with a crowd of monsters. After we charge in, you have to stay behind me. Don’t rush in like last time in Tristram, alright?”

Before they challenged and took on 【The Smith】, Fei remembered what happened before and urged Elena to listen to him.

“I got it, mister.” Elena lowered her head again. She stood in the dark like a quiet, lovely orchid. The burning flame far away “engraved” her beautiful figure on the dark floor. She said lightly and gently, “Mister, I won’t disappoint you this time.”

Fei was surprised.

For some reason, he felt that Elena’s behaviour was weird sometimes. During battle, she was the cold, aggressive warrior; every arrow that came from her hand meant death. Under the light of the magic and rare items, she looked like a Valkyrie……But when she was talking to him, she was extremely obedient, gentle and even a little bit shy. The two completely different personalities fused together in her.

“Hehe, does this sturdy chick have feelings for me now?”

Fei was stoked. He instinctively cared for Elena, so he turned around and continued reminding her, “Also, safety is your main priority. If the situation becomes too dangerous, you have to retreat instantly……Don’t worry about me, I have my own method of escaping.”

……

After three minutes.

Fei finally understood that his worries and reminders were excessive. 【The Smith】 was very powerful in his memories, but didn’t even stand a chance under the joint attacks of him and his mercenary. 【The Smith】 roared a couple times and died like a pedestrian in a superhero movie; Fei didn’t even have to use any 【Healing Potions】.

“Pooh, this bastard died too fast. Not a single good item dropped!”

After seeing three or four blue magic items on the ground, Fei kicked 【The Smith】’s corpse. The 7 feet tall (210 cm), blue skinned monster didn’t have any merits except for his strength.

“You’re also a boss, but why is there such a huge difference between bosses? Although 【Countess】 at 【The Forgotten Tower】 didn’t drop any good items as well, she at least “gifted” me 5,000 gold coins. You didn’t drop any good items or many gold coins!” Being poor and stingy, there was no way that Fei wouldn’t be mad.

The only thing that calmed Fei down a little bit was that 【The Smith】 granted him a large amount of experience.

Fei finally leveled up again.

After counting his level up while getting through the corridors and battling with the monsters and demons, Barbarian Fei was already level 14. Fei thought about it and continued the same distribution of attribute points; on top of that, he put one of the two skill points into 【Find Potion】 and the other one into 【Sword Mastery】.

The normal items that the monsters dropped weren’t even close to Fei’s standards, so he didn’t bother to pick them up. He checked his current status and realized that after two rounds of battles, the durability of his weapons and armour was very low, and the potions he was carrying were almost depleted. As a result, he used a 【Town Portal Scroll】 and went back to 【Rogue Encampment】

He found Charsi and gave the magic hammer to this sullen girl.

“Wow, unbelievable! You really killed 【The Smith】 and brought back the hammer. This is amazing! Young warrior, you have won my friendship. As thanks, I will now imbue one of your items with magical powers!” The female blacksmith’s eyes shined as she saw the hammer. Her sullen and sad mood instantly disappeared. A bright smile shined on her beautiful face, as if all the happiness and liveliness was restored into her body. She suddenly looked younger and her attitude towards Fei was unusually enthusiastic.

This change made Fei a little surprised, because it wasn’t like this in the actual game.

A light bulb suddenly lit in Fei’s head, and he went along with Charsi’s enthusiasm and started chatting with her. They had a friendly conversation, and Charsi delightfully offered a 20% discount on the repairs for Fei’s current items; she even expressed that if Fei wanted, he could buy armour and weapons from her at a 20% discount.

The result pleasantly surprised Fei.

However, he didn’t choose to imbue an item right away. This was an invaluable opportunity, so Fei wanted to think about it thoroughly and decide what item would be the best to add magical powers to.

Fei also sold all the blue magic items to Charsi; with all the additional gold coins, Fei was now a rich man who had a net worth of 54,000 gold coins. He looked at the hot mercenary to his side and thought of something. He bought a couple suitable items for Elena as well.

“Mister Fei, thank you for your generosity!”

After putting on the new items, Elena appeared even more valiant, slender and beautiful. Her red hair fluttered in the breeze. Her hair looked like a crowd of burning flames, contrasting her white, smooth and milky skin. An indescribable temperament exuded from her body; no wonder she was called the most beautiful 【Rogue Flower】 in the camp.

……

……

“……When flowers see her face, flowers would wither

When the wind hears her voice, the wind would quiet down.

When sunshine sees her smile, sunshine would shy away.”

The beautiful poem was what traveling poets used to describe the young nun Andariels. A long time ago in the monastery on the 【Tamoe Highland】, there was a beauty that made the whole continent proud. Her name was Andariels; numerous men went crazy over her, and numerous women were crazily jealous over her…….This woman was an orphan and had the name of an angel, attracting the attention of the whole continent. Even the most pious priests would be distracted when they looked at her.

Later though, for some unknown reason, the most beautiful woman on the continent had inconceivably fallen in love with the legendary demon – Lord of Destruction Diablo, and accepted the demon’s power and turned into the scariest female monster on the continent. She took over the monastery and murdered all the nuns and priests. She turned the monastery on the 【Tamoe Highland】 into a living hell. At the same time, it blocked the only path from the 【Rogue Encampment】 to the city to the east 【Lut Gholein】 and turned 【Rogue Encampment】 into a deserted land.

On the way to the Monastery, Fei learnt about this distraught history from Elena.

“A nun fell in love with a demon?” Love is so powerful……Elena, the finally battle is about to begin. After we kick open this door, we will be facing the scariest monster on the rogue continent. Remember, no matter what happens, stay at least 30 yard (m) away from her, do you understand?” Fei stood in the fourth underground level in the catacomb under the Monastery and warned the hot mercenary seriously.

In the last hour, both of them wiped out the monsters in the monastery and found Andariel’s base. Behind the wooden gate in front of them, the super Boss Anderials in the 【Rogue Encampment】 was waiting for them. There would be an ugly battle waiting for them, no question about it.

Elena was nervous, but she still nodded decisively.

Last Chapter



* * *





Chapter 67




Chapter 67: The Tale of the Iron Prison – Water Dungeon

Fei held onto the Barbarian’s axe with both of his hands tightly. He took a deep breath of the air that was filled with the smell of thick blood and adjusted himself into his optimal state. After his physical and mental strength both reached their peak, Fei kicked his right foot and blew open the thick wooden door…..

In the mess of shattered wood chips, the bloody evil nest of the final boss – Andariel had finally lifted its mysterious veil to Fei.

In the endless howls, numerous 【Dark Ones】, 【Rat Men】, 【Ghouls】 and other monsters flooded them.

At the same time, a huge and unimaginable pressure pressed onto them as if it was tangible. Under the terrifying pressure, even the air had thickened. Fei and Elena’s movements were slowed down as if they were in a pool of water. The power of evil was way beyond their imagination.

“Die! Damn intruders!”

A huge roar shook the whole chamber; countless stone statues shattered, the ground cracked and fire started burning on the floor as if it was the call from the deepest part of hell.

Next, a four or five yard (m) tall demon figure appeared in front of them.

It was a partially demonic female giant. She had a stunningly beautiful face; anything pretty would be overshadowed in front of this face. Her face was definitely favoured by the Creation God…… However, aside from this face which had the beauty Andariel’s elegance, everything else on her body was completely demonized. To become stronger, Andariel had taken in the power from hell. Her beautiful hands had become hideous demons claws, and four huge, snakehead-like limbs extended from her back as if she was Dr. Octopus in Spiderman. An unspeakable horror diffused from her body; the unimaginable pressure was being emitted from her.

“Roar – !”

Fei suddenly shouted and Barbarian Warcry – 【Howl】 was initiated.

A magical force spread out and scared away all the low leveled demons and monsters who were following Andariel. Unfortunately, the skill wasn’t effective at all on super boss Andariel. She didn’t felt any fear, and instead lowered her head and roared. Six stinky green frightening clouds emerged from her body.

“Elena, stand far away. Don’t touch them; they are deadly poisons.”

Fei shouted loudly. He took out a bottle of 【Normal Healing Potion】 and bit onto it with his teeth. Then, he charged into the green clouds and approached Andariel instantly. The huge axe in his hands turned into flashes of white light and struck at Andariel.

“AoAoAo – !!”

The female demon felt pain; she roared as she counterattacked crazily.

Fei was already poisoned by the deadly toxin, and very hair on his body had turned green. The Barbarian axe was covered with a thick green juice. Fei was hammered a couple times by the female demon’s counterattacks; he spurted a lot of blood from his mouth, and his health bar was dropping rapidly like a leaking air balloon.

He had to turn around and dodge the attacks. He ran away quickly and gained some distance from Andariel, then opened another bottle of 【Normal Healing Potion】 and chugged it down.

Andariel chased Fei closely. Cloud after cloud of deadly poison mists flew towards Fei and embedded him in it.

At this moment –

“Beng! Beng! Beng! Beng!”

The bowstring that could shatter souls shook the air; 【Boreal Razor Bow】’s golden bowstring left a series of phantom images. A series of frosty blue sharp arrows were shot into Andariel’s body instantly like rain drops in a storm and plundered the female demon’s life.

“Valkyrie” Elena immediately pulled the bowstring and magic power surged madly in her body. She stared at Andariel coldly and attacked after she saw that Fei was in danger.

The level of this aggressive attack had attracted the female demon Andariel’s attention.

She roared in anger as she turned around and walked towards Elena.

“Maintain the distance…… Don’t let her get closer than 30 yards (m)!” Fei shouted as he drank another bottle of 【Normal Healing Potion】. He turned around and chased Andariel as he struck her back with his axe continuously. The female boss’ aggro was finally returned onto him.

Using this method, Fei and Elena tried to alternate between being Andariel’s target; they were both in an extremely dangerous situation.

But on the other hand, Andariel’s health bar was dropping little by little……

Finally, after about half an hour, what Fei was waiting for had occurred – Alongside a loud, painful and unwilling scream, the scariest female demon had fallen into a pool of her own blood. Fei glimpsed a tear rolling off of Andariel’s elegant and beautiful face at the same moment the demonic woman fell down. A sense of relief and fascination filled her pretty eyes, which could make any god go crazy over, as if she was saying farewell to her loved one from far away……

That expression quickly left her face; Fei even thought that he had seen a hallucination.

Then, Andariel’s body started burning. Flames covered her angelic face and hideous demonic body; soon, the body was turned into ashes. Her lower level monster and demon followers wailed and fell to the ground as they were also burned in the crazy fire.

Soon, not a single monster or demons was left in the whole fifth underground level.

Fei was still thinking about the astonishing scene, but a white beam of light fell from the sky and surrounded him……

“Haha, I leveled up again!!”

Fei was excited. He opened up his character status panel; his Barbarian character was already level 16 after these aggressive battles – he had leveled up 4 times in the last 4 hours, which wasn’t bad.

After finishing distributing all the attribute and skill points, Fei’s attention was quickly attracted by the golden lights on the ground. Andariel had dropped four gold rare items continuously. Fei was stoked as he walked up and picked them up. There was a mighty sphinx shield, a pair of exquisite heavy chain boots, a simple traditional steel helmet that had ancient engravings and a three layered yellow leather belt.

“Eh? Ahahahahah, no wonder I didn’t get anything good from 【Countess】 and 【The Smith】, it seems like all the items were accumulated at the final boss Andariel……I’m the luckiest! All four items are what my barbarian needs the most. Hahahaha!”

Fei was so happy that his teeth almost fell off.

Although all four items weren’t identified, Fei could tell that they were quality stuff by just looking at them. After Fei stood there and laughed for a while, he went around and packed all the blue magic items and gold coins that the monsters and demons dropped.

After cleaning up the battlefield, Fei used a 【Town Portal Scroll】 and returned to 【Rogue Encampment】 with Elena.

Fei wasn’t sure if it was an illusion, but as soon as he stepped back to the camp, he felt something was not the same.

Sure enough, waves of cheers sounded by his ears.

“Andariel is dead…….I’m not dreaming, am I?……That damn demon is really dead!!”

“It’s that brave Barbarian warrior, he’s really killed Andariel……This is unbelievable!”

“Light has finally been restored to the Rogue Continent……We’re saved!”

“God bless. Andariel is dead, and the road to the east has been re-opened! We can go to

Lut Gholein now……”

Fei was stunned. He turned around and found out that the hot mercenary was tearing in joy. Elena stared at Fei with admiration and worship, and shook as she said, “Mister Fei, you’ve executed the nightmare of 【Rogue Encampment】- Andariel. You shall become the Legendary Warrior of 【Rogue Encampment】. According to the Blood Oath of Covenant from the ancestors of the camp 60 years ago, you shall become the supreme leader of 【Rogue Encampment】 and lead everyone in the camp. Also, you can acquire three legendary miraculous skills from the Great God!”

As Elena spoke, more and more people crowded together; the greedy priestess Akara, military leader Kashya, blacksmith Charsi, “obscene” old man Cain, gambler Gheed, and many more young and pretty female rogues…… Everyone walked to Fei’s side and sung an ancient, mysterious song as they knelt down onto the ground excitedly and solemnly.

Fei’s mouth was wide open.

“This is weird. I don’t recall any scene in the game about this.” He was very surprised. He was about to ask about the “Blood Oath of Covenant from the camp’s ancestors” and the “legendary skills from the God”, as they gave Fei a huge shock, but at this moment –

“Maximum gaming time is about to be reached……Entering ten second count down……”

The uninvited cold and mysterious voice suddenly appeared in Fei’s head again.

Fei was surprised, but he knew that there wasn’t time for him to ask any questions. He quickly converted a couple items that he wanted into the real world. Unfortunately, 【Town Portal Scroll】 was still not able to be converted due to the level restriction; except for that, Fei had successfully converted a couple bottles of 【Stamina Potions】, 【Normal Healing Potions】 and 【Mana Potions】……

The zero gravity sensation came again and Fei blacked out.

Everything disappeared.

……

When he opened his eyes again, he was already back in the real world.

The sun was on the west side of the sky, and lunch time had already passed by. Fei had no idea there Angela and Emma went. Fei asked a maid to bring him some random food to fill his stomach, then went to Chambord’s Iron Prison-Water Dungeon with his personal guard Fernando-Torres under Brook’s lead. He was ready to execute his orders from earlier this morning and revamp the whole prison.

The Iron Prison-Water Dungeon was where the past kings of Chambord imprisoned and interrogated prisoners. The place was heavily guarded and was located in a remote area. The three of them walked along the wide stone road that led to the mountains at the back of Chambord. They finally arrived after about twenty minutes.

Two thirty yard (m) tall stone warrior statues were standing in front of the gate of the prison. It gave off an oppressive feeling, and the statues looked prestigious. Behind the statues, there was a mile (1 km) long stairway that was layered in white stones; it followed the gently sloped terrain and rose up the mountain. It led to a medium sized square, which held a black bunker style building at the very middle. This was the Iron Prison – Water Dungeon.

This black prison had imprisoned numerous offenders, and many nobles, royalty, heroes, and military officers had died in this place. Numerous civilians and criminals that turned into white bones were here as well. It could be said that this was the scariest place in Chambord. In many tales, when someone was imprisoned in the Iron Prison-Water Dungeon, almost they would almost certainly never walk out alive. Even if it was a hot summer day, no one wanted to approach this bloody, gloomy and bone-chilling “Tomb of Lives”. What surprised Fei and Brook was that when they arrived at the square, it was filled and crowded with people……

Last Chapter



* * *





Chapter 68




Chapter 68: Shocking Discovery

Fei stepped onto the square and took a detailed look around. He found out that most people here were pale and thin, and they wore ragged clothing. They were the poorest citizens in Chambord. All of them gathered here for some reason; when they saw Fei arrive, they cheered and kneeled to the ground.

“Look, his majesty really came……”

“Your Majesty, please restore justice for us all!”

“We want to sue the prison officials. They abused their powers and arrested the innocent……”

“King Alexander, my son was arrested and thrown into the Iron Prison – Water Dungeon just because he accidentally offended former Head Minister’s son Gill. Your Majesty, please do something about it……”

The citizens kneeled on the ground and cried out loud.

Fei turned around and looked at Brook. Brook quickly shook his head and said, “Your Majesty, I didn’t notify these people to gather here; I didn’t even tell them you were coming here this afternoon. Strange……Should I dismiss them?”

Fei smiled as he shook his head, “It’s ok. Aren’t I here to revamp the Iron Prison – Water Dungeon? This is perfect; I can get even more information on each prisoner. Send a soldier to set up tables and chairs on the square and tell Warden Oleg to bring out all the documents. I will revamp the prison in front of all the citizens.”

Brook nodded and went to execute Fei’s order.

Soon, the citizens on the square were separated by the soldiers. A shed was set up on the square and stone tables and chairs were put inside. Piles of documents written on silk and animal skins explaining the trial process and how each case was settled for the last ten years was delivered into the shed. Some documents even had mold on them; they might’ve been left in the same spot for too long. When Fei opened up the black dotted files, a musty smell filled his nose.

“Great and honorable King Alexander, these are the files from the past ten years. I have ordered my subordinates to move all of them here, and not a single file is missing, my king. Since I’ve become the Warden of Chambord, I haven’t dared to slack off at all……” The flatterer Oleg stood beside Fei pleadingly as he smiled. The delicate white feathered fan in his hands was moving briskly and fanned Fei to keep him cool.

Fei lightly nodded.

Oleg came out of the shed excitedly as if he was a cock who got encouraged by its owner during a cockfight. He announced, “The Great King Alexander has arrived at Iron Prison – Water Dungeon to expose and correct all the crimes that the conspirator Bazzer has committed against Chambord. Give thanks as justice and fairness has arrived at Iron Prison – Water Dungeon. If any of you have been treated unfairly and have been persecuted by that damn Bazzer, you can safely complain to the Great King Alexander. Our king is wise, just, impartial and kind…… He will give all the innocent a fair treatment.”

Oleg used at least twelve adjectives to praise Fei. After his saliva had spurted everywhere, he finally ordered the soldiers to carefully separate the citizens from the shed and created a small entrance; the citizens were allowed to enter the shed and complain one by one.

Fei secretly nodded.

Although Oleg was timid, greedy and scared of death, and was just a huge flatterer, he had his strengths. Compared to the military officials such as Brook, he was more attentive. He had a good handle of situations like this. If these types of people were used properly, they would be great assistants.

“Honorable King Alexander, please cleanse my grievances……”

A ragged clothed elderly man came in first and kneeled to the ground. His son was a servant at the former Head Minister’s mansion. His son once broke fatty Gill’s rough dog food bowl by accident and was asked to pay 10 gold coins. Because his family didn’t have that kind of money, his son was locked up in Iron Prison – Water Dungeon; it had been three months now and the old man didn’t even know if his son was still alive.

Quickly, a jailer passed Fei the document about the elder’s son. Fei glanced it over; the record was roughly the same as what the elder had told him. He stroke his pen and put an end to the case. The elderly man’s son was instantly released and Fei took out 10 gold coins from Bazzer’s confiscated property and gave it to the family as compensation. The elderly man’s son had endured some torture, but overall he was healthy. The father and son huddled together and cried, and then they kneeled down to thank Fei for his mercy……

After seeing this scene, all the surrounding citizens became excited.

People came into the shed and cried as they complained continuously. Most of them were little and minor incidents, but because they affected Bazzer and the other nobles in the kingdom, the citizens were abused by the higher powers and were locked up, enduring torture in the water dungeon……

In just thirty minutes, Fei had released more than forty people from the Iron Prison. All the innocent people had not only gotten back their freedoms, but they also received a lot of compensation; one gold coin was around the annual income of a poor family. Everyone in the square felt grateful and kneeled down as they cheered “Hail the king”……

Fei had enjoyed the thrill of being a judge.

But as the revamp continued, people who had just planned on watching couldn’t help but stand up and complain about the injustices that happened to them. Some people were robbed by the nobles and lost everything they had and became homeless, while others had their heirloom treasures cheated from them by big merchants. Some even had their beautiful daughters kidnapped into the noble’s mansions, never to be heard from again……

Suddenly, the citizens on the square were stimulated and outraged, and the situation was getting a little bit out of Fei’s control.

As soon as Fei realized that more and more people were coming to the square after they heard the news, he sweated as he paused the public “revamp” event. He ordered a secretary to record all the complaints and give them to the new Head Minister Bast. Fei believed that his future father-in-law could handle the cases properly.

Fei on the other hand went through all the documents. Most of the cases weren’t difficult to resolve. After two hours, 60 – 70% of the prisoners were released. Honestly, in a remote kingdom such as Chambord, most of the people were kind and friendly; there wouldn’t be any huge or shocking crimes. Most of the cases were created by nobles and wealthy merchants oppressing the poor civilians, while some were disputes between neighbours. To Fei who was educated person from Earth, as long as he followed the principles of equality, all the issues would be resolved quickly.

After finished processing all the documents, all the civilians kneeled down excitedly and cheered. In the cheers of “Hail the King” and “Long live King Alexander”, Fei, Brook and Oleg entered the Iron Prison – Water Dungeon.

After entering the stone bunker, Fei realized that the name of the prison, Iron Prison – Water Dungeon was an accurate description. The building on the square was only the place where the prison official lived; the real prison was underground. Someone had drilled a corridor deep into the rocky mountain.

The corridor was about three yards (m) high and two yards (m) wide and headed deep into the ground. Numerous stone stairways were layered in the corridor.

The lights quickly darkened. After about three or four hundred yards (m) deep underground, the corridor finally became flatter; instead of going deep down, it extended further horizontally. On both sides of the corridor, there were many uneven sized artificial stone racks on the wall that held up charcoal torches. The flames flickered and illuminated the entire corridor, but the darkness further away at the end of the corridor created a daunting atmosphere.

Fei became more surprised as he walked deeper into the prison.

He was shocked when he found out that the inside of the mountain at the back of Chambord was completely emptied out. The entire prison didn’t have a single brick or tile; it was dug from the inside of the mountain as a whole and was like an underground maze. After more than 2/3 of a mile (1km) of walking and passing through more than two dozens iron gates, Fei heard the gurgling sound of water as the passage opened up. Many stone rooms were dug out on both sides of the corridor and sealed by steel fences. These stone rooms were layered with wet hay and contained some basic stone beds and chairs; these rooms were where the prisoners lived.

Due to the massive release of innocent citizens and revamp of the prison by Fei earlier, most of the stone rooms were now empty. Only a few stone rooms were still locking up prisoners who had actually committed thefts, assaults and other crimes. After seeing the appearance of the power figures at Chambord, some prisoners didn’t have any response, some rushed to the steel fence and shouted their innocence and others just laughed at Fei disdainfully……

The further Fei walked, the wider the corridor got; it turned into a large hall.

The gurgling sound of water became clearer and clearer.

Finally, after proceeding 500 yards (m) further, an underground river appeared on one side of the corridor. Cold, bone chilling river water flowed from it. Some stone rooms were dug under the surface of the water, causing the icy water to flood the floor in these rooms; the only way to avoid the chilling water was to stay on the stone beds. This was the so-called “water dungeon”.

The scale of the Iron Prison – Water Dungeon was far beyond his imagination. To dig such a magnificent maze in the mountain, even by using tools and the architectural methods of the 21th century, would take a number of years and a huge sum of money, resources and labour……It was too shocking. It was hard to imagine who had actually dug out such a vast cave?

As if he saw Fei’s confusion, Oleg followed Fei humbly and explained, “Your Majesty, this prison wasn’t built by Chambordians…… According to Royal Literature, one hundred years ago, a citizen was hunting on the back mountain and discovered this underground cave accidentally. After the King knew about it, he ordered a blockade on this place. After generations of Chambord Kings’ exploration and gradual improvements and transformations, this place became the unbreakable prison. For the past sixty years, not a single prisoner was able to escape from here. It was said that your father, the old King Alexander had imprisoned a powerful and terrifying warrior, but until death, that warrior wasn’t able to break from here……”

“So that’s how it is.”

After hearing Warden Oleg’s explanation, Fei instantly understood.

This record was the only way that this could make sense. This huge underground cave could never have been the work of Chambordians. Even if Chambord was still the slightly powerful level four affiliated kingdom, the operation of digging out such a magnificent cave into the mountain would take more than one hundred years.

“Then do you know who created this underground cave?” Fei asked.

“No one knows who created this place. There are no clues or traces left in this place. Except for these simple stone rooms and this corridor, there aren’t any statues or murals. When the royals entered here for the first time, there weren’t any writings, material or supplies. It looked as if this place was dug out by someone and was abandoned for some mysterious reason. Some people even suspect that this is the work of the God.”

“Work of the God?”

“Yes, except for a supreme almighty God, humans have a hard time digging through the hard rocks and creating such a giant cave inside a mountain…..of course, some others say that this stone cave might have been the masterpiece of a cave dwarf, but the dwarfs have disappeared for more than four or five hundred years……”

As Oleg was speaking, Fei’s vision lightened. His field of vision suddenly opened. A hall a few hundred yards (m) high appeared right in front of Fei. Numerous torches were located on the walls and ceilings. They looked like the bright stars in the dark night, shiny and beautiful.

Layers and layers of stairs were dug into the wall as they led to another area. The hundreds of yards (m) high stone walls had been divided into ten floors, with numerous stone rooms on each floor. It made Fei feel like he had travelled in space again and was suddenly in a tall skyscraper on Earth.

It was extremely shocking; no words could describe the shock Fei was experiencing.

“Your Majesty, this is where important offenders are kept. The black cloaked mage and the silver masked man’s body are all locked up in here. The former first commander of the King’s Guard Peter-Cech who was accused of treason is also being kept here.”

Oleg explained to Fei carefully.

Fei nodded and said, “Eh, good. Oleg, send someone with Mr. Brook to bring back Cech. I want to meet him.”

Oleg quickly called over two jailers and ordered them to take Brook up the stone stairs. They quickly disappeared into the corridor in the stone wall. Cech was a felon, so he was locked up on the seventh floor; it would take some time to bring him down.

In the meantime, Fei took a detailed look of this super massive hall. The more he looked, the more he was shocked. Despite being from the 21 century on Earth, he also believed that the building of this hall was God’s work. It was simply amazing; tens of Mogao Grottoes couldn’t compare to the size of this cave.

Suddenly, Fei’s eyes landed on a twenty yard (m) tall huge black steel door that was on the stone wall further away.

“What is that door doing there?” Fei asked.

Last Chapter



* * *





Chapter 69




Chapter 69: Underground Cave Maze

“Door?”

Oleg turned around as he traced Fei’s vision and looked in the direction he was staring. He instantly understood what Fei was thinking and responded right away, “Your Majesty, Iron Prison – Water Dungeon isn’t the entire underground cave maze. There’s an endless passageway behind the door, but no one knows where it leads to. Some people had entered the passageway to explore, but none of them made it back alive. The passageway is extremely dangerous. Some say that there’s a massive maze behind the door, while others say that a terrifying man-eating hell beast hides behind it. Anyways, for a period of time before the door was built, horrible roars and howling noises would be heard everyday, and a great suction force would suddenly occur and pull people into the corridor……To prevent more deaths, the king before your father ordered craftsmen in the kingdom to build an iron gate to seal the corridor behind it and prohibited entry for everyone in the Kingdom.”

As Oleg spoke, he looked at the black iron gate and seemed uneasy.

Fei nodded in a calm and collected manner, but on the inside he couldn’t be more shocked. According to Oleg’s statement, this huge Iron Prison – Water Dungeon was only a part of the underground cave, and maybe only just a tiny part of it.

This was way too crazy. “Who actually built this underground cave?” Fei couldn’t help but link this huge unimaginable cave maze with the grand-scale constructions of Chambord Castle. Suddenly, a thought popped up in his head, “Could the ones who built Chambord Castle have created this underground cave as well?”

Fei vaguely felt that Chambord Castle was the same as this underground cave. It only revealed a small portion of itself, as if it was an unknown mysterious treasure that was covered by the dust of time. The secrets of this area hadn’t been discovered by anyone yet and were just waiting for itself to be uncovered.

At that moment, Fei’s curiosity had reached its peak.

He decided that he had to squeeze out some time later on to go through the black iron gate to the mysterious corridor and figure out what secrets were really hiding in this underground cave maze.

As they talked, Oleg led Fei to a wide open stone room on the first level in the huge underground hall. The room was fully furnished. All the torches in the room added some warmness into the chilly and moist air. Fei walked in and sat on a black fur layered soft stone chair behind a black wooden table as he was thinking about the things he previously neglected.

Suddenly, “Bam! Bam!” It was the sound of the iron fences hitting each other, and it was mixed with “tinkling” noises of the iron chains dragging on the ground. Brook had returned with someone behind him.

“Your Majesty, I have brought Peter-Cech.” Brook saluted as he announced.

Fei took a detailed look at the former First Commander of King’s Guards who was seriously admired by Brook. The man was about 6 foot 4 (190cm), his clothes were all tattered and he was barefooted. It might’ve been that he was locked up for too long, but his hair was all messy and had hay in it, like an old and used mop. He had a thin body; both his hands and ankles were locked up in iron chains that were as thick as his wrist, and the areas of his body that were in contact with the chains was filled with calluses. He looked terrible, worse than a beggar.

However, the eyes that were hiding behind the long, messy hair of this impoverished looking man shocked Fei – his eyes were surprisingly bright, and his brown pupils exuded a strange light. It made Fei feel like the man was a dragon sleeping in a mountain or a tiger resting on a plain. He had an unspeakable calmness and confidence in his eyes. No one could relate this pair of eyes to a prisoner.

“Peter-Cech greets Your Majesty!”

After entering the stone room, Cech glanced around and observed everyone; his eyes landed on Fei last. He didn’t say anything more and kneeled down directly to show respect and salute Fei. The chains on his body started tickling due to his movement.

“Please get up! Oleg, quickly remove the chains on Commander Cech and get another chair.”

Fei got up, walked up to Cech and helped him get up as he said that. Oleg immediately knew that this former first commander of the King’s Guards would come back to power and no one could stop it. Although Cech was charged with the most terrible crime – treason, he could be pardoned at Alexander’s will. The Warden was great at analyzing the situation; he humbly moved a soft fur covered stone chair for Cech and then grabbed the keys from a jailor and released Cech from the chains.

Fei grabbed onto the big black wooden table and single-handedly moved it in front of Cech. The strength of a level 16 Barbarian was completely showcased. He pointed at the delicious and delicate food that Oleg prepared on the table and laughed, “Peter, eat first. We will talk after you get full.”

Cech had a surprised expression on his face as he looked at Fei. After a moment of silence, he grabbed onto a roasted pig leg and started devouring it; he chugged down a cup of wine and ate ravenously as if the food in front of him was the best in the world. Soon, the food that was enough to feed four or five men was cleanly swept up by him. He chugged down the last bit of wine in the silver pot container, got up as he burped and then turned around as he kneeled down in front of Fei again. He lowered his head and loudly swore an oath, “My king, Peter-Cech swears allegiance to you. I shall give you everything I got, even my life!”

Fei was a little surprised. He didn’t expect that after the big meal, Cech would instantly declare his loyalty. He didn’t even have the chance to say the bossy lines he had prepared……He thought to himself proudly, “Did I already develop a domineering appearance that can subdue people subconsciously?”

But Fei didn’t know was that the legendary stories of King Alexander returning to normal, his domination of the battlefield and execution of the powerful enemies, as well as killing the Zenit Imperial Cavaliers at the Celebration Party for the pride and honour of Chambord Kingdom had already spread across Chambord. Even the jailors talked about it for a long time during their free time. What had happened in Chambord had already gotten to Cech. Moreover, Brook had told him millions of times on the way here. The former commander of the King’s Guards was a clever person. He knew his turning point was here; the “reborn” King would definitely value his loyalty, so he swore it right away.

“Great, Awesome! Peter, you’ve been wronged all this time…… Brook, pass on my command. Notify the whole Kingdom; after the King’s investigation, the crime of treason doesn’t stand for the former commander of the King’s Guards Peter-Cech. This incident was conspired by the former Head Minister Bazzer. From today on, his injustice is cleared and he shall be reinstated as the First Commander of the King’s Guard!”

Brook was elated. He didn’t expect things to go this smoothly. He kneeled down with Cech to show his gratitude.

To his side, Oleg was congratulating Cech warmly. From a prisoner on death row to the high ranked First Commander of the King’s Guards, Cech had ascended in power unimaginably and returned to the centre of power in the Kingdom. Although Oleg the flatterer wasn’t a good person, he was great at observing and analyzing situations. He clearly sensed the high regard that the King had towards Cech, so he classified Cech as the type of person he had to have a good relationship with.

After Cech showed his gratitude to Fei, then got up, turned around and surprisingly thanked Oleg, “Thank you for taking care of me these days, or I would’ve being tortured to death in this dark and cruel Iron Prison – Water Dungeon. I will never forget your saving grace and shall repay you heavily for this.”

This sudden scene shocked Fei and Brook as they stared at each other in unison.

The new military Guru Brook was deeply aware of Cech’s personality. He was very dismissive of soft and greedy “thugs” such as Oleg; he could’ve never imagined that Cech would lower his head and thank the latter. He was deeply surprised. Fei on the other side was also astonished; he looked at Oleg up and down several times, as if he had discovered a new continent.

After Cech thanked Oleg, he saw the surprise on Fei’s and Brook’s faces and explained what happened. After he was framed and locked up, Bazzer was afraid of potential hidden problems and wanted to get rid of this stumbling block who in the way of his evil plan. He wanted Cech killed before the formal execution date. It was simply too easy to kill a prisoner in this dark and gloomy prison. However, Oleg who normally listened to Bazzer had the urge to be merciful to Cech, so he didn’t follow Bazzer’s order to torture Cech to death in secret. That was how the former First Commander of the King’s Guards could live until the day that justice shined through. Otherwise, Cech would’ve been a corpse by now.

This was something that no one thought about.

What made Fei and Brook more surprised was that Oleg was rarely thanked by “positive figures” such as Cech, which caused the flatterer to become a little shy. He rubbed his shiny bald head and laughed humbly.

Fei found that interesting and laughed with Oleg.

Although Cech had luckily escaped from torture, his body was still weak due to living in such poor conditions for a long time. If he wasn’t a two star warrior, he would be really ill by now. Therefore, Fei ordered Brook to take Cech out of the prison and get some sunshine and fresh air to recover.

Fei stayed at the Iron Prison – Water Dungeon for a while longer.

“Oleg, if a prisoner becomes ill and dies or gets executed here, how do we deal with their corpses?” Fei sat on the stone chair and closed his eyes as he pondered. He suddenly thought of something and asked.

“According to tradition, they should be burned. But in this underground cave, burning corpses will reduce the air quality. Therefore, after a prisoner dies, if their relatives don’t claim the body, their corpse will be thrown into the underground waterway and washed away.” Oleg didn’t know what the King wanted, so he bent his back and answered carefully.

“Oh……” Fei was a little disappointed. He asked another question, “So are there any corpses that haven’t been thrown away?”

Oleg felt this was a little odd, but since he still didn’t know the King’s intentions, he answered carefully again. “Your Majesty, Mr. Brook told me that you were coming to revamp the Iron Prison this afternoon, so……so I ordered the jailors to get rid of the all the corpses already.”

“Eh? That’s unfortunate. Are there any serious criminals that will be executed soon?”

Oleg kind of had an idea of where the King was getting at. He thought deeply and his eyes suddenly shined, “Your Majesty, there are three wandering mercenaries who killed people in the kingdom. Mr. Brook fought and captured them himself. They’re still being imprisoned at the Water-Dungeon and haven’t been executed yet. Except for that, the corpse of the silver masked man that you brought back and ordered to watch out for a couple days ago is still here.”

Fei was stoked.

“Awesome. Order someone to bring over the three mercenaries……En, and also the corpse of the silver masked man. Prepare a sealed stone room for me……Oh, one more thing. That black cloaked mage is still alive, right? How is he doing?”

“Your Majesty, we followed your instructions. Every time the mage showed signs of waking up, a jailor would instantly smash one of his bones and make him faint him again. That guy is still lying on the prison ground unconscious!” Oleg felt a chill to his bones when he remembered Fei’s vicious and sick order.

“Ahahaha, great. Order someone to bring that mage to the sealed room as well. I have something important to do.”

Oleg turned around and went to bring the prisoners and prepare the sealed room himself after Fei finished speaking.

After more than ten minutes, Oleg returned. He led Fei to a big, wide room on the sixth level in the huge underground hall. A small, concealed room was dug out on the right hand side of the big room. It was about 180 square feet (20 Sq m). The three mercenaries given a death sentence and the corpse of the silver masked knight had already been brought into the room. The poor four star mage was also dragged into the concealed room like a dead dog.

“Guard the door with some jailors. Don’t allow anyone to come in……Remember, it doesn’t matter what happens later on, don’t come in.” Fei nodded in satisfaction and ordered.

“Yes, Your Majesty!”

Oleg left the room with the other dozen jailors in curiosity and guarded the door of the big room carefully. Although the Iron Prison – Water Dungeon was extremely safe, he could tell from the King’s expression that he was about to do something extremely important.

Last Chapter



* * *





Chapter 70




Chapter 70: Crazy 【Hulk Potion】

The air in the small concealed room was a little dense, but it wasn’t humid.

Fei looked around carefully and found some finger-sized holes on the stone walls; they were most likely used for ventilation. The ventilation system in the underground cave was very impressive. Numerous torches and stoves were burning in this gigantic underground structure and many prisoners were living here, but the air quality wasn’t bad; rather, it was quite fresh. Fei had no idea how the mysterious builder did it.

“Crack! Crack!”

The charcoals in the stoves burned and made light popping sounds. The flame in the room was flickering and created a strange atmosphere in the room. The three chained mercenaries were definitely criminals. Although they had been tortured, their spirits were still high and sturdy. After seeing the jailor leave the room and hearing Oleg refer to the luxuriously dressed young man in front of him as “Your Majesty”, a hideous expression appeared on their faces and they approached Fei slowly while dragging their iron chains on the ground……

“Just in time to take this little king hostage and escape from this damn prison……”

“This is a godsend! Hahaha, quickly go and block the entrance, don’t let him run away……”

The three mercenaries winked at each other mutually and surrounded Fei; they grinned nastily as they got closer and closer. They looked at Fei as if they were looking at a corpse. The expressions on their faces told Fei everything.

“Humph! Your guys sure are overconfident! Die!”

Fei sneered as he raised his arm and grabbed one of them; the bald man who was the strongest among the three of them had no way of resisting; it was as if Fei was easily grabbing onto a toddler. He smacked the mercenary on the head with the other palm. “Crack!” In a crisp and chilling sound, the mercenary’s head was smashed into his chest cavity under the strength of the level 16 Barbarian and the man turned into a headless corpse.

The other two’s faces paled as they saw the terrifying scene. Their souls were almost scared out of their bodies. They shivered as their hideous expressions disappeared. As if they had epilepsy, they couldn’t even speak properly. The three mercenaries were heinous criminals and deserved to die. Half a month ago, for the sake of robbing one silver coin, the three of them cruelly murdered a poor family. They dismembered the poor couples’ dead body and raped and killed the 13-year-old daughter. They committed crimes that would anger the Gods. The tragedy was discovered by Brook, and he chased them with the King’s Guards more than 10 miles (15 km) and captured them alive. Fei had already went through the documents and records of the three mercenaries, so killing them wouldn’t give Fei any psychological burden or feelings of guilt.

Fei didn’t care about the two mercenaries who were about to shit their pants. He squatted down and pressed his right hand onto the chest of the bald man’s corpse. He suddenly roared lightly and a stream of magical force instantly rushed out of his palm and drilled into the dead body. Following a muffled “bang” sound, the corpse’s chest exploded. A huge bloody hole appeared on the chest and all the internal organs turned into a pool of thick blood.

It was the Barbarian’s 【Find Potion】.

Fei was disappointed by the result; not a single potion was found. Under the limitation of the level 1【Find Potion】, finding of a potion wasn’t guaranteed. There was the problem of probability.

Just like that, he had wasted a corpse.

Fei raised his arm and grabbed again. The big bearded mercenary couldn’t escape his fate and was grabbed by Fei. Regardless of the mercenary’s desperate screams and struggles, Fei smacked him dead and pressed his right palm onto this corpse’s chest as well. He lightly roared and the magical force surged; 【Find Potion】 was initiated again.

“Bang!”

There was still only a slight explosion, and blood spilled everywhere.

All of the internal organs turned into sticky blood again, but Fei was disappointed again; no potion was found.

Fei frowned, and then he thought, “Could there be any differences between corpses in the Diablo World and the real world? Is that the reason why there weren’t any potion found? But on the battle on the stone bridge, 【Corpse Explosion】 in Necromancer Mode was perfectly executed. There shouldn’t be any problems……”

Fei turned around and looked at the final thin and tall mercenary. The last mercenary saw Fei’s stares, and he screamed, “Devil!”. Then, his eyes rolled and he fell unconscious.

Fei thought about it and realized that this mercenary might be useful later on, so he didn’t bother with the last mercenary.

He turned around and walked up to the silver masked knight’s corpse and took off his mask. A young face was under that mask; his brown hair still had an aroma in it. He had a curved nose, oval-shaped face, and smooth white skin. Anyone could tell that the knight was brought up in a wealthy and noble environment. The knight was very handsome while he was alive, but after his death, there were no difference between him and the other mercenaries.

The knight was wearing a set of delicate and luxurious armour. Although the knight was dead, there was a hint of magic power still circulating on the surface of the armour; a stream of visible blue energy stuck onto it. This was definitely a set of advanced magic armour. The reason why Fei killed the knight by piercing through his throat was to avoid damaging this set of armour. Naturally, he had a use for it.

Fei wasn’t polite. He removed all the armour and items off of the knight carefully and only left some normal clothes on the corpse. He pressed his right hand on to the chest, concentrated his powers and slightly roared. 【Find Potion】 was activated again and the light magical force drilled into the corpse……

“Bang!”

“Plump!”

Fei heard two sounds, one after another. The chest exploded and a huge bloody hole appeared. After a quick flash of green light, a test-tube like small bottle appeared out of thin air and floated up and away from all the splattering blood. After levitating about a foot high (30 cm), it stopped moving and floated in mid-air. The bottle was extremely smooth and the green liquid inside had a stunning shine.

“Success!”

Fei was stoked; he reached out and grabbed the green bottle.

A light warmth spread onto Fei’s palm from the glass bottle. It was soft and comfortable, just like a living thing. Fei could even vaguely feel a hint of intimacy. This green liquid was exuding a weak spiritual energy, as if it was a newborn lingering onto its mother.

“Huh? This is strange. It isn’t a red 【Healing Potion】, nor a blue 【Mana Potion】 or white【Stamina Potion】 or pink 【Rejuvenation Potion】 or even a yellow 【Exploding Potion】. What potion did I find?”

Fei quickly found out the difference between the potions that he had seen in the Diablo World and this green potion. He hesitated. He didn’t know what this potion was called, so he had no way of confirming the effect of this potion. If this was a deadly 【Poison Potion】, then wouldn’t it be suicide if he drank it?

He thought about it for a little while and saw the tall and thin mercenary who had fainted. His eyes shined and he suddenly had an idea. He walked up to the mercenary and kicked him up. Without any explanation, he squeezed open the mercenary’s mouth and dripped a couple drops of the portion into it. The mercenary did everything he could to resist it, but his strength couldn’t even match a tenth of the level 16 barbarian’s monstrous strength. The potion easily slid down his throat and the mercenary started screaming in horror as he clutched onto his neck.

Fei stared at the mercenary closely.

The last mercenary was his “lab rat”.

One second……

Two seconds……

Five seconds……

The mercenary dug his fingers into his throat as he laid on the ground and tried to vomit and get the couple drops of “Evil Poisonous Potion” out of his body. But he was disappointed. After the potion entered his throat, it disappeared as if it had already been dissolved into his blood; even if he puked out his stomach, the potion wouldn’t come out of his body.

Fei stared at the mercenary and tried to find out the effect of the potion.

After a minute, aside from the struggling and retching, it seemed like there weren’t any other symptoms. The potion couldn’t heal or recover stamina….. “Did I miss something? Or does this green potion simply have no special effects?”

Fei was disappointed.

But at this moment, an something unexpected occurred –

Following the terrifying and painful screams of the tall and thin mercenary, a green light suddenly appeared on his face, and then it slowly expanded. It moved from his face to his neck, chest, arms and legs…… It ended with the light expanding to the mercenary’s entire body, which shivered crazily. Under his exposed skin, it seemed like there were living things continuously drilling through his body. There were numerous bulges on his body, along with exposed veins, his body was hideous and scary.

Finally, the mercenary turned green. His screams and roars slowed and quieted down. He stared at his own body in horror; his had a confused expression on his face. After a couple seconds, the green light and the green color on his body started to fade and eventually disappeared, as if nothing had happened.

However, Fei was pleasantly surprised.

This was because after the green light disappeared, the tall and thin mercenary had become mysteriously strong. He was ripped and the muscles on his body bulged. Anyone could see the explosive strength in his strong muscles. He looked lively now compared to his previous half-dead state.

“Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!”

The mercenary subconsciously his hands and heard a series of metal clanking noises. Iron chips and fragments flew everywhere; Fei’s pupil contracted because he clearly saw the four thick iron chains on the limbs of the mercenary being easily broken.

“This guy suddenly gained such a monstrous strength!”

His Barbarian’s understanding and familiarity with strength allowed Fei instantly make this judgment. A couple drops of the mysterious green potion had suddenly given this mercenary the strength of a level 5 Barbarian.

“Hahahahahaha……”

After feeling the tsunami-like monstrous strength surging in his body, the mercenary was extremely excited. He swung his fist randomly and left a deep and shocking mark into the hard stone wall; the collision didn’t even leave a single scratch on his fist.

“It looks like this mysterious green potion didn’t only grant him the powerful strength, but it also improved his body’s fitness. Otherwise, if his body were still weak, the repulsion force from leaving a deep mark into the stone wall would have at least broke open his hand.” Fei made another observation.

“Hahaha, little king, you asked for this yourself. I can feel the unprecedented strength. Hahaha, thank you so much! If you obey my order and take me out of here, I will spare your life!” The enormous increase in strength gave the mercenary a huge boost in confidence. He had a vicious look on his face; he cracked his knuckles as he approached Fei slowly.

“Protect the King!”

Oleg was guarding the gate when heard all the noises in the room and felt something was wrong. He hesitated a little bit, but ended up taking his sword and rushing into the concealed room. He utilized his one star warrior’s strength as he charged and struck at the mercenary while roaring.

“Tink!”

The mercenary hit Oleg’s sword with a backhand smack. The huge force blew the sword from Oleg’s hand, causing it to fly in the air and get stuck in the stone wall. The huge strength also forced Oleg back a dozen steps; Oleg wasn’t a match for the mercenary……

After getting an advantage in combat, the mercenary’s confidence boosted even higher. He charged at Fei, wanting to seize the head of the kingdom and use Fei as a hostage to bargain his way out of this horrifying prison. He had already decided that after he got out of jail, the first thing he would do was chop that damn commander whose name was Brook into thousands of pieces.

However –

“Humph, overconfidence!”

Fei sneered; he didn’t even try. He swung his hand lightly and sent his hand flying at the mercenary’s head before the mercenary could even touch him. “Crack!” Without a doubt, the confident Mercenary followed the footsteps of the first bald mercenary; he was turned into a headless corpse instantly. The body dazzled a little bit and then slammed onto the ground. The strength of a level 5 Barbarian was like a pile of garbage in front of the strength of a level 16 Barbarian.

Fei then turned his head and stared at Warden Oleg who was in a big shock.

“Your Majesty, I……I heard all the noise and felt something was wrong. I was afraid that you were in danger, so……I……” As Oleg was speaking, he quickly kneeled onto the ground. “My apologies Your Majesty! My apologies. I shouldn’t have entered without your permission!”

Fei looked at the Warden who was shivering as if he was in a freezer and calmed down. “When Oleg rushed in, he didn’t see anything that he wasn’t supposed to see. Plus, he was concerned about my safety.” After a moment of silence, Fei spoke, “Next time there won’t be any exceptions. For your loyalty’s sake, I won’t hold you accountable for your intrusion this time. Please leave now!”

“Thank you Your Honour for pardoning me! Thank you!” Oleg quickly got up and exited the room.

The flames flickered, and four corpses were lying on the ground with their chests open beside a half dead skeleton-like mage. The atmosphere in the room was creepy as hell. However, Fei couldn’t hide his inner happiness. He pinched onto the green potion with his fingers and held it up close to his face to observe it closer and to feel the devastating energy that was in the potion.

“This green potion……Let’s call it the 【Hulk Potion】!”

Fei murmured to himself. He didn’t expect that the Barbarian’s 【Find Potion】 would discover such a crazy potion. After thinking about the magical effect the potion had on the mercenary, Fei couldn’t help but think about the famous fictional character in the superhero movies – The Hulk.

A couple days ago, Fei was worrying about improving the strength of the leadership at Chambord; now, he had the 【Hulk Potion】, and that question was solved!

Last Chapter



* * *





Chapter 71




Chapter 71: For What Reason?



The 【Hulk Potion】 was only about 50mm and was stored in a test-tube like glass bottle. Fei had given the last mercenary about ⅓ of the potion in his experiment, leaving only ⅔ of this extremely precious potion. Fei had a perfect place to keep them in: the storage units in his Barbarian Belt.

He squatted down and pressed his right hand onto the now buff and tall mercenary’s chest and used 【Find Potion】. Unfortunately, he got nothing except a puddle of thick blood. There was nothing he could do. Since 【Find Potion】 was currently only a level 1 ability, the probability of actually finding potions was very low.

All four corpses in the concealed room had been used and the only bottle of 【Hulk Potion】 was an unexpected surprise, but Fei hadn’t obtained the information he needed the most.

How did this powerful magic potion appear when it didn’t even exist in the Diablo World? If he had to come up with a reasonable explanation, he thought that it could possibly be an inconceivable mutation of the Barbarian’s 【Find Potion】 ability when he brought it into the real world. Then, the 【Hulk Potion】 would very likely be the result of the mutated ability. A mutation of this sort was out of Fei’s control. He hadn’t tested out the chances of obtaining a 【Hulk Potion】, nor did he know if there were any other side effects on the potion. Lastly, he wasn’t sure if anyone could just take this potion and gain the monstrous strength that the tall mercenary obtained.

Before he could use this potion to increase the strength of his subordinates, Fei had to figure out all the answers to these questions. Even if it was on Earth, huge international pharmaceutical companies would still have to conduct hundreds of clinical trials before putting anything on the market.

After he thought through all the key points, Fei sighed lightly.

He concentrated his attention onto the black cloaked four star mage lying on the ground like a dead dog. The mage’s “limbs” twitched as blood foamed out of his mouth. It was funny how this mage was probably the most unfortunate mage in the history of Azeroth Continent. In terms of power and strength, the mage could easily conquer a remote kingdom like Chambord on his own; however, he had met Fei. He was beaten like a sandbag by the savage despite being surrounded by thousands of allies. Right now, this poor mage was half dead. Under the instructions of Fei, every time the mage showed signs of waking up, the jailors would hit him hard and make sure that he fainted again. Except for a couple of rib bones that were still intact, all the bones in his limbs were broken. If he wasn’t a four star mage and had a strong vitality, he would’ve been dead by now.

Fei walked up to the mage with a dirty smile on his face.

He grabbed a bottle of 【Healing Potion】 from his belt and opened the lid. He dripped a couple drops onto the mage’s broken limbs. Instantly, a magical force surrounded the limbs and they started recovering……

After four or five seconds.

Although the mage’s limbs still looked wretched and there were still bone fragments and rotting flesh showing, his limbs at least resembled them now. Fei didn’t want the mage to fully recover. If a four star mage went crazy, the power of a level 16 Barbarian wouldn’t be enough to handle it.

During the process, Fei discovered something interesting –

The 【Healing Potion】 had different effects on different people. The effects were stronger on weaker people, while the effect diminished on more powerful people. Given the same amount of potion, it was enough to almost revive Pierce who was on the verge of dying, but for the four star mage, it was only enough to heal some exterior injuries.

“Splash – !”

A bucket of cold water mixed with salt was poured onto the four star mage.

“Ah…….” The mage finally woke up with a long, hoarse groan. He opened his snake-like eyes and glanced around. His eyes landed on the face that he would never forget in his lifetime. Instantly, he started trembling as if he were a girl who had seen the devil take her virginity. He couldn’t help but scream, “It’s…. you?”

“Ha, you have a good memory. It’s me, hehehe!” Fei laughed arrogantly. He couldn’t help but feel proud. Seizing and capturing a four star mage despite having less strength than a three star warrior… this record could go into the Records of Great Achievements by all the Kings of Chambord.

“You’re done! AHAHAHAHA, you’re dead……Ignorant dumbass, stupid pig, funny dog. You’re still laughing? Do you know what you’ve done?” The skeleton-like mage started screaming in shock after he saw the silver masked knight’s corpse. His body started shaking as if he was getting an electric shock. “The entire Chambord Kingdom will become hell! You killed Prince Mateja-Kezman of the Eindhoven Empire. The entire Zenit Empire will be crushed into pieces!”

“Damn! You want more torture, b*tch? So arrogant, despite being a prisoner.”

After seeing this mage yelling arrogantly rather than begging for mercy, Fei became mad. He rushed to the mage and stomped on both of the mage’s thighs. “Crack! Crack!” the sound of bones breaking could be heard. The leg bones which recovered under the effect of the 【Healing Potion】 were turned into a pile of bone fragments, and the thighs turned into meat paste again. The poor mage puked up more blood foam and fainted again.

Fei dripped a couple drops of 【Healing Potion】 onto the leg again.

After a few seconds, the mage woke up again slowly. After he saw Fei, he started screaming again, “You……You damn pig! Dumbass, you, you, you……”

“Crack! Crack!”

The recovered legs were stomped on yet again.

Fei squatted down again and patiently dripped some 【Healing Potion】 onto his legs.

This time, the mage seemed to understand the situation he was in. He was much quieter this time. He sweated and spoke breathing heavily, “You stupid guy. If you want to live, then start running away right now……you……you’ve made a huge mistake.”

“If I were you, I would worry about your own life first. Honorable Mr. Mage, tell me your name and origin……And, is this bastard’s name Mateja-Kezman?” Fei pointed at the silver masked knight’s body and asked coldly. “You better tell me everything you know. Otherwise…… Hum!” A murderous expression appeared on Fei’s face.

“My life?” The mage bit his teeth angrily as he spoke, “I’m injured to this point. Do you think I have a chance to live on? Hehe, but you, young king……Tremble! You will spend your entire future in fear. You’ll be hunted, and you’ll witness the deaths of your loved ones and see their skulls get turned into wine cups. Their souls will be cursed and their limbs will be cut……”

“Pia! Pia! Pia!“

Fei held up the mage by his collar of the black cloak and slapped him multiple times; a couple bloody teeth flew in the air and landed onto the ground. “You reckless f*g, how dare you curse at me? My patience is wearing thin. If you speak rubbish one more time, I will turn your skull into a wine cup!”

“Pooh! You killed Prince Mateja-Kezman of the level 4 Eindhoven Empire. Hahaha, once the Eindhoven Empire knows about this, not just your little Chambord Kingdom, but also your parent Empire Zenit will be crashed into pieces……” The mage spat a mouthful of blood onto the ground. Under the threat that Fei imposed, he answered Fei’s questions honestly. A malicious looked flashed on his face. As he said the words “Eindhoven Empire”, a gloating smile came on his face. He was waiting for the little king to mentally collapse, because a level 4 Empire wasn’t something that a little remote kingdom could defend against.

But, he was disappointed.

“This dude is a prince of a level 4 Empire?” After a brief moment of surprise, he laughed as he pointed at the corpse of the silver masked knight. “So I’ve killed a prince of a level 4 Empire? Hahaha, after hearing you say that, I feel very refreshed. The feeling of killing a prince is really different…… Hey, does that damn Eindhoven Empire have more princes?”

“You……” The mage was shocked. His lips swelled after Fei’s powerful slaps as if two sausages were hanging off of his mouth. He couldn’t speak clearly due to his lost teeth. Plus, he didn’t know what to say. Didn’t the dumb pig in front of him know the consequences of angering a level 4 Empire?

After seeing the mage being beaten, Fei spoke slowly, “Hehe, after you fainted, your soldiers were cleanly wiped out by the Zenit soldiers. Not a single one escaped. Hehehe, I guess your troops snuck to Chambord. Now that everyone else is dead, you’re the only person who’s alive, and you’re locked up in the Iron Prison – Water Dungeon which even moon ranked masters can’t even escape from. How will the Eindhoven Empire know that their prince died here?”

“You……” The mage’s eyes instantly opened wide. As if he was struck by a lightning, he blurted, “How did you know?”

“Wasn’t it easy to find out? From the beginning, I was wondering why my enemies didn’t display any banners and flags. If you guys were bandits, your troops wouldn’t have been so organized and well trained. The black armoured enemies had a ton of star ranked warriors and a lot of sieging machines. Anyone could tell that you were part of an elite formal army…… Therefore, there was only one explanation – you guys took off your banners and flags on purpose to hide your origins. You guys didn’t want others to know who you were. That raises another question… why? It’s because you guys were engaging in a secret military operation and it was very likely that this operation was so secretive that it couldn’t even be known to strangers or your own people……Hehehe!”

Fei was actually spouting complete bullsh*t; he was becoming more fluent and his story was making more sense as he continued the BS.

But after seeing the mage’s facial expression turn sour, Fei was secretly stoked. He knew that his BS was getting onto something. Maybe something he said was the truth. He smiled nastily as he got closer to the mage. His expression suddenly turned cold and he threatened, “Old thing, hehehe, give up. If you don’t want to be tortured, then tell me why you guys snuck into Chambord Kingdom? For what reason?”

Last Chapter



* * *





Chapter 72




Chapter 72: Origin

A couple expressions flashed through the mage’s face, followed by a moment of silence. He suddenly sighed, “Young man, I have to admit that you are very smart to be able to accurately guess the truth from such few clues. However–hehe –it’s useless. Even if the Eindhoven Empire temporarily doesn’t know where the prince has gone, once they realize that something is wrong, nothing can hide from the Eindhoven Empire‘s ears. Even if they lose a single horse, the imperial secret spies can investigate and find where it is, not to mention his highness and his three thousand black armoured elite soldiers. When they find out what has happened, Chambord and Zenit Empire will be doomed. Everyone will die!”

“Die your mom!” Fei threw the mage two more slaps to his face, making the mage “climax”; a portion of his teeth flew out of his mouth again. Fei threatened, “Old Douche, tell me honestly why you guys came to Chambord!”

The mage sneered. A look of viciousness and spitefulness flashed in his eyes as he kept his silence.

“Yo! Trying to act tough in front of me?” Fei was so angry that he started laughing. “Alright old thing, you have some balls. Hold yourself together for this!”

Fei sneered as he grabbed onto one of the mage’s bones that had just recovered; he applied some of his strength and crushed the bone again. The mage took in a deep cold breath and passed out. Fei took out the 【Healing Potion】 and dripped some of it onto the bone. Soon, the old mage woke up and looked at his own leg bone in shock. “My bone has recovered already? This……”

“Old douche, look at this……” Fei lightly shook the half-filled 【Healing Potion】 bottle in his hand and smiled as if he was a devil ready to make a dirty exchange. “The potion in this bottle is enough to revive a life and heal anyone. It doesn’t matter how severe an injury is; a few drips of the potion will heal it. If you still try and act tough and stay silent, hehehe, I’ll crash and shatter your bones, heal it again, break it again, and heal it again……If you have the patience to play with me, I’ll let you feel the pain of getting every bone in your body crushed thousands of times. That feeling…… Hehehe, hahahahaha……”

The mage broke down instantly and cried, “Devil, you devil……”

Fei laughed, “If you tell me the truth, I’ll save your life with this potion. All the broken bones in your limbs and body will be completely recovered. If there’s a chance, we might even be able to cooperate! Hehehe!”

The mage rolled his eyes a couple times and hesitated as he contemplated his situation. His limbs had already been beaten and crushed into meat paste and had no life in them. The only way that he survived until now was by relying on his powerful magic powers. He had no desires and no needs anymore. This was why he was super brave and tough. But as soon as he saw hope for survival, the mage’s resolve finally wavered. Desperation could make heroes, but hope could turn even the best hero into a coward. The red potion in the devil’s hand was the only hope for the black cloaked mage; everyone treasured their own lives, and a huge opportunity had been presented right in front of him. If he could handle it properly, he could soar back to his prior status and power level……Therefore, he eventually submitted to Fei. He nodded, “Alright, I’ll tell you everything I know, but before that, you have to swear that once I tell you everything, you will heal me. If you aren’t a man of your words, you will……”

“I swear to the God of War that as Alexander, the King of Chambord, if I don’t honour my words, then I shall fall into the deepest part of hell and be tortured for eternity!” Fei raised his hand and vowed solemnly.

The mage believed Fei.

“My name is Evans and I’m a four star mage. I’m from the faraway – Level 9 Manchester Empire. I was traveling around the continent in accordance with my tutor Ferdinand’s instructions. Three months ago when I was traveling through the deep forest to the North of Eindhoven Empire, I accidently ran into two mercenary teams fighting to the death over a mysterious black map. In the beginning I was only curious, so I killed off all the hundred or so mercenaries and laid my hands on the map. I wasn’t really paying attention to it at first, but then I found out that the materials necessary to make the map were things that I, a four star mage, had never seen before. After some translation and research, I was shocked to find out that I had inadvertently picked up a huge surprise – The map was an antique passed down from the Battle of Gods and Demons thousands of years ago. Many locations were circled by red marks. Those areas are likely the ruins of the Mythical Wars between the God and Demons. Besides those ruins, many other locations were marked as well, but I don’t know what they represent……After I found out about this surprise, I wanted to explore the ruins of the Mythical War. I spent about two months researching and studying this map in great detail and finally located one of the many ruins……”

“So one of these ruins is at Chambord Castle?” Something triggered Fei as he asked calmly.

“En, that’s right. It was at Chambord Castle. More than a month ago, I came to Chambord Castle a couple times and searched for the ruins in the castle carefully. Although I found some rough clues, I never found the real entrance to the ruins. After that, I realized that finding the ruins would likely be a time and energy consuming operation. I couldn’t do it all by myself. Plus, there were so many people living in Chambord. Therefore, after some thought, I had to find a helper……”

“So you went and found that damn Prince of Eindhoven?”

“I knew the Prince Mateja-Kezman beforehand. He knew that I was powerful and tried to recruit me under his belt to help him battle for the throne of Eindhoven Empire against his two brothers…… I found him and told him that I had discovered ruins from the Mythical War thousands of years ago and invited him to explore it together. Once he acquired the ruins, he would be able to easily beat his two brothers and become the next Emperor of the Eindhoven Empire. Mateja-Kezman was stoked and accepted my invitation immediately. To prevent his two brothers from finding out what he was up to, he pretended to travel for leisure and brought his elite soldiers to the edge of Zenit Empire. We immediately changed our appearances and took off all our banners and flags. Then, we snuck through Zenit Empire’s sentries, crossed the valleys and forests and surrounded Chambord in the blink of an eye. The plan was to conquer the castle at light speed and massacre all the citizens and royals. After we gained ownership of the castle, we would create a false impression that nothing had happened and search the castle for the ruins. After all, no one would pay attention to a remote little kingdom such as Chambord. Until Zenit Empire found out about us, we would’ve already acquired and took over the ruins, hehehe……”

“That’s strange… by your gloomy and vicious look, you probably don’t have the kind of heart to help that idiot prince fight for the throne, moreover to share the Mythical Ruins with him. You’re up to no good as well……” Fei stared at the mage and sneered.

“Ake, ake…….” The mage coughed up a mouthful of blood. He said weakly, “Of course, the Mythical Ruins are so precious; why would I share it with him? Once we found the entrance to the ruins and started exploring, I would kill him, take control of the three thousand soldiers and order them to continue exploring the ruins for me. Hehehe……” The mage started laughing when he spoke of his master plan.

“Aren’t you afraid of Eindhoven Empire’s revenge?”

“To avoid other people from finding out what we were doing and prevent unnecessary fights over the ruins, we wiped out all the traces. No one would be able to find out where Prince Mateja-Kezman and his troops had gone…… Hahaha, Prince Mateja-Kezman dug his own grave. Everything was going according to my plan.”

“So all the stuff you said about the Eindhoven Empire eventually finding out what had happened was just to scare me?” Fei sneered. “Will they never find out that their prince died here?”

“Nothing’s certain. You can’t underestimate Eindhoven Empire’s strength. They will find out eventually. However, even if they do, so what? I’m from the level 9 Manchester Empire, and my mentor Ferdinand is a very important official in the Empire. When they find out about this, I’d already be done exploring the ruins and have reported the ruins to the Manchester Empire. By that time, I would have the appraisal of the Empire and my status would soar. Hehehe, what could a level 4 Empire do to me at that time?” The Mage had a vicious expression on his face as he said that.

“Your idea was great, but unfortunately, your luck wasn’t on point. You met me and were beaten like a sandbag. Aren’t you a weak prisoner now, begging for mercy?” Fei was being sarcastic. ” I have to thank you. If it wasn’t for your detailed planning, Chambord may have truly be doomed under Eindhoven cavalries’ iron hooves.

The Mage was enraged after he heard that. He stared at Fei angrily and wanted to say something sarcastic back, but after a moment of hesitation, he lowered his head and sighed sadly. “What could I do? Calculations can’t stand against fate. I would have never thought that such a magnificent character like you could exist in the small Chambord Kingdom. However, we wouldn’t know each other if we didn’t fight. What you said earlier was true. We can cooperate and work together in the future.”

Fei didn’t comment on the mage’s recommendation.

He was shocked on the inside. What the Mage said had proved some of his early hypotheses. Chambord did have a long history behind it, and the huge underground maze-like prison was probably a part of the Mythical Ruins.

Fei didn’t shown any emotion on his face; he continuously asked, “Tell me about the Mythical Ruins.”

“You’ve never heard of the Mythical Ruins before?” the Mage laughed disdainfully. But after he saw the murderous glare in Fei’s eyes, his ego disappeared like melting ice cream and answered humbly, “According to legends, thousands of years ago Gods and Demons ruled the Azeroth Continent. Both races were crazily powerful. They could crush mountains, rip open the skies, shatter the land and do whatever they wanted. But for some reason, both races couldn’t bear each other; one race had to die. Since the beginning of their existence, they had fought and battled against each other. The war lasted more than tens of thousands of years. Gods and Demons battled across the continent and the ruins of war spread across the whole continent. However, the ruins were slowly buried by in dust over time…… afterwards, the two powerful races of Gods and Demons suddenly disappeared mysteriously from Azeroth Continent. After a long period of time, the human race slowly rose…… Of course, these are only legends told by traveling poets and storytellers. But, people did find quite a few mysterious ruins on the continent and gained a ton of incredible items from them. Even the training methods of energy and magic powers extremely popular on the continent right now were discovered from the ruins. People had gotten magic items and devices, wealth, energy technique scrolls, magic training scrolls…… and much, much more from the ruins. ‘Once you acquire a Mythical Ruin, you will obtain everything.’ That was the golden rule on the continent. Level 9 Barcelona Empire, the number one empire on the Continent, and a few other Empires such as the Milan Empire, Chelsea Empire and Anfield Empire all rose to power and got stronger after they discovered large scale Mythical Ruins. Even our Manchester Empire was no exception; the great imperial creator Master Matt-Busby created the Manchester Empire after he discovered a great Mythical Ruins and acquired of its resources.”

As the mage spoke, a rare and proud expression appeared on his face. The man named Busby must have been super powerful.

Last Chapter



* * *





Chapter 73




Chapter 73

Chapter 73.1 – Means of a King (1)

After Fei heard everything the mage said, he had some ideas about what was going on.

The so called Mythical Ruins was similar to a pirate’s buried treasure. If anyone was lucky enough to find an unexplored Mythical Ruins, they would obtain magic devices, training scrolls, and more from the gods’ and demons’ era. And if those items were utilized properly, even if the so called Eindhoven Empire tried to wage war against Chambord, Chambord wouldn’t be scared.

“Alright, you’ve spoken enough. Now give me that map!” Fei reached out his hand and smiled, “Sir Elvis, you’re right. It looks like we will have many opportunities to cooperate…… Eh, but before that, give me the map so I can inspect it. What if the map and what you said were all fake?”

“Haha……Cough, cough……Hehehe, young man, do you think I’m an idiot?” The mage coughed up mouthfuls of blood as he spoke with a ridiculing expression on his face. “I’m afraid that as soon as I hand over the map, I’ll be turned into a corpse.”

Fei didn’t get mad at all. He squatted down and tapped the mage’s shoulder and winked as he said: “How could I? Sir Elvis, I’ve already swore an oath to the God of War with my honour as a King; how could I trick you? Plus, to explore the Mythical Ruin at Chambord, I will need powerful mages and warriors to help me. You are exactly what I need. Hahaha, we have a common interest and need each other’s help. Why would I kill you now?”

After hearing Fei’s words, the mage started hesitating.

Throughout the ages, there were two things on Azeroth Continent that people weren’t allowed to tarnish; the first one was the Principles of Knights, and the second on was the Honour of a King, especially the kind of oath that Fei did in honour of the King to the God of War. Originally, Elvis would have believed Fei, but for some reason he felt that the king in front of him was kind of sketchy and slimy and not very dependable.

Fei’s expression turned cold after he saw Elvis’ hesitation.

He ‘humphed’ as he stood up and suddenly switched to Necromancer Mode. A cloud of cold and dark death energy surrounded him. Fei raised his hand and pointed at a location. “Crash!” Something incredible happened; the mage’s eyes opened wide and his eyeballs almost fell out of his head.

In the splashing blood, a vicious skeleton holding a bone shield and bone blade climbed out of a dead mercenary’s corpse. The skeleton made “cracking” sounds every time it moved; it was the sound of bones grinding on each other. With two black holes in its eye sockets and white bones, it looked like the demons from hell.

Necromancer – 【Raise Skeleton】.

“Ah? You……” The mage started trembling as if he was freezing. “You’re……a…….actually an evil undead mage? I……I……I……”

Fei slightly frowned.

He surprisingly sensed a familiar energy from the mage. It was also a dark death energy. Although it was weak and pretty well hidden inside the mage’s body, it couldn’t stay undetected in front of Fei who had the power of a level 6 Necromancer.

“Haha, this is pretty unexpected. Sir Elvis, you actually know undead magic. I won’t say anything more. If you hand over that map peacefully, we can still cooperate friendly and explore the ruins together……. otherwise, you know that to a Necromancer like myself, even if you die, your soul can’t escape from my palms. I have many ways to “refine” and torture your soul. You’ll give me the

map sooner or later, so why would you want to go through all the pain and trouble?”

The white cloud of death energy spun crazily in Fei’s palm. Fei tried to put on an evil and sinister look as he threatened the mage.

Fei honestly felt like he was a super villain in the superhero movies and was torturing a sidekick to get some secret about the superhero. “You don’t have to go through all of this……”. Fortunately, he wasn’t the Joker and the mage wasn’t Robin.

The mage looked at the ferocious skeleton and hesitated a little. He eventually handed over the map to Fei. Although he was tortured quite a bit, he still had enough magic power to open up his own storage ring. Fei’s incentives and threats made the mage dubious, but he ended up making the hard decision. He raised his hand and a folded map made of a mysterious material appeared in his hand. “Young man, this is the map. You have to be a man of your words. Without a four star mage, you won’t ever be able to open and explore the Mythical Ruin. You won’t get anything from killing me.”

Fei grabbed the map and opened it to inspect it.

The map wasn’t small; it was a square map about 3 yards (m) on each side. It was made from an unknown yellow material and felt weightless. The map itself had a weak floating force; Fei shook the map, causing it to completely open itself in the air. Mountains, hills, rivers, lakes, forests…… Numerous terrains were recorded on it. It contained a wide area and many various colored circles and dots marked a lot of areas. The notes on the map were in strange characters. Fei felt like those characters were familiar, but he couldn’t figure out where they were from.

Although it was the first time that Fei had seen this map, his intuition told him that Elvis didn’t give him a fake map to trick him.

Fei waved his hand; “Crack!” the skeleton warrior shattered into a pile of bone fragments. He also switched from Necromancer Mode back to Barbarian Mode. The thick death energy that surrounded him disappeared as if it never appeared.

This change made the mage’s eyes shine in greed.

His wasn’t a talented mage; he followed and studied under the moon ranked master Ferdinand for more than twenty years, yet he was only able to reach the power of a four star mage. He was once mocked by everyone in the Manchester Empire. However, due to his greed for power, he wasn’t able to resist studying undead magic which could advance and give him power quickly. As a result, he was shunned and prohibited by the “Overlord” on the Continent – The Holy Church. Due to the fear of other people finding out about it and sending him into a pit of fire, he hid his undead magic powers in his body carefully and no one had found out about it yet. The main reason that he left Manchester Empire and traveled the Continent was to hide from the higher ups and powerful priests at the Capital of the Empire. Fei’s method of hiding his undead magic power in the body gave him a huge hope. If he could learn the method, he could then train and study undead magic to the limit and wouldn’t have to worry about the priests finding out about it.

After seeing the bones fragments on the ground, Elvis was a little relieved.

It looked like that young man in front of him didn’t have any intention to kill him; he was needed for the exploration of the Ruin. “This is great. After I recover and restore my powers, I’ll pretend to cooperate with this king and slowly take control of Chambord in secret, as well as figure out how he’s hiding his undead magic powers. By that time, I’ll sneak attack and kill him with a surprise……Hehehe, I can monopolize the resources in the Ruins and no one will know.”

“Young man, I have already given you the map, please heal me quickly. I can’t hold any longer……” The four star mage Elvis reminded Fei.

“Ah? Okokok. I’m a man of my words……” Fei folded the map back into a small square and put it into the storage space in his belt. He then took out a bottle of 【Healing Potion】, squatted down and said, “Sir Elvis, it’s my pleasure to cooperate with you. After we join forces, we can keep the Ruins all to ourselves. Hahaha……”

“Haha, young man, you made the right decision.” Elvis was finally relieved. He smiled, but an undetectable viciousness flashed through his eyes.

“Unfortunately, you made a not-so-right decision……” Fei’s expression suddenly turned cold and his hands instantly grabbed the mage by his neck. With some force, “Crack!” Elvis’ upper spinal cord and throat were cracked into pieces.

“You……”

The sign of life slowly disappeared from Elvis’ eyes. His was stunned up until his death and the smile on his face still hadn’t faded away. Never in his wildest dreams would he have understood why the young king in front of him dared to kill him. He knew that the king needed a powerful mage to open and explore a Mythical Ruin. How and where could the little Chambord Kingdom recruit a suitable mage?

Of course, if he knew that Fei had the confidence and ability to advance to a four star mage in the Diablo World, he wouldn’t have given up that map so easily. Also, Fei didn’t swear to God of War under the name and soul of Alexander, but how could Elvis had known that the real Alexander and his soul was already gone.

“With a snake like you, how could I attempt such an impossible cooperation?” Fei shook his head and whispered.

This mage named Elvis had devastating power and had a strong background. Also, with his vicious mind, Fei didn’t dare heal him back to full health. If he became careless for a moment, he would lose the whole game and get bitten by the poisonous snake. By that time, the fall of the kingdom and the slaughtering of civilians would occur in seconds. The story of the farmer and the snake was told by Aesop thousands of years ago. Fei wasn’t dumb enough to use his warm body to save a vicious poisonous snake.



Chapter 73.2 – Means of a King (2)

The secret about the Mythical Ruins, the history of Chambord and the death of the Prince Mateja-Kezman of Eindhoven Empire would be forever buried in this Iron Prison – Water Dungeon. No one would know except for Fei. No one could blame Fei’s ruthlessness. On Azeroth Continent which followed the “rule of the jungle”, Fei couldn’t allow himself to be negligent, not even once.

“We maybe similar, but luck just wasn’t on your side.”

Fei took out a bottle of 【Mana Potion】 and sipped some down his throat. He had to replenish the mana that was depleted when he used 【Find Potion】. Then, he pressed his palm on Mage Elvis’ corpse and lightly roared and used the ability 【Find Potion】again.

“Plump!”

A sound from heaven rung in Fei’s ear.

“Yes!”

Fei was stoked. Another bottle of green 【Hulk Potion】 appeared in mid-air; it shined a mysterious light. The weak newborn-like spirit energy surrounded the bottle and gave Fei a feeling of intimacy.

Fei put this precious bottle of 【Hulk Potion】 back in his storage space in the belt and thought for a second. He switched to Sorcerer Mode and shot a few 【Fire Bolts】 onto the corpse lying on the ground and the bone fragments left by the skeleton warrior. The remains burned into ashes, destroying the last bit of evidence.

After the corpses were burnt, Fei’s eyes landed on the magic armour and a few magic weapons and devices that belonged to the silver masked knight. Except for that, in the ashes, Elvis’ storage ring wasn’t destroyed by the fire; it was still shiny, giving Fei an unspeakable temptation.

Fei knew that with Elvis’ power and background, there must’ve been a lot of treasures and valuables in his storage ring. Moreover, the silver masked knight was royalty from a level 4 Empire, so his amour and items had to be valuable. If he rewarded them to the leaders in Chambord, the strength of Chambord would increase. Even if he didn’t distribute them to the others and sold them off on the black market, he could get a lot of useful resources in return.

“But……. it’s too dangerous.”

Elvis and the prince had a ton of status. Their items would attract a lot of attention. If someone found out about them and traced their origins back to Chambord, many incidents would be instantly exposed. Neither Fei nor Chambord would be able to bear this level of risk and danger. Fei had to take out any kind of dangers right off the bat and do all he could do to give more time for Chambord to grow stronger. Fei wasn’t powerful enough to take on the Level 4 Eindhoven Empire.

Fei felt his heart breaking.

But finally, he made up his mind and shot out a ton of 【Fire Bolts】 at the ring, armour and items. He burned them in the fire and tried to destroy these valuable items into a pile of junk to eliminate any possibilities.

However –

“Eh? Not afraid of fire?”

Fei surprisingly found out that although the fire covered and buried the ring, armour and items in it, after a few minutes had passed, there were no signs of them melting or being destroyed. The blue magic power was still surrounding the armour, and the ring was still shining a white light. No matter how the fire burned, they were still maintained their form.

“Looks like treasures are truly treasures, but what should I do? These things will be the causes of disasters……” Fei tried 【Ice Bolts】 and 【Charged Bolts】; he even switched back to Necromancer Mode and tried to destroy the items using his death energy, but it was no use. He also wanted to try to crush them into small pieces, but after thinking about the different situations that might occur if the magic items were shattered into pieces and the magic power in them were released, he didn’t want to do that anymore. After a while, he ended up putting all of them into his storage belt and decided to destroy them later when he became more powerful.

At this time, there were only a few iron chains left in the concealed room. Fei calculated the time and realized that he had stayed at the Iron Prison – Water Dungeon for more than three hours. It was probably dark outside already; it was time to leave.

But before he left, there was one more thing that he had to do – test Warden Oleg.

“Oleg, come on in!” Fei shouted.

Warden Oleg rushed in a couple of steps. As soon as he arrived, he surprisingly found out that all the prisoners had disappeared. What was left were three sets of iron chains and five piles of black ashes. He knew that the three mercenaries and the mage were all killed, and their corpses were burnt alongside the silver masked man’s corpse. He suddenly felt devastated and was even more scared of the young king’s ruthless heart. He didn’t even dare to take a long breath as he stood behind Fei timidly.

“Oleg, tell me, when you rushed in earlier, what did you see?” Fei asked causally.

But Oleg on the other hand was shocked by the question and started to sweat like crazy. He thought that Fei wanted to kill him, so he kneeled down and begged, “Your Majesty, please forgive me. I beg for your mercy! I didn’t see anything. I only……only saw Your Majesty studying the carvings and lines on the stone wall…… Please pardon me!”

Fei looked at Oleg who was shaking as if he was having a seizure and smiled. “Get up, when did I say that I was going to kill you?”

“Thank you, Your Majesty!” Oleg didn’t dare resist Fei’s command. He stood up as his body shook in fear.

“His highness – the God of War created a miracle and restored my intelligence four days ago. In these four days, too many situations occurred. I’ve gained a rough understanding of the situation in Chambord the past three years. The evil conspirator Bazzer abused his power and threw the kingdom into chaos and persecuted my citizens. The former Military Judge Conca also assisted him in his conspiracies. Bazzer fled and is now getting chased, and the latter was executed by me. You, Oleg, helped Bazzer in executing a few of his evil plans in the past three years. Even if you die a thousand times, it’s not enough to quell the public anger……”

Oleg started shivering more and more as he heard Fei’s words. As if he was walking on a tightrope between skyscrapers, he felt his heart was about to burst out of his chest while his body was being kept in a freezer. As he heard the last sentence, he kneeled down to the ground and started to beg for mercy again.

Fei looked at him and continued, “ I’m not a brutal killer. You followed me to the stone bridge that day to battle our enemies; you killed forty-five enemies and injured yourself while saving four of your companions’ lives. All of these things were clearly observed by me. That counts as you redeeming yourself, so I didn’t punish you for what you did before…… Merits shall be rewarded and wrongs shall be punished. This is my governing principle of the kingdom. Your companions such as Brook, Pierce, Drogba have all received great rewards, and you were the only one who remained at the same position without obtaining any rewards. Have you ever complained about it?”

“Your Majesty, Oleg wouldn’t dare do so……I understood that Your Majesty was pardoning me on purpose, so you sent Mr. Brook to the Prison this morning to give me a heads up and allow me some time to prepare and get rid of all the bad things in the prison to make up for all the mistakes I’ve committed. Your Majesty is gracious and I’m very grateful of it. I’m willing to give up everything I have to assist Your Majesty, even if I have to bleed to death!”

“Eh, as long as you understand.” Fei said lightly, “Right now in Chambord, Brook is intelligent, but due to his integrity, he lacks the necessary roundness. People such as Pierce and Drogba are all great warriors on the battlefield, but their heads aren’t that good. Uncle Lampard hates political affairs and Uncle Bast is tied down by other duties. Chambord is only lacking someone like you who is shameless, slimy, deceitful that can do the dirty work for me. I have the intention to use and depend on you, but……”

Fei paused deliberately for a few seconds here.

Oleg knew that Fei wanted. He patted his chest and swore, “To the God of War, I, Oleg am willing to become the most loyal hyena of His Majesty Alexander. I shall be on the front line wherever he points. If my words and deeds don’t match, I shall go to hell when I die and face torture for an eternity.”

“I’m not a huge believer in oaths……” Fei continued, “I emphasize practical actions. There are a few things that I need you to do for me as soon as you can. I will wait for your performance.”

“Please order me, Your Majesty. I will do my best!”



* * *





Chapter 74




Chapter 74: The Right to Chase Dreams

“Eh, first of all, I feel that this Iron Prison – Water Dungeon is very dark and humid. There isn’t any sunlight in here all day; the entire environment is horrible. I also read in the documents that many weak prisoners died in the prison due to illnesses that weren’t treated in time. This proves that this place isn’t too suitable for keeping prisoners, especially since the citizens of Chambord are simple folks. Even if they commit a crime, they are likely only minor offenses. Disputes between neighbours and minor offenses shouldn’t be treated this way. Therefore, I have decided construct a simple prison outside of this underground maze to keep all the minor offenders. Oleg, take care of that for me as fast as you can.”

Oleg was surprised.

He didn’t expect that the first thing the King wanted him to do was this. Logically speaking, this Iron Prison – Water Dungeon was 100% secure. No one had escaped from here in centuries; it was the perfect prison. However……Oleg didn’t dare to object and question any of the king’s decisions. He quickly flattered the king to show his loyalty, “Your Majesty is kind and very compassionate towards your subjects. Please be assured that I will build this external prison in the shortest amount of time.”

Fei nodded and added worriedly, “Eh, great. But you have to remember, don’t disturb the public and don’t forcefully recruit citizens into compulsory labour……Hmm, the tattered Healing Facility for wounded soldiers is unbearable to look at. How about you just bring some people and fix that place up; transform it into a simple prison. The Kingdom currently has limited financial resources, so just do some simple repairs to it.”

Oleg knew it was an opportunity for him. He immediately took it upon himself, “Your Majesty, Oleg will bear all the costs associated with repairing and transforming the new prison. The Kingdom doesn’t have to spend a penny.”

Fei was waiting for Oleg to say that.

He smiled as he tapped Oleg’s shoulder and agreed, “Eh, I’m very pleased by your loyalty. Remember, my governing principle distinguishes between reward and punishment. If your merits and sacrifices are valuable and recognized by all the citizens, I won’t let you suffer any loss.”

After he said that, Fei smiled as he walked toward the exit of the water dungeon.

Oleg was excited when he heard those words of encouragement.

Even his shoulders that were tapped by the King’s hand felt warm. He knew that transforming the prison was a great opportunity for him. He made a decision that he would do a good job of completing the operation, even if it took all his wealth. Moreover, the King had clearly hinted that he didn’t just need to satisfy him, but also the citizens as well…… This kind of hint gave him more confidence.

……

……

After leaving the dark and gloomy prison, Fei sent away the guards and slowly walked towards the city centre on his own through the path on the mountain as he enjoyed the beauty of his kingdom under the sunset.

He accomplished a few things today: revamping the Iron Prison – Water Dungeon and surprisingly discovering and acquiring the precious Map of the Mythical Ruins. Fei was hyped; under the beautiful scenery and sounds of nature, he had the urge to roar into the sky.

Under the sunset, everything seemed golden. It was supper time, and smoke from cooking curled up across the residences. Birds returned to their nests and leaves returned to their roots.

Fei was walking leisurely in the castle; he was in no rush to get back.

He wanted to observe the daily lives of his citizens close up. Every scene was new and fresh to Fei who just gotten to this world. It was as if he walked into a fantasy world; the stone structures and building, huge stone statues of Gods, exotic culture, and everything around him were things that he had never seen before. Beside opening his eyes, he had a strange feeling that he was merging into this world.

This castle was quiet and peaceful, as if it was in heaven.

Fei’s “fame” in the kingdom was unparalleled; there wasn’t a single person that didn’t recognize him. When he was walking on the street, people came up and greeted him frequently. Although there was a huge status separation on Azeroth Continent, it wasn’t like ancient times on Earth where subjects had to kneel down to the empire every time they saw him. That saved Fei a lot of trouble. He smiled and responded back to them as he walked in the castle and enjoyed the exotic sceneries. He was surprised to find that he was slowly getting attaching to this small remote kingdom and becoming a part of it. The feeling of inseparability grew in his heart crazily like grass after a heavy rain.

“Hey, you sly Zacker, stop running!”

Children’s laughter sounded beside Fei’s ear. A clumsy boy rushed out of a dark alley and crashed into Fei by accident. The little guy opened his crystal blue diamond-like eyes widely and stared at Fei. A bunch of kids were chasing behind him, a mix of boys and girls. They were dirty; they all had dust on their little faces and wrinkled clothes. They smiled as they saw Fei.

Fei was surprised to see Pierce’s 12-year-old daughter Louise in the crowd. The girl who looked like a pretty and delicate doll was currently messy. Her red hair was scattered around her shoulders, and a few dark mud stains “decorated” her white face. It was hard for Fei to relate her to the girl who was cold and mature and willing to become his lover if he saved her father. She was a child after all; she would show her childish and playful side when she was playing with kids in her age group.

“It’s King Alexander……”

The moment that Fei recognized Louise, she had also recognized Fei as well. An undetectable shyness and slyness flashed on her face. She and her friends quickly surrounded Fei.

Soon, the citizens of Chambord discovered something very interesting.

As if they found a new favourite toy, more and more mischievous kids formed a circle on the small square. They sat quietly on the ground as they rested their heads on their knees and burst into laughter occasionally. In the middle of the circle, it was their supreme King Alexander who was telling stories to the kids. He had a bright smile on his face; just like the traveling poets and storytellers, he held kids in his lap and arms and told them stories and tales, disregarding the dirt on their clothes.

“God of War, thank you for your generosity for giving us such an brave and honourable king.”

Everyone who saw the scene felt something growing in their hearts. Originally, some women were looking for their kids for supper angrily with a broom in their hands. However, after seeing their kids listening to King Alexander’s stories, they were surprised and delighted. They all stood on the side and waited patiently.

……

In the middle of the circle.

“Haha, alright. That’s enough for today. There are more stories to the adventure of the Evil Master Mage Bumblebee and his lazy servant Sam. If you guys want, I will tell you guys more tomorrow. It’s dark already, quickly go home and eat your supper!” Fei rubbed the dirty face off a little guy who was sitting beside him. He then stood up and slapped the dirt off of his butt and smiled as he ended the storytelling session for today.

“Oh……I don’t want to go home. It’s so boring.” The kids murmured as they complained.

The little guys wanted more. They all stared at Fei as they were reluctant to leave Fei. It made Fei feel very proud, as if he had won a war. He laughed, ” You guys are still young. When you grow up, you can become prestige mages and honourable warriors. Just like Bumblebee, you guys will have experiences and adventures with your servants……”

“But we can’t become mages and warriors…… Your Majesty, my dad only knows how to work with metal. I can only become a blacksmith.” A boy said in pity.

“Yeah, no mage would want to teach kids from an ordinary family, and we don’t have energy training scrolls……” Another boy said in wrinkly clothes. “My family is too poor. We can’t even have full meals. My dad said that he will send me to Viscount Lousie’s mansion to become a servant……”

“Only nobles and rich merchants in Chambord can afford getting a Mage or warrior teacher for their kids……” The red haired Louise added as she winked her eyes. “Only if someone is willing to teach us…… it’s too bad, but my lazy dad doesn’t know anything about energy, humph!”

The kids were all suddenly disappointed. The smiles disappeared from the little dirty faces and they were replaced by sadness that didn’t belong to kids of their age. They all wanted to become heroes, but the cruel reality murdered their dreams at the infant stage. The low social status and pressure for survival took away their right to chase after their dreams.

After seeing the sad and disappointed faces, Fei felt his heart ache.

Suddenly, a lightbulb flashed in his head and he had a terrific idea.

……

After he returned to the palace, the servants had already prepared the dinner. Angela and Emma were no where to be found; Fei felt a bit strange. The royal “chefs” skills were not that good; for the last couple days, except for roasted meat, bread and milk, there were only fruits. Fei was already over them, but he had to get some food into his stomach. After eating a few bites, he walked to his private quarters in the palace. He wanted some peace and quiet so he could think through the couple of important plans he wanted to execute.

At this time, Angela finally returned with Emma.

“Where did you guys go? I haven’t seen you guys all day.” Fei smiled.

“Hehehe, Your Majesty, did you miss Angela?”

Emma winked at Fei as she pushed Angela into Fei’s arms. She giggled, “it was quite a coincidence. We bumped into Princess Tanasha in the Royal Canonization Legion and chatted with her for a long time…… Your Majesty, her highness is very friendly. She didn’t talk to us with any air of superiority. She had a good conversation with Angela……Hehe, she also asked a lot of things about Your Majesty.”

Last Chapter



* * *





Chapter 75




Chapter 75: The Time Has Come

After hearing Emma’s words, Fei sensed something.

How could it have been so coincidental that the Eldest Princess bumped into Angela on the street and had such a heart to heart conversation that took the whole day? That princess of Zenit Empire was very cunning. Angela and Emma were both too naive to be Tanasha’s match. Fei was almost certain that the princess intentionally “met” them to steal a lot of information calmly and collectedly.

Although he knew what was going on, Fei put on a smile, “Really? Hahaha, who doesn’t love a girl like Angela? It looks like the eldest princess of the Zenit Empire was charmed by our beautiful Angela, hahaha…… Oh right, Angela, what did you talk about with her highness the whole day?”

“We talked about a lot of stuff……” Angela blushed due to Fei’s bold praise, and a shy expression appeared on her face. She pretended to fix her hair calmly, but she looked down and was too shy to look at Fei. She continued, “Her highness was very interested in Chambord’s history. We talked about a lot of old stories from when the old king was still alive, the current influential figures in Chambord, eh, and of course the Defensive War that just ended…… Alexander, her highness really admires your actions when you took on the entire enemy troops by yourself. She said that you’re a brave and intelligent king that is worth of all our respect.”

Fei could only bitterly laugh at that in his mind.

The two naive girls completely fell into that elder princess’ trap. After today, Tanasha probably knew all the things that she should and shouldn’t have known; including all the mysterious, bizarre incidences that happened to Alexander in the last couple days.

“We also talked about……Ah?” As Angela was speaking, she suddenly gasped. This pure, flawless girl finally realized something; she raised her head and looked at Fei and asked timidly, “Al……Alexander, did I say something that I shouldn’t have said?”

Fei smiled as he shook his head, “No, the things you said aren’t important……Oh, Angela, let’s not talk about that now. I have something to show you. You should give me some recommendations.” Fei grabbed Angela’s soft hand and walked towards the main palace. Angela pretended to try to pull her hand away, but after a few “unsuccessful tries”, she “gave up” and let Fei hold onto her hand. Emma who was behind them saw the whole thing and started giggling……

Emma didn’t follow them.

Fei didn’t want Angela to know what really happened. Even if Angela didn’t talk with Tanasha, she would definitely find about what happened in Chambord through other means. He never expected to hide everything from Tanasha.

They soon arrived at the main palace.

Fei took out a delicately tanned soft animal skin that was as thin as paper. He also took out a quill and started to draw on it. Although he was studying to be a linguist, he loved making sketches and was quite good at it. Quickly, a series of vivid drawings appeared on the animal skin.

Angela stood on the side and watched quietly, from confusion to a rough understanding, to staring at Fei in surprise. The smart girl finally knew what Fei was drawing on the animal skin when he was almost finished – They were a series of designs of strange looking clothes.

“Hehe, done!…… What do you think?” Angela, take a look. If we make clothes according to these designs, would you want to wear them?” Fei pointed at the animal skin and asked proudly.

The designs that he drew out were thoughtfully selected. After taking into account the history and culture on Azeroth Continent, he didn’t draw any outrageous outfits such as jeans, stockings, and mini-skirts. There were a total of 10 designs. The five female designs closely resembled European Crinolines; Fei intentionally referenced the females dressed in Pirates of Caribbean and tried to make each design very classy. The five male designs were closer to modern day men’s clothing. The main change was that Fei add on trousers – Chambord’s custom of men not wearing any pants was very uncomfortable, so Fei added pants into the designs.

Angela held the animal skin in her hands and stared at the designs. Her long eyelashes fluttered as if they were lightly brushing and tickling Fei’s heart…… She looked at them closely and opened her pretty mouth in surprise, “Alexander, these dresses are so beautiful, I like them a lot….. But, what are these things for?” Angela pointed at a few parts on the designs and asked curiously.

Fei took a look at those parts and patiently explained the function of each piece. A few dresses in Pirates of Caribbean were pretty sophisticated and complicated to make. Fei greatly simplified them using his understanding, but Angela still took the trouble to ask several times…… Fortunately, women were born with a great instinct on clothing. At last, after some in-depth explanations, Angela had completely fallen in love with these 5 sets of female clothing designs.

“I can’t wait to put these on!” the beautiful girl said.

Fei laughed.

It seemed like human’s pursuit for beauty was common, no matter where one was. The 10 designs represented an era and civilization, and they quickly conquered the future queen. This gave him a bit more confidence on one of his future plans.

“Angela, I might be very busy the next few days. Could you and Emma help me make these sets of clothes and see how the results are?” Fei asked.

“No problem. Aunt Sophia, Laura, Danny, Uncle Lawrence and I are very close. They are the best tailors in Chambord. We can definitely make these clothes in the shortest amount of time.” Angela was very happy that she was finally able to help Alexander out. She agreed without any hesitation.

“Haha, that’s great.” Fei was stoked. He rolled his eyes and suddenly said again, “Angela, to thank you, I decided to design a special gift for you.”

After he said that, he picked out the quill again and started drawing on another sheet of animal skin.

Angela was overjoyed. She couldn’t wait to see what Fei had specially designed for her. However, until Fei finished, she had no idea what was being drawn on the animal skin. There were three thin ribbons connecting two circular cloths together. Although it looked familiar, the naive girl couldn’t figure out what it was for. “Is this also clothing? How do I wear this thing? Where do I wear it?”

After seeing the puzzled look on Angela’s face, Fei whispered into the girl’s ear to explain…….

“Ah…….It’s……”

Two red clouds suddenly appeared on Angela’s fine white face. She stared at Fei “angrily”; her bashful expression suddenly took away the color in the whole world. The girl covered her face and ran out of the main palace.

……

……

In the next few days, a couple strange incidences occurred in Chambord.

The first thing was that the greedy and vicious Warden Oleg dramatically changed his attitude. He unexpectedly spent his own money and fixed up the old crumbling Healing Facility for the wounded soldiers. He also started renovating the place. According to his words, he was following the king’s command and building a new prison to keep prisoner who committed minor crimes.

It was a great feeling.

The citizens of Chambord could finally get away from that terrible hell-like Iron Prison – Water Dungeon. Before, a few citizens who only got locked up for a few months because of disputes and fights between neighbours died in the prison due to illnesses caused by the humid and cold environment. The new prison would definitely solve that problem. After considering it, a lot of citizens volunteered in the operation of building the new prison. Oleg was surprised and stoked at the same time. With more manpower, the duration of the project could shorten by a ton.

The second thing was that every night, the brave and honourable King Alexander would appear on the stone square on the north side of Castle and tell stories to the kids in the kingdom. Quickly, the story of the Evil Mage Bumblebee and his servant Sam, the Holy Druid Garfield and his summoner beast friends traveling to the west and slaying the dragon, the pure snow and the seven dwarf warriors who help defeat the female Lich King and free her kingdom, started to spread in Chambord through the kids. Gradually, except for the kids, even adults started to come to the square and listen to the king’s stories.

After a few days, the people surprisingly saw King Alexander wearing a set of strange looking clothes that no one had seen before. Although the clothes looked strange, the citizens of Chambord quickly got use to it. After seeing it for a while, the citizens gradually felt that the clothes worn by King Alexander were great. The two “cloth tubes” looked especially good and kept in a lot of warmth.

Finally, on the eighth day, Fei arrived on the square and brought a whole carriage of those special clothes. As a present, he gave them to the kids and the poor families. It was approaching late autumn and the weather was getting colder and colder. These clothes could help the poorer citizens stay warm.

Of course, Fei also wanted these clothes to become popular in Chambord through this method – his lowest goal was to at least let the citizens start to like to wear pants.

The third thing was that at the tenth day’s evening after Fei finished his story session, he announced a new law as the king – All the kids between the age of 6 to 15 had to take out one hour everyday to receive all kinds of training from the Chambord Civil and Military Acadamy. It was also recorded into the Kingdom’s Law Book, so it had to be complied with, and no parents could stop it or else it would be considered illegal.

The so called Chambord Civil and Military Academy was established in the mansion of the former Head Minister Bazzer. After some simple restructuring, the environment and the condition were very good. What made everyone go crazy in Chambord was that the teachers in the Academy included people such as the number one warrior Frank-Lampard and the new military Guru Brook. King Alexander even personally took on the role of Principal at the Academy……

After hearing of the teachers and instructors at the Academy, everyone scrambled to put their children into the Chambord Civil and Military Academy.

Some poor families were still worrying about the high cost, but after hearing that the Academy didn’t charge any fees, all their fears vanished. On Azeroth Continent where people followed the rule of the jungle, there wasn’t a single parent that didn’t want their kids to become strong warriors or powerful mages. These dreams were unreachable for them, but after hearing King Alexander’s command, their unreachable dreams were getting closer to them than they ever imagined; they could even smell it. They all knew that the word “gift” was more fitting than the word “command”; it was the generous gift from the kind King Alexander. Letting their kids get instructed by the strong star ranked warriors was an opportunity for their kids to change their own destinies and lives.

Great and Merciful King Alexander.

Chambord had never been so busy and cheerful these past couple of days. The young King Alexander continued to bring his subjects one unexpected surprise after another. The citizens had gotten used to wearing the good looking and comfortable trousers when they chatted and drank. When they proudly talked about their son or daughter getting praised by Mr. Lampard, they were always tempted to shout “Long live the King!”, as they hit their wine glasses together, sending their young king the best wishes with stunning sounds.

……

Of course, Fei didn’t relax either these couple of days.

Except for taking care of trifling matters, he spent a ton of time in the Royal Library. He read almost all the books and his understanding of Azeroth Continent grew exponentially. At the same time, Fei didn’t give up on studying the various skills from the Diablo World. His Barbarian was already level 20. the Sorceress was level 10, his Paladin was level 12 and his Necromancer Character was level 12……

He also had accumulated about a dozen bottles of 【Hulk Potion】. Through these days of research and experimentation, Fei almost fully understood the effects this “mutated potion”. He felt it was time to use this potion to enhance the strength of the leaders in Chambord.

Last Chapter



* * *





Chapter 76




Chapter 76

Chapter 76.1: There’s one more bottle (1)

Since more than ten days ago, the little second commander of the King’s Guards was promoted by the young King Alexander to the number one seat in Chambord’s Military. Brook now had control over all the military power in Chambord and was called one of the [Two Gurus] in Chambord along with the new Head Minister Bast. One star warrior Brook’s future skyrocketed and became one of the most influential figures in Chambord, above everyone else except for one person. Even the richest merchants who didn’t even bother to acknowledge him before would now put on a big smile on their faces, invite Brook to their parties frequently, and send him gifts and cute maids. People visited his place from morning till night everyday. The hinges on his door were almost worn out because of it.

If it was anyone else, this huge change in status would probably make them dizzy and get them carried away. However, this warrior born in a poor family had finally shown his integrity, boldness and flexibility. To anyone who was trying to network and befriend him purposely, his principle was quiet surprising – he would neither accept or coldly reject them. He would mildly satisfy everyone that came to his door.

He used painstaking effort in order to achieve this – Chambord was currently greatly weakened after the war and needed to recover. Moreover, in half a year Chambord would have to take on another life and death challenge in Zenit’s Military Practice. King Alexander said that the goal in front of them was to unite all the powers and strength they could and build up Chambord quickly with the least amount of resources. Therefore, Brook didn’t want to stimulate any hidden conflicts between the young king and the old school nobles. He had to at least maintain a superficial friendliness.

Except for burying his head into rectifying military affairs, Brook spent a lot of his time on reforming the military planning. It was his main objective for the next thirty days. King Alexander had mentioned a few requirements and also vaguely expressed some stunning ideas. Brook carefully studied and thought about these ideas; the more he thought about it, the more excited he got. There were many things that he never considered. He was even confused and didn’t understand when the king mentioned them for the first time. But slowly, he felt that those ideas and plans were impeccable. After tailoring those ideas to fit them into Chambord’s current situation, Chambord would experience an enormous change for the better.

Of course, as the power in his hands grew heavier and heavier, Brook also felt huge unprecedented pressure.

After King Alexander returned to normal, his strength and long-term vision both increased at an astonishing rate. Recently, during a chat in their free time at Chambord’s Civil and Military Academy, the number one warrior Lampard actually implicitly admitted that the King’s strength had increase to a level that he couldn’t even estimate. He probably couldn’t even defeat Alexander.

That left people such as Brook and Pierce a ton of pressure.

They knew that if they wanted to follow the king and battle and bleed for Chambord, they had to improve their strength; that was essential. If they couldn’t keep up with their majestic king, they would be gradually left behind and eventually become useless men.

During this time, the strongmen such as Pierce and Drogba “got” a set of strange training methods from the King and started to excessively train themselves everyday. Brook on the other hand was busy with military affairs and had limited time to train. He gradually felt that he was falling more and more behind and there was nothing that he could do.

When he was struggling one day, Fei sent his guard Fernando-Torres to Brook along with a k

ing’s command – “Mr. Brook, His Majesty has asked you to head to his palace right away. There is something very important that His Majesty wants to talk to you about.”

Brook was lost; he didn’t remember Fei previously telling him that he wanted to discuss an important matter today. He followed Torres to the main palace.

After he stepped into the palace, he was surprised to find out that the First Commander of King’s Guards Peter-Cech was sitting down on a chair and having a conversation with King Alexander. Except for the two of them, no one else was in the palace.

“Haha Brook, you got here just in time. I have something very important for you two to see.”

After seeing Brook’s arrival, Fei laughed as he walked down from his throne that was surrounded by two lion-like monster statues. He tapped Brook’s shoulder and suddenly opened up his palm. Cech and Brook both felt something flash in front of their eyes as a small green bottle appeared in Fei’s palm. A green liquid was stored in the elongated crystal bottle……It had a light touch of magic power.

“This is……” Both Cech and Brook were surprised.

“Hehe, this is a violent energy potion that I recently put together……” Fei explained with his nonsense. He spoke proudly, “But I prefer calling it 【Hulk Potion】. Hehehe, this is a very magical potion…….” Fei paused a little bit to create more suspense.

“【Hulk Potion】? That name is very strange……” Brook could feel the light magic power hiding within the potion. He subconsciously asked, “Your Majesty, what’s the special effect of this potion?”

“Of course, Hehehehe, it has the effect of instantly increasing one’s strength by a few times……” Fei wanted to show off. “It sounds like the [Mad Potion] that magic pharmacists put together, but the difference between the 【Hulk Potion】 and those low class [Mad Potions] is that the strength enhancing effect is permanent!”

“Permanent improvement?” Cech and Brook were both flabbergasted. They stared at the potion in Fei’s hand and gasped involuntarily, “How is that possible? Could this be one of the epic potions from the legends?”

Under the mage classifications on Azeroth Continent, there was a branch of magic pharmacists. These magic pharmacists could create a lot of strange potions. The potions all had different effects, and due to the differences in effects and materials required for each potion, there were many ranks from low to high. The epic potions from legends were one of the highly ranked potions. They all had incredible effects and there were a few recorded epic potions that could permanently enhance one’s strength……

But those were all items from the legends. Epic potions could only be created by epic leveled magic pharmacists, they also need a lot of rare and precious raw materials. These raw materials would even be considered rare by the level 8 and 9 super powerful Empires on the continent. Fei casually took out a potion that he claimed to have the same effect as epic potions, so Cech and Brook naturally had a hard time believing their eyes and ears.

“Ah? Epic Potion? How is that possible, I don’t have any of those precious raw materials to make such a potion……” Fei read a ton of books in the Royal Library, so he knew what the epic potions that the two were talking about was. He rolled his eyes and rejected that idea while smiling, “Hehe, although the 【Hulk Potion】 has such a powerful effect, it has a terrifying side effect…… that’s why I hesitated for a long time before telling you guys about it. If you guys can endure through the side effect, the real effect would definitely be satisfying. The potion is here, if you wish, you guys can decide among yourselves who wants to give it a try.”

“Terrifying side effect?”

Brook and Cech looked at each other in unison. The shock in their eyes quieted down a bit. They believed this explanation a lot more. If the potion didn’t have any side effects and could enhance one’s strength permanently and flawlessly, then this 【Hulk Potion】 would definitely be ranked as one of the epic potions; it would be too precious.

Brook hesitated for a few seconds, and suddenly raised his head and said, “Let me try it out!”

The date of Zenit’s Imperial Military Practice was getting closer and closer. There was nowhere that Chambord could back off to. If Chambord lost in this event, their kingdom would be gone. Even though Chambord had two trump cards – Lampard and King Alexander, the military practice was based on the total score for the ten matches. There was no way that the Kingdom could depend on just the two of them. If Chambord wanted an overall win, other people’s strength had to improve as well. Time was tight, and to Gordon-Brook who was single-mindedly focusing on increasing his strength and fighting alongside the king, the potion in front of him might’ve been dangerous, but perhaps it could be his last and only opportunity.

Brook made up his mind and reached out for the bottle of green potion.



Chapter 76.2: There’s one more bottle (2)

However –

“Whoosh!”

Peter-Cech who was standing quietly beside Brook suddenly moved first and grabbed the 【Hulk Potion】before Brook did. He pulled open the lid on the bottle and chugged down the entire bottle.

“You……”

Brook panicked.

Cech was only pardoned more than ten days ago by the King and barely got out of Iron Prison – Water Dungeon alive. He got ill from the moist and dark environment and the torture in the prison, so his body was very weak. His two energy swirls that represented his two star warrior strength and status was torn and ruined by the former Head Minister Bazzer’s vicious methods. All of his two star energy had mostly disappeared and his strength dropped significantly. Although he could get it back and return to being a two star warrior, it would take a long period of time. Cech’s body was at its weakest stage; by taking this 【Hulk Potion】 which had a terrifying side effect, if he wasn’t able to endure through it, his life might even be on the line……

He knew that Cech didn’t want him to take the risk which was why he took the potion first.

At this point, Brook was very nervous. However, there was nothing that he could do. He could only stare at Cech closely; he didn’t even dare to blink his eyes, because he was afraid that he might miss some signs of dangers.

Fei on the other side was secretly laughing to himself shamelessly.

After a few seconds, the side effects that Brook was worrying about appeared –

At first, a bright green light suddenly appeared on Cech’s forehead between his eyebrows. It gave off an indescribable magic power. Then, it gradually began to spread downwards in a cloudy fashion. The green light became more and more dense, and soon Cech’s head was dyed in green, and even his hair became green as well. It seemed very strange.

As the same time, drops of sweat the size of beans started dripping down his green forehead. The muscles on his face also started twitching unconsciously. Clearly, he was under unimaginable pain.

Brook was shocked.

He turned his head and looked at Fei, and found that he didn’t panic at all. Instead, he had a faint smile on his face. This calmed Brook down a little bit; he held back his worries and concerns and continued observing Cech’s state.

That green light was getting thicker and thicker and started spreading onto Cech’s whole body. Starting from his head, it quickly covered his neck, chest, waist, arms, hands and legs……After more than tens of seconds, the First Commander of the King’s Guard Peter-Cech had become a green person. Even his arm hair was glittering green like a jade. This condition was no different than getting poisoned by exotic toxins. What worried Brook more was that he could clearly see that it was as if there was something alive that was drilling and surging underneath Cech’s skin. It created many bulges that continued rushing around in Cech’s body. The blue veins bulged and sweat dripped down like rain……This process was obviously extremely painful.

“No wonder why it’s called [Hulk Potion], Cech is getting bigger and bigger.” Brook thought.

Fei had a chill when he saw that.

Fei tried the potion on himself when he was doing the experiments, and the pain of the body enhancement was unbearable; it was like having tens of thousands of ants crawling through his body and devouring every bit of his muscle, having someone cut the flesh off of him piece by piece and deep frying his entire body……even though Fei was tough, he didn’t want to experience this hellish pain ever again. This was especially true since the [Hulk Potion] wasn’t effective on Fei.

After half a minute, the painful expression on Cech’s face toned down a bit, and the dense green light dimmed down. Suddenly, a powerful sensation came off of Cech’s body. Brook was very familiar with this sensation. He often felt this sensation from King Alexander. It was the sensation of a breathtaking and dragon-like pure physical strength. What surprised him even more was that this sensation was getting stronger and stronger. This meant that the strength in Cech’s body was increasing very quickly.

After another minute, the greenness on Cech was almost negligible, and the sensation finally stopped growing stronger.

“Huh-”

Cech exhaled heavily and finally opened his eyes.

He observed his body and felt the long-lost strength. This strength was even more powerful than his former strength at his peak. He was so excited that tears filled his eyes. Before when his energy swirls were destroyed by Bazzer, he felt hopeless and thought that he was going to become a useless man, but now the light of hope shined through the dark clouds. He instantly turned around and kneeled down before Fei and said with an uncontrollable excitement on his face, ” Thank you, Your Majesty! I have recovered……I can feel the monstrous strength in my body, and the energy channels in my body have widened by a few times. I can restore my two star warrior’s energy at my peak state in less than half a year……”

Cech was so excited that his sentence structures weren’t making any sense.

After some rough observations, Cech had completely understood the effect of the [Hulk Potion]. Although his energy swirls didn’t come back, his physical strength and his body’s firmness had reached an unimaginable level. He could fight a two star warrior with pure physical strength. The effect didn’t just stop there. What made him more excited was that the channels that the energy flowed through in his body was widened by a few times. This meant that when he started training his energy, his improvement speed would be faster than other ordinary warrior by a few times…… The actual effect of the little [Hulk Potion] was far superior than the epic potions in the legends.

Fei said calmly with a serious face, ” Peter, don’t be so overjoyed. [Hulk Potion]’s terrifying side-effect hasn’t completely passed yet.”

“Ah?” Cech and Brook who were finally relieved were surprised again when they heard that. “What other side effects are there?”

“It’s this green light. See? The greenness on your body hasn’t fully disappeared yet. According to my calculations, it needs three to five days to completely go away.”

Cech asked with a strange face, “Your Majesty……eh, was the terrifying side effect that you were talking about before this greenness over my entire body after taking the [Hulk Potion]?”

“Yes, yes.” Fei held back his laughter and nodded firmly. “This greenness will take a long time to disappear; isn’t that terrifying?” But right after he said that, he couldn’t hold back anymore and started laughing loudly like a kid who had just pranked someone successfully. His kingly temperament instantly disappeared.

Cech and Brook felt like they were about to faint.

That counts as a terrifying side effect?

“Brook……I……” Cech was a little bit embarrassed at this point. He was originally worried about the “terrifying side effect” and took the potion before Brook could react; he wanted to take on the risks himself. Who knew that the king was only joking? Now, it looked like that he had jacked Brook’s opportunity of becoming stronger. It didn’t matter if it were merits or official titles and positions; Brook deserved it more. Cech instantly regretted his action.

“Mr. Cech……” Brook was still used to calling his former leader mister. ” You’re being too polite. If Chambord can get another powerful warrior and increase the chance of us winning the upcoming Zenit Military Practice, it doesn’t matter who takes this potion.” Brook’s words were really sincere and didn’t feel fake or superficial at all. Cech didn’t know what to say. Fei on the side nodded secretly. He knew that he had chosen the right person. This one star warrior was just, dependable and had integrity. The best part of all was that he was extremely loyal to him.

“Actually, you guys don’t need to panic, hehehe……” As Fei was speaking, he flicked his wrist and another bottle of [Hulk Potion] appeared in his hand out of nowhere.” I have a few more bottles of this potion!”



* * *





Chapter 77




Chapter 77: Teleport Portal in Real Life

Cech and Brook were about to go crazy; both of them stared at Fei with “resentment”. At this moment, they finally knew that they had been pranked by the young king and everything was a friendly joke.

Brook drank the other bottle of 【Hulk Potion】 in excitement.

In his prior experiments, Fei had tried the potion on animals like chickens, pigs and cows, as well as on a few heinous prisoners on death row. He had accumulated a good understanding regarding the effects, dosage, side-effects and long term effects. After experiencing the indescribable pain, Brook gained a huge boost in strength. His physical strength was enough to take on a two star warrior. The energy channels in his body had also expanded. This had a more significant long term effect; it meant that Brook who was average in terms of energy training had suddenly become a genius at it.

To maximize the efficiency of the 【Hulk Potion】, one would need to train. Therefore, the remaining potion was still stored in their bodies. When looking at them closely, the greenness on Brook’s and Cech’s skin could still be seen. They looked at each other and laughed.

The king’s action of continuously taking out such potions with ridiculous effects had shocked both Brook and Cech. If this information leaked out, many people would fight and start a war to get their hands on the potion. They now knew why the King talked to them in private; except for Fei’s personal guard Fernando-Torres, all the other guards had been dismissed.

“【Hulk Potion】’s effect is astonishing, but it doesn’t accumulate, so it only works once. The effect will be minimal if you guys take it again. However, you guys shouldn’t relax on your training…… I do have some extra potions on hand, but there aren’t a lot. They’re all for the improvement of Chambord’s overall strength. You two are the ones that I trust the most, as well as ones who took the 【Hulk Potions】 first. Remember, this matter must be kept confidential and can never be exposed. For the reason of your increase in strength, think of ways to explain it yourselves…… We have to be very careful on this matter. You guys know exactly why we must be.”

After their excitement, Fei returned onto his dual lion statue-clustered throne on the stairs and suddenly switched back to Paladin Mode. The holy and majestic temperament of a level 12 Paladin instantly filled the hall; the majestic sensation surged in the hall like tides. At this time, Fei had restored the King’s superior prestige, controlling everything like an inviolable god.

After hearing Fei’s words, Brook and Cech finally knew that they were the first ones that touched the 【Hulk Potion】. Their hearts were filled with gratitude; they felt their blood boiling. Both of them kneeled down and said in unison, “Rest assured, Your Majesty! No one will know about this!”

Fei nodded in satisfaction.

He suddenly opened his hand and another bottle of 【Hulk Potion】 appeared in his palms. He pushed it out and the level 12 Paladin’s aura wrapped around the potion and slowly flew into Brook’s hand.

Fei continued, “When you get back, immediately choose two hundred loyal soldiers with clean backgrounds. Then, dilute this bottle of 【Hulk Potion】 into four barrels of clean water and feed it to the two hundred soldiers in the next three days. This way, although they won’t receive the same benefit that you two received, it will still be a good boost in the soldiers’ strength and physique. Remember, these two hundred soldiers will be the elite force that participates in the Zenit Imperial Military Exercise. We couldn’t afford any kind of carelessness. They must be carefully selected; loyalty comes first, and ability comes second. It would be the best if all of them were born in Chambord……Brook, after you finish that, hand these soldiers over to Commander Cech and let him train and direct them. I want the two of you to build an invincible iron force for Chambord in the next six months. Can you two accomplish it?”

“Yes, Your Majesty. There’s absolutely no problem!”

Brook held onto the potion tightly as if he was holding the key to a peerless treasure. He said with full confidence, “With the help of this 【Hulk Potion】 that can compare to epic potions, we can absolutely construct an elite force of terrifying strength. Our chances of winning in the Military Exercise half a year from now will increase by a lot.”

Even Cech who was taciturn nodded excitedly and said, “Your Majesty, Peter-Cech guarantees to build you an invincible iron force in less than six months!”

Fei nodded.

He wasn’t concerned about accidents that might occur when using 【Hulk Potion】. Before when he was testing the 【Hulk Potion】, he discovered a satisfying phenomenon – regardless of whether it was a human or an animal, after taking the full potion and enduring a few minutes of severe pain worse than death, the test subjects all had a huge boost in strength and instinctively developed a heartfelt dependency towards Fei, which made them become more loyal towards him. It was like the emotions that kids had toward their parents. After some deep thinking, Fei believed that this phenomenon was caused by the weak spiritual energy in the potion. When every 【Hulk Potion】 was created, they all contained some weak spiritual energy in them, as if they had lives and had some intimacy towards Fei, like a newborn lingering onto its mother. It seemed like that weak spiritual energy quietly affected the user of the potions’ soul and increased their loyalty towards Fei.

The incident of 【Hulk Potion】 had come to an end. In the next ten minutes, Fei and Brook chatted about the restriction of Chambord’s military. Fei wasn’t some kind of military genius, so he only briefly outlined some main principles from his memories and knowledge from Earth. However, it deeply inspired Brook. During the chat, Cech also gave some great recommendations. Fei realized that this First Commander of the King’s Guards was also quite talented in military affairs. During the chat, Brook happily recorded three full animal skins worth of notes. After seeing that it was getting late, Brook and Cech got up and bowed as they left the palace.

Finally, only Fei and his personal guard Fernando-Torres were left in the hall.

After he felt the shiny eyes staring at his back, Fei turned around and saw Torres staring at him eagerly. Fei knew what he was thinking and directly asked, “Fernando, do you also want a bottle of 【Hulk Potion】 to increase your strength?”

Torres hesitated a little; he knew that the potion was extremely valuable and limited. However, he wasn’t able to resist the temptation of power and kneeled down as he answered honestly, “Your Majesty, it’s my greatest honour to be able to follow you. I want to fight for Your Majesty, but I’m too weak; I even have a hard time holding up a sword…… Therefore, I beg Your Majesty to grant me a bottle of 【Hulk Potion】.”

“One of the 【Hulk Potion】 is yours, but I can’t give it to you right now……” Fei gestured Torres to stand up as he continued, “The effect of this potion is significant, but the potion itself is extremely brutal. An ordinary person is not able to endure the unbearable pain during the body transformation process. If you pass out, it would damage your body severely. Both Mr. Brook and Mr. Cech are strong warriors that have fought numerous battles, and they have the basic strength and mental toughness to handle the painful process and successfully benefit from the potion. You on the other hand are still too weak and can’t bear the brutal impact of the potion. If I give you the potion now, it would be a disservice……If you want to quickly reach the minimum requirement to take the potion, go find Pierce and Drogba. Train with them according to the method that I gave them. Once your body becomes strong enough, I will give you the potion.”

After hearing Fei’s explanation, the expression on Torres’ face turned from the initial disappointment to hopefulness. He clutched his fists excitedly and said, “Thank you, Your Majesty. I will go find Mr. Pierce right now……”

After he said that, the blonde boy turned around and rushed out of the hall.

Fei looked at the boy’s back and laughed quietly.

After his observations for the last couple of days, the blonde boy Fernando-Torres had great potential. He was clever, thoughtful, brave and honest; he had all the necessary qualities of a true warrior. He also grew up in Chambord and was loyal to the kingdom. He looked up to Fei as an idol and worshiped Fei as a god. Fei had no reason to not promote this young man.

The only thing holding him back was that Torres was still too young, so Fei wanted to sharpen him a little bit more first.

However, the brutal damage of the potion that Fei was talking about was true; he didn’t exaggerate in the slightest. In his prior experiments, there were a total of eighteen sheep, thirty-three pigs, and numerous little animals such as chicken, ducks, and geese that had died from the potion. Even most of the heinous prisoners Oleg brought to Fei who were on death row died during the process of the body transformation. This was the dark side of the potion.

Fei sat in the hall for a little bit longer and thought through everything that had happened and made sure that nothing was left out. He exhaled slowly as he switched to Barbarian Mode. After looking around and making sure that no one was around, he stared at the open space in front of him and inexplicably whispered, “ Elena…… You can come out now!”

As soon as he finished, a slight buzzing noise sounded.

A small blue flash of brilliance appeared in the mid-air that grew larger and larger. Soon, it formed a huge blue oval shaped “door”. It gradually stabilized itself as blue light circulated on its surface. It was actually a portal from the Diablo World! Then, a beautiful figure slowly emerged through the portal and appeared in the King’s Palace.

There are some changes to HTK’s schedule [WAAAAAAAAAAAT]

Last Chapter



* * *





Chapter 78




Chapter 78: Supreme Leader of 【Rogue Encampment】

Her red hair was like a cloud of fire burning in the air. Numerous mystic magic symbols were engraved onto the set of delicate armour and magic power circulated on its surface. The white leather long boots covered up her knees like spreading vines. Her smooth thighs were exposed, slender and beautiful; they were as white as snow and exuded a breathtaking and seductive charm. The sky-blue battle skirt covered up her alluring round hips. Her waist was like a swinging willow; it was so slender that it could be gripped with just two hands. Her chest was still outstanding under the light leather armour. Her fabulous face made people felt guilty when they looked at her. Her temperament was three tenths apathetic, three tenths elegant and four tenths stunning……

This was Andelisha-Elena, a stern inviolable Valkyrie, and the prettiest 【Flower of Rogue】 in the entire Diablo World.

She quietly came through the portal as if she traveled through space and time. She appeared in the hall and stood in front of Fei.

Elena’s beauty had blossomed.

For a long time since the last 【Flower of Rogue】 Andariels unimaginably fell in love with the Lord of Terror Diablo and became demonified, no one on the Rogue Continuet was able to be regarded as a 【Flower of Rogue】 until the elegant Elena was born. This young rogue warrior quickly conquered the entire Rogue Continent with her beauty and bravery.

“Mr. Fei. I heard your summons from 【Rogue Encampment】.” Elena bowed and saluted Fei in the same manner that people in the Diablo World saluted their king. “Do you have something for me to do?”

“Elena, you can call me Alexander from now on!” Fei pointed at a stone chair beside him. He smiled as he asked, “Take a seat. How did it go? I believe you’ve told Priestess Akara and Leader Kashya everything about this world, right?”

“Yes. I have conveyed the information to the two leaders according to your command, Alexander Your Majesty.”

Elena quickly got use to the name “Alexander”. In the last ten days or so, she had gone from the initial surprise and shock to a serene calmness; she had completely Fei’s position and status in this world. When she was summoned to Zenit Continent by Fei accidently through the portal ten days ago or so, Elena was shocked by the quietness and beauty of this world. There weren’t any monsters or demons, and there weren’t invasions and pollution from the evil powers from hell. There were only clean air, fresh water, lush plants and healthy green mountains. Everything here was thriving and flourishing; there was literally no difference between this place and the heaven that everyone was talking about in the Diablo World. Elena fell in love this world at first sight.

In the last ten days, she was able to come to Chambord Castle for four hours everyday and observe and study everything in Chambord as a guest under Fei’s permission. This included the rules of this world, Fei’s identify, Chambord’s status and rotation between day and night from the sun and moon. After she understood everything, with Fei’s permission, Elena passed on all her knowledge to the two leaders at 【Rogue Encampment】 Akara and Kashya.

“Eh, good. Thank you for your hard work. Oh, right, later someone will bring you to a place. Please observe that place carefully and tell me your discoveries.” Fei didn’t behave like a king in front of Elena at all. He casually handed her a big red apple and smiled, “So have Leader Akara and Kashya made any decisions yet about my prior proposals?”

“They both have agreed. However, Leader Akara hopes Chambord could help out 【Rogue Encampment】 a little bit in terms of food.” Elena was surprised; she quickly took the apple as a trace of redness appeared on her white face; she lowered her head and replied.

“Oh, food? ……I can only give it a try and see if I can convert food into the Diablo World.” Fei thought about it and said, “On this matter, I will discuss it with them personally later.”

At this moment, the guards outside of the palace shouted to inform Fei that Warden Oleg had arrived and was waiting outside.

“Let him in!”

As soon as he finished, Warden Oleg rushed in excitedly. His face was red and all the fat on his face were shivering, as if something great had happened. He humbly kneeled down and crawled a few more steps forward until he reached Fei. He bowed to the floor to salute Fei as he smiled and fawned, “I’m here to report back to Your Majesty, great news, Hahaha, the new prison has officially been completely, and it’s ready to be used immediately!”

As he was talking, he quickly noticed Elena who was sitting on the side. His heart was instantly shocked by the beauty of this 【Flower of Rogue】, however, Oleg didn’t have any evil and lustful intents. For one, he clearly knew that this girl was very likely having an intimate relationship with King Alexander; he could tell from the way that she was looking at His Majesty. Also, Oleg was at least an one star warrior; he vividly felt Elena’s powerful level that was far greater than one star rank. He also understood the value of her full magic engraved armour……All of these things clearly told Oleg to kill any kinds of dirty thoughts. He couldn’t offend the girl in front of him, otherwise he would die painfully.

After hearing Oleg’s report, Fei nodded in satisfaction and said, “Great, you’ve done a good job. I’m glad. Now organize some jailors and transfer all the prisoners from Iron Prison – Water Dungeon to the new prison. From today onwards, completely seal up the water dungeon. No one is allowed to enter without my permission.”

“Your command is my life, Your Majesty!” Oleg was excited to receive Fei’s praise. He spoke loudly to announce his loyalty.

“Eh, one more thing. This Ms. Elena is my……friend.” Fei was about to use the word “trusted subordinate” or “confidant”, but he felt the word “friend” was more suitable. He continued, “After you finish transferring the prisoners, lead Elena to the Iron Prison – Water Dungeon for a visit. Remember, don’t ask any questions. Come back to the Palace by yourself after she finishes. I have some great rewards to give to you.”

“God bless you, bright and merciful King.” Oleg’s teeth were about to break due to excitement after he heard that there were rewards. After meeting with the King more often, he had an even deeper understanding of Fei’s character. Once Fei said that there were great rewards, that meant that the rewards must be good stuff. Then, another series of flatters “showered” Fei.

“Elena, just follow him. That place is a bit strange. You might find something, but there is a huge black iron gate. Don’t go behind there for now, alright?”

Elena stood up, nodded, and followed Warden Oleg out of the King’s Palace.

After seeing both of them disappear from the gates of the hall, Fei licked his lips and rubbed his temples. There were too many things to do these days. Although he was acting like a hands off king that passed on the majority of tasks onto Brook and Bast, he was still extremely busy and didn’t have time to breathe.

There was a light bluegrass fragrance still in the air. It was left by Elena when she was sitting down.

The golden sunlight passed by the huge stone god statues and shined into the palace. Fei showered in the sunlight, closed his eyes and smelled the wonderful fragrance. His thoughts and thinking patterns suddenly became fluent and cheerful as ever, and his memory traced back to twelve days ago.

……

……

Twelve days ago.

After Fei designed ten sets of male and female clothes and “scared away” his cute fiancée with a design of bras, he had nothing to do. Therefore, he tried to communicate with the cold, mysterious voice in his mind and return back to Diablo World.

Diablo World, 【Rogue Encampment】.

As soon as he stepped onto 【Rogue Encampment】, he was surrounded by crazy cheers around him. He looked around and was surprised to find out that Priestess Akara and Military Leader Kashya led everyone at the camp to kneel down and devoutly pray before the place where he left the Diablo World last time. When they saw his appearance, everyone jumped up and started cheering unstoppably.

“Mr. Fei, you have finally returned!”

A smile appeared Akara’s old face like a dandelion flower, while Kashya and the other people also stared at Fei in excitement. Expressions of respect and admiration were on everyone’s face. Fei rarely saw those expressions from the NPCs.

“Eh……What happened?”

Fei wasn’t use to the NPCs’ enthusiasm. This rare situation made Fei feel like these people wanted something from him.

“Mr. Fei. You have killed the evil demon leader Andariels and opened up the path from Rogue Continent to the east. According to the Blood Oath of Covenant from our ancestors, you are now the Supreme Leader……” Elena who was standing beside him notified him quietly.

“I’m now the Supreme Leader of 【Rogue Encampment】?”

Fei stunned. He suddenly remembered that. When he was leaving Diablo World last time, Elena didn’t mention that to him. He turned around and looked at Akara, Kashya and others, and didn’t try to hide his delight, “It that true? Am I now really the supreme leader of 【Rogue Encampment】?”

“Yes, that’s right.” Although Akara wanted to beat his face with the bottom of her shoe after seeing his “insolent” and shameless expression, the matter related to the Covenant from their ancestors, so she couldn’t be disobedient. She had to reply patiently.

People such as Kashya and Charsi also nodded to confirm.

“Haha, does that mean that I don’t have pay anything to Akara for potions and scrolls, or to Kashya for hiring mercenaries, or to Charsi for buying equipment and items? Hahahahah……” Fei’s laugh was very shameless; it was almost his nature. This treacherous and shameless idea popped into his head almost instantly after he knew he was now the supreme leader.

A great life was waving its “hands” at Fei coquettishly, as if it was so close. Fei could also smell it.

However –

“That’s impossible. Even with the Covenant from our ancestors, the supreme leader couldn’t get everything for free in the camp…… Mr. Fei, I have to notify you that as the supreme leader, you do have the power to drive everyone in the camp to service you, and you also have the power to constrain everyone. However, you also have the obligation to protect and fight for everyone, every building, every cow, even every chicken. I have told you a long time ago that everything in this world is balanced…… Of course, to show respect to the supreme leader, from today on, you can purchase from anyone at half price, including my potions and scrolls.”“Greedy” Akara said as she gnashed her teeth. Her words shattered Fei’s dream of getting everything for free.

“Eh……Half Price?” Fei rubbed his chin in disappointment. He had no choice but to nod and say, “Although it’s still expensive, half price is a great deal.”

“Honourable Fei. We are planning to open the pledge altar from our ancestors. After the altar ritual, you will officially become the Supreme Leader at 【Rogue Encampment】…… The white bearded Cain separated the crowd and saluted Fei with a cane in the hand, “According to the legends on Rogue Continent, every supreme leader can acquire three legendary miraculous skills from the Great God. The timing is perfect, let’s start the altar ritual quickly!”

Fei realized that everything in the Diablo World was going towards an unknown direction.

Last Chapter



* * *





Chapter 79




Chapter 79: Ancestor’s Altar and Three Legendary Miraculous Skills

What surprised Fei was that the altar from the ancestors of the camp was not in an obvious location in 【Rogue Encampment】. Under Akara’s lead, Fei and other locals arrived at her small tent that was located on the southwest corner of the camp.

Fei had been here numerous times.

Cracked and broken bottles and jars that had moss and vines growing on them were laying around everywhere. The air close to the tent smelled pungent; it was the smell of incomplete potions. Akara’s tent was very small; it was even a little ragged. Fei had questioned how this small tent could accommodate one person more than once, even if that person was someone small and thin like Priestess Akara.

However, this time he was stunned.

Fei’s mouth opened wide after he saw Akara, Kashya and Cain bending their backs and walking into the tent one by one. He was extremely curious, “Is there a secret underground cave in the tent? If not, how could the small tent fit so many people?” Soon, almost everyone at 【Rogue Encampment】 had went into the tent, and Fei’s mouth opened to its max.

Elena poked Fei with her cold little hand, “Mister, we should go in now.”

Fei had to go in there; he was even planning to crawl in if there wasn’t enough space…… However, after he bent his back, entered the tent and looked up, he was extremely shocked. How could someone call this place a tent? It was definitely a magnificent grand palace. There was an open view; Fei was now in a huge hall, and a long corridor that Fei couldn’t even see the end of was connected to it. Chairs and tables were set up orderly in the hall, and there were a lot of doors along both sides of corridor; Fei’s couldn’t count how many room there were.

“This……this is……spatial magic?”

After the short moment of shock, Fei quickly understood what was going on. It was crazy; Akara’s ragged tent was the entrance to an unrivaled huge space. Through this small tent, Fei entered a space that he never seen before.

But after some deep thinking, it was only normal for 【Rogue Encampment】 to have such a mysterious place. After all, the camp had existed for more than millions of years. It was even here when the war millions of years ago between heaven and hell had begun. After the accumulation throughout history, if the camp was as shabby as it seemed and only had that little power and means, then the camp would’ve been razed to the ground by the demons and monsters on the moor; there was no reason why 【Blood Raven】, 【The Smith】, 【Griswald】 and the final boss 【Andariels】 couldn’t wipe out this place.

There was only one reason why this camp could survive throughout the wars, battles and historical events – power.

It was obvious that 【Rogue Encampment】 had an unknown power that Fei didn’t know about.

As everyone walked further into the palace, they all passed a hall that looked like it was for meeting. Fei still couldn’t see the end of the corridor. Akara and Kashya were at the very front of the crowd; they were walking extremely slowly and Fei wanted to catch up. But at this moment, something strange occurred. He unbelievably found out that the faster he ran, the longer the distance between him and Akara and Kashya got. Soon, he could only see Akara’s vague figure.

“What’s going on?”

Fei was perplexed.

“Mr. Fei, the time and space in this place is reversed……The slower you go, the longer the actual distance you will travel. You don’t have to walk so fast.” Elena was always beside Fei as she whispered to remind him.

Fei was surprised, but he finally understood the secret to this space.

Fei gave Elena a thankful smile and started to walk slowly.

He found that he was actually going faster than when he was running. Although he was only taking small steps, the doors and rooms were passing him by like wind; he felt like he was walking on a fast moving conveyor belt going in the same direction. Fei slowed his steps down even further as if he was moving at a snail’s pace, but under the rules of this mysterious space, he moved even faster. In an eye blink, Fei had magically caught up to Priestess Akara who was walking slowly and leading everyone at the front.

“Wow, such a magical space……Hehehe, where are we going?” Fei tried to start a conversation.

“Ancestor’s altar.” the Priestess’ response was concise.

“Eh……how far do we still have to go?”

“We have arrived.”

Akara paused her steps as she said.

Fei looked ahead and his weak little heart was shocked again.

At the end of the corridor, a huge and wide mysterious space appeared out of nowhere. A thirty or fourty yard (m) tall altar made from black stone stood quietly in the middle of the space like a skyscraper.

The diameter of this altar was longer than fifty yards (m), and it was layered with an unknown black stone. There were a total of nine levels, the further up the level, the smaller the space; it almost looked like a black wedding cake. There were a thin set of stairs on four sides of the altar that led to the highest ninth level; only about four or five people could fit on the ninth level. Looking at the altar from afar, stones on every level were fully engraved with mysterious and profound magic patterns and symbols. They looked like spreading vines and words of an unknown language. Except for the magic patterns, there were also countless ancient paintings. The content was all different; there were hideous demons, howling monsters, battling warrior and chanting mages.

The entire altar was black. It stood in the space quietly and created an ancient feeling around it, as if it was silently telling the mysterious history that was buried in the dust of time, but also as if it was showing the ruthlessness and terrifying nature of time. Fei could clearly feel a hint of mythical pressure emitted by the altar and filling the entire space.

“This is our ancestors’ Covenant Altar.” Priestess Akara said with a rare solemn expression on her face; it had a bit of holiness, as if the altar was the shrine in her heart. She said to Fei, “After you climb up the altar through the stairways on the east and reach the ninth level, by praying devoutly, God will gift you three miraculous abilities. Go ahead, Mr. Fei.

After she said that, she and other residents of 【Rogue Encampment】 kneeled to the ground and started singing a song in a mysterious and ancient language very deeply. A holy natural atmosphere surrounded everyone; visible holy energy emerged from their bodies and slowly injected itself into the black altar like meteors, dragging out a long tail behind them.

Fei walked up the altar step by step on the thin stone stairway that was located on the east side.

When he finally arrived on the ninth level, the black altar under his feet seemed like it had finally absorbed enough holy energy coming from the rogues’ bodies, and gradually new changes occurred. From the very bottom level of the altar, every level started to rotate and turn under a strange inexplicable pattern， as if it was a precise instrument that was calibrating to match a mysterious waveform.

The sensation of ancient atmosphere emerged again and it was even stronger this time.

Fei forced himself to endure the huge shock and watched everything that was happening calmly.

All the things happening in front of him were completely beyond his imagination. These incidents never occurred in Fei’s most familiar game on Earth. At this moment, some things were developing in a direction that was outside of Fei’s memories.

Suddenly-

“Boom!”

An earth shattering noise sounded, and the black altar under Fei’s feet finally stopped turning.

Everything in Fei’s sight changed, as if the altar was teleported somewhere else. People like Akara who were beside the altar had all disappeared; it was as if the entire altar had moved to the space among the stars by someone who had unlimited powers. Fei looked around and found bright stars everywhere. There were no directions of north, east, south, west, or up or down. Fei felt like he was in a cosmic vacuum.

Before Fei could be surprised……

Suddenly, a beam of white light shined out of nowhere and covered his entire body. It felt similar to the beam that shined on him when he leveled up, but the power and pressure of this beam was far greater than the white beam of light he experienced when he was leveling up. For a moment, all of Fei’s senses went black, and only a cold and majestic voice echoed in his mind –

“Supreme God, endless years, infinite space, time of eternity…… According to the Blood Oath of Covenant from the Rogue’s ancestors, weak human Fei, you have killed Anderial, one of the four gurus from hell, and you shall receive three miraculous skills from the mighty gods. These three miraculous skills are – 【Learn】, 【Give】, and 【Summon】! …… Human, prepare to accept the gift from the gods!”

As soon as the cold majestic voice finished, the white beam of light started to surge and wash Fei’s body over and over again. This process was like being anesthetized during a surgery; Fei didn’t feel any pain or itch, but he could clearly feel the incredible changes undergoing in every single cell in his body……

……

Below the altar.

“Ms. Akara…… He……could there be any accidents? Three hours had passed by already……” Seeing the huge altar completely buried in the milky white light sphere, anxious and worrying expressions appeared on Elena’s face; she couldn’t help but ask the spiritual leader of the camp impatiently.

“Elena my child, don’t worry……This is our ancestors’ and god’s decree.”

Akara looked at the 【Flower of Rogue】 who was a little restless beside her and a smile came on her face. She comforted Elena with a kind expression that Fei never saw before, “In the legends on the Rogue Continent, every 【Flower of Rogue】 would encounter the man who would change her life forever. Anderial met Diablo and you met Fei. This is what the Wheel of Fortune had already prepared for you guys. Elena my child, I can foresee your future, you all……”

“Boom!!”

As Akara was speaking, loud noises sounded beside her ear. She paused and looked in the direction the noise came from with everyone else. The white light flame sphere that embedded the altar was slowly disappearing. They could finally see everything on the altar again. On top of the thin stairways, Fei who just finished the whole ritual was coming down step by step.

An excited expression appeared on Elena’s face as she rushed towards Fei. After observing Fei carefully and making sure that Fei was unscathed, her fast beating heart finally slowed down and she sighed in relief. A faint smile also popped on her white, smooth and spotless face.

“I’m alright, relax.”

Fei felt the girl’s worry and laughed as he held on and squeezed her cold little hand.

Elena was extremely embarrassed. She blushed as she struggled to escape from Fei’s big hand and quickly lowered her head and returned to the crowd.

……

After taking the same route back out of Akara’s magical space tent, there was only about less than half an hour of gaming time left for today. Fei didn’t rush out of the camp onto the moor to kill more monsters. Instead, he stayed at the camp and chatted with Akara, Kashya, the two leaders at the camp and the white bearded “obscene” old man Cain.

No one knew that they talked about and no one knew what kind of three miraculous skills Fei had acquired. More or less, when Fei left the Diablo World again, the residents of the camp saw an unprecedented relieved expression on Ms. Akara’s face.

Last Chapter

Alright that’s the 3 regular from last week. Next up r the 2 boner chaps and 2 regular from this week



* * *





Chapter 80




Chapter 80: Miraculous Skill -【Summon】

On the same day that Fei exited the Diablo World, he found out that both Angela and Emma had been invited by Princess Tanasha to her place to hang out again. He felt that this eldest princess of Zenit Empire was quite interesting. She never showed herself in Chambord since her arrival. Even when Fei executed a few cavalries of Zenit and the deputy captain of the Royal Canonization Legion, she didn’t appear or say anything. As the commander of the Royal Canonization Legion, she didn’t ask Fei to meet up with her or voluntarily come to him. As if she was on a vacation, instead of getting ready to formally crown Fei as the king of Chambord, she didn’t mention the canonization at all and instead wanted to get closer to the future queen Angela. She frequently sent her servants to invite Angela to her place to hang out.

Fei didn’t bother to stop here. He wasn’t afraid that the elder princess might take Angela hostage; it was his vague instinct. At least for now, this princess of Zenit’s attitude towards Chambord was safe.

Fei was currently very busy. Extremely busy.

Fei had two short term goals. One was to increase his strength, and the other was to increase Chambord’s strength. He could achieve the first goal by going to the Diablo World, and he could use the 【Hulk Potion】 to achieve his second goal.

The only thing disappointing thing was that Fei’s success rate of finding 【Hulk Potion】 was way too low; it was less than four percent. Also, it was only effective for people who had the required strength. For example, Cech and Brook who were star ranked warriors were able to obtain the strength boost from the potion, but people who were weaker, like the thin and tall mercenary in the Iron Prison – Water Dungeon could benefit from the potion too. However, if an ordinary man like the old handsome Bast took the potion, he would burst into pieces within tens of seconds after taking it. Ordinary people couldn’t handle the pain of the body transformation; it would feel like their internal organs and muscles were being torn apart.

What Fei experienced when he just entered the Diablo World was unprecedented. The so called Ancestors’ Blood Oath of Covenant, the mysterious space inside Akara’s tent and the black altar had never appeared in Fei’s memory about the Diablo Game on Earth. From that point on, everything in the Diablo World seemed to deviate from his prior gaming experience. It even made Fei question whether killing monsters and leveling up in the Diablo World was really a game, or if it was something else with the game as a cover……

Fei was thinking about the three miraculous skills – 【Learn】, 【Give】 and 【Summon】 the whole night.

When Fei acquired the three miraculous skills on the black altar in Diablo World, he didn’t know how to use them right away. In other words, when Fei was embedded in the mysterious white light beam on the altar, except for cleansing his body and increasing his strength and firmness, Fei didn’t have any substantial gains. The cold and mysterious voice only told Fei that he needed to discover the casting method and effects on his own in the future. It would purely depend on his intelligence and luck. He could possibly get them right away, or he might not be able to get them until the end of his life.

“Damn, this irresponsible answer is too crappy.” Fei thought.

After a night and nothing gained, Fei started to question the authenticity of the three miraculous skills; the ancestors of rogue encampment might have put them out to motivate their descendants. However, at dawn of the next day, something miraculous happened – Fei accidentally triggered the miraculous skill 【Summon】- he actually opened up a portal and summon mercenary Frost Archer Elena from the Diablo World into the real world.

He was ecstatic at that moment. Fei was in a complete shock.

It wasn’t only because he triggered 【Summon】, but it was more because…… The sun hadn’t risen yet, so the people in the Diablo World hadn’t gotten up yet. Therefore, when Elena was summoned to him through the portal, she wasn’t wearing much clothing. He had gotten a great view of her body; the round arcs sketched out one out the most beautiful sceneries in the world. With the slightly messy hair and the sleepy expression on her beautiful face, Fei was almost turned to stone and his nose almost started shooting out blood.

Elena on the other side obviously didn’t fully wake up yet and was half-asleep. A few seconds later, the archer beauty finally realized the situation she was in. She screamed and covered up her chests with her arms, stared at Fei “angrily” for a second, and rushed back to the Diablo World before the portal in the King’s Palace could close. After he got himself together from the brief shock from this “peerless beauty”, Fei quickly started to try to remember his actions and words before triggering 【Summon】 again. After tracing back, he eventually skeptically determined one thing – about a few seconds ago, he subconsciously murmured “If only Elena was here, maybe she could help me figure this out……” Then, the miracle occurred. A blue oval portal appeared after a light buzzing noise, similar to when he used a 【Town Portal Scroll】. Then, the almost naked Elena appeared after that.

Fei figured out the key to successfully casting it and excitedly tried several times.

Sure enough, after about twenty seconds, he managed to open the portal and summon Elena from the Diablo World again. Fei was only a bit disappointed because this time Elena was definitely prepared – she was fully dressed and armoured, and travelled through the portal and appeared in front of Fei.

Fei was stoked after this success.

He then tried to summon everyone in the camp including priestess Akara, military leader Kashya and blacksmith Charsi…… however, Fei was surprised to find out that he wasn’t able to summon anyone except for Elena from 【Rogue Encampment】 to the real world. The specific reason was unknown.

After a full day of trial and error, he came to the conclusion – due to some unknown reason, the miraculous skill 【Summon】 was only able to summon Elena, and the process and method of summoning was quite simple – if Fei wanted, he could open up a blue oval portal in mid air and summon Elena from the Diablo World to the real world.

Of course, restrictions applied.

First of all, 【Summon】 was only available under Barbarian Mode. Next, 【Summon】 would consume mana. With the mana of a level 16 Barbarian, Fei could only summon Elena three times. After that, he had to drink a 【Mana Potion】 before summoning her a fourth time.

Like that, an unconscious behaviour by chance had revealed a portion of the thin veil covering the miraculous skill 【Summon】. Fei guessed that 【Summon】 was ranked as a miraculous skill, so it must be able to summon more than just Elena. Logically speaking, people such as Akara and Kashya in the camp could be summoned as well, but for whatever reason, he wasn’t able to do so.

Except for 【Summon】, the other two miraculous skills 【Learn】 and 【Give】 he had acquired on the black altar still had no desire to reveal their inner secrets to him. After Fei spent more than ten days trying to figure them out, he still got nothing out of it. There weren’t any clues, so he didn’t know what to do.

However, Fei didn’t panic.

Being able to summon Elena to the real world was already a pleasant surprise for Fei.

Elena was a level 14 Magic Archer and equal to a three star warrior on Azeroth Continent. To Chambord, this was an addition of a strong master that could easily tilt the balance on the scale of victory. In the Military Exercise half a year from now, because of Elena’s existence, Feicould almost guarantee another win in the six individual competitions. There was about half a year left after all; in this time, Elena’s strength could increase significantly after fighting and leveling up alongside Fei in the Diablo World.

In the next couple days, Fei summoned Elena to Chambord Kingdom. Although there was a time limit of four hours a day, it didn’t stop the beauty mercenary from observing and merging into the real world like an extremely thirsty traveler finding a lake and drinking the water in a desert. In Elena’s eyes, the quiet and beautiful Chambord was no different from the heaven described in the rogue ancestors’ tales. When she stepped into Chambord Kingdom and peaked out the window for the first time, she fell in love with it.

“This is a beautiful paradise……Mr. Fei, if I have to, I’m willing to bleed and die for this land, just like how I fought for 【Rogue Encampment】.” Elena showered in the sunlight of Chambord’s sunset, as she said to Fei with a smile on her face.

Fei nodded.

He felt the same way as Elena; he fell in love and was deeply obsessed with this beautiful and peaceful land.

In the following days, Elena merged into Chambord Kingdom at an astonishing speed.

The only difference was that Elena didn’t show herself to anyone in Chambord except for Fei. Even when she saw the pure, crystal-like girl Angela and knew that she was Fei’s fiancée; she simply suppressed her own sudden dejection and hid herself…… Until about thirty minutes ago, no one knew that a hot magic archer that had the same strength as a three star warrior had appeared in Chambord.

Currently in the King’s Palace, Warden Oleg was the first Chambordian that knew of Elena’s existence. It could even be said that he was the first Azerothian that knew of her existence.

“Although this f*cker is a flatterer and is afraid of death, his luck seems to be better than everyone else’s……” Fei thought about Oleg and felt a bit strange. Fei finally knew why the emperors in the ancient times would use corrupted and eloquent ministers and officers even though they knew their characters……For some reason, Fei felt safer to use “corrupted and eloquent ministers and officers” like Oleg to complete some tasks compared to people like Brook.

Fei sat in the Executive Hall in the King’s Palace for a little while and suddenly remembered that Elena mentioned 【Rogue Encampment】 needing some food suplies. He ordered a guard to gather some winter wheat seeds and put them into his Barbarian’s storage belt. After calculating the time and knowing that it would take a while for Oleg and Elena to get back from the underground maze at the back of Chambord, he dismissed the guards and used some mana to open up a portal in the King’s Palace, and then he stepped into it……

When Fei’s figured disappeared in the blue oval light portal, the entire portal suddenly disappeared; there weren’t any magic fluctuations left in the room. It was like a bursting bubble, leaving no traces behind.

In the next second, Fei arrived at 【Rogue Encampment】 through the portal.

This was the “by-product” of one of three miraculous skills – 【Summon】 when it was first triggered by Fei. If he wanted to enter the Diablo World from that point on, he didn’t have to communicate with the cold and mysterious voice in his head. All he had to do was use some mana and open up a portal to the Diablo World and walk through it. Before, he could only enter the Diablo World with his mind in his sleep and kill monsters to level up, but now he could enter Diablo World with his physical body.

The first thing he did when he entered Diablo World was not meet up with Akara and Kashya, but rather open up his Barbarian’s storage belt and glance through it. He was stoked; he found out that the small bag of winter wheat seeds he had put in the storage belt hadn’t disappeared.

That meant –

“I can actually bring items from the real world into the Diablo World!”

This discovery excited Fei. It meant that this didn’t only apply to the small bag of seeds.

He could bring any important items with him from the real world into the Diablo World.

Last Chapter



* * *





Chapter 81 Part 1




Chapter 81.1

Chapter 81.1: 【Lut Gholein】

After confirming this finding, Fei quickly started thinking in his mind.

He was considering how to share resources between the Diablo World and the real world. Although Fei wasn’t sure if there was anything else that could help him bring a lot more resources from the real world to the Diablo World aside from the storage belt, obviously this small pack of winter wheat had opened a bright window that Fei had never thought about before in his chaotic mind.

As he was thinking, Fei walked towards Akara’s small tent.

He found Akara busy composing all kinds of potions in front of the seemingly ragged tent that had a magnificent interior. He took out the pack of winter wheat out of the storage belt and gave it to Akara.

“This is ……”

Akara took the small pack and an unbelievable, surprised expression appeared on her face.

It was incredible; she could feel a thick life energy inside the small cloth pack. Akara was both familiar and unfamiliar with this sensation. It was very deep and distant in her memory.

Long, long ago, 【Rogue Encampment】 didn’t plant their own crops to maintain their survival. However, in the past sixty years, along with the slow passage of time and pollution and corrosion of rogue continent by Diablo’s evil hell force, the majority of crops and plants were damaged by the dark force. Seeds with this purity and amount of life energy in them were extremely rare to find. That caused the production of crops and food in the camp to lower and lower, and ultimately they stopped producing crops. For a long time, the residents in the camp had to rely on breeding some chicken, ducks, cattle, and some other poultry and a type of wild plants called Bracken Roots that couldn’t be massively planted to struggle to survive.

Akara clearly felt that the small pack of winter wheat seeds that Fei brought weren’t polluted by the evil force at all and could be successfully planted and grow well in the Diablo World. Due to the quality of the soil in the Diablo World, the quantity of production might be lower compared to normal…… but compared to letting young rogues go into the dangerous moor which was dominated by monsters and demons and find those Bracken Roots that tasted very bad, even though the production would be low, it would still be a great light and a huge hope for 【Rogue Encampment】.

“In my world, this crop is called winter wheat. It has a strong vitality and is ideal to be grown on Rogue Continent where it is cold and humid…… Akara, you can ask people to try to plant it in small quantities first. If it is successful, I will bring more seeds to you and it can perhaps ease the food crisis that is happening at the camp currently.”

“Ah, that’s awesome…… Thank you so much, Mr. Fei. I can feel the purity and liveliness from these seeds. You have brought hope of survival to the camp.” Priestess Akara changed her usual profiteering face and solemnly bowed to show her thanks.

“Eh……You don’t have to thank me. Hehehe, if you could provide me with some free potions, items or scrolls, perhaps it would better than thanking me with words.” Fei put on a “fake” friendly smile.

“That’s impossible!”

Instantly, Akara’s profiteering character returned. Mr. Fei, as a leader you should be setting examples for everyone in the camp; you absolutely can’t get stuff for free without doing any work. Plus, the number of potions and items I can make are extremely limited. It can barely provide the rogues in the camp with the necessary protection. Mr. Fei, your demand is too much. Even if I produce free potions for you every minute, it wouldn’t be enough for you.”

Fei was sil

ent.

A greedy profiteer would always be a greedy profiteer.

But then again, what Akara said really was the case.

Fei extinguished his idea of getting stuff for free. He turned around and saw the bottles and jars that Akara was using to make potions and smelled the pungent air. He suddenly thought of something and smiled as he asked, “Akara, why didn’t you find a helper to assist you in making potions? That way, you could increase the production, hehehe!”

“Do you think I could configure the potion out of thin air? Every potion takes a ton of precious and rare raw materials and herbs. They don’t grow in the camp and can only be found in places such as the moors and other extremely dangerous places. To collect and harvest these herbs and materials, the rogues can only go to those extremely dangerous and evil places when Diablo’s powers on Rogue Continent is at the “low tide”. I’m not exaggerating. Every potion I make is saturated with the blood of the poor children……” Akara was suddenly saddened when she spoke of this.

Fei smiled as he pointed at himself with his thumb and said, “Hehehe, Akara, don’t you think you have a perfect candidate standing in front of you for that job? Hehe, perhaps I could help you collect and pick these herbs and materials. In return, my request is very simple. You only have to teach me the names of each herb, how to identify them, and the formulae for making the potions. Hehehe.”

“You?”

Akara raised her eyebrows and was instinctively about to bicker with Fei, but she suddenly realized something as her eyes shined. She observed Fei closely as she glanced through Fei’s body and felt a suddenly realization. “Hehe, you are absolutely right. Come here. Hehehe, let’s start now. Hahaha, let me tell you how to identify each raw herb ingredient, their rating and their level!”

……

“Zealand Grass, Lantern Core, White-Strange Leaves, Magic-Chaos Ratten, Star-Light Grass, White-Bone Vine…… Eh, no, no. Blood-Bone Vine…… What else? Fire Roots? Poisonous Spiders’ joint bone?”

After an hour.

Fei was contaminated with a pungent herb smell. He continuously spat out something from his mouth as he stumbled and fled from Akara’s mysterious small tent. He was murmuring a series of herb names. His distracted expression looked as if he had been severely ravaged by a Tyrannosaurus.

“Hey……Mr. Fei. Don’t run. I have forty other raw materials and herbs for you to taste. Relax, these herbs aren’t bitter like the other ones. They don’t taste bad……” Akara had a reluctant and gloating smile on her face as she yelled and waved her hand at Fei.

Fei didn’t dare say a word back; he just continued to flee.

He passed a few wooden fences and several tents as he spat a few more times to get rid of all the bitter herb debris in his mouth. He then suddenly remembered something else; he walked to the centre of the camp and found the old man Cain, the “Free human scroll identifier”. He took out a few armour pieces and a silver storage ring from his storage belt and gave them to Cain. “Wise Cain, these items are from a mysterious place. I’m not sure if you could identify them for me.”

In fact, these pieces of armour were picked by Fei from the silver masked knight’s corpse, and the silver storage ring was from the poor four star mage Elvis. Fei put those stuff in his Barbarian storage belt before; when he was taking out the small pack of winter wheat seeds, he saw them as well. However, the status on the items were unidentified, therefore Fei wanted old Cain to help him identify them. Perhaps once Cain finished identifying them, he could ask blacksmith Charsi to modify them so that no one in the real world would recognize them again.

“Huh? These items are very strange….. Eh…… Weird, I have never seen anything like this before…… Let me take a closer look…… God! These are completely different magic engravings and patterns, and unheard of enchantment methods……” The white-bearded old man took the items from Fei’s hands and took a detailed look. Quickly, he was fascinated by them, just like an old archeologist that just saw an ancient treasure. He was stunned a little bit; he didn’t bother to acknowledge Fei anymore and just said, “The identification process might take a while. Come back in three days……” Then he turned around and walked away as if he was holding his baby.

“Damn, if you can’t identify the items, just tell me. What’s the meaning of the excuse……”

Fei opened his mouth as he “scornfully” looked at the old “obscene” Cain’s who was walking away and pointed out his middle finger.

Since the identification didn’t go as he planned, he decided to slay some monsters and demons to level up.

However, this novice map 【Rogue Encampment】 wasn’t effective for Fei to level up in anymore. A few days ago, he swept out all the monster and demons in the entire map again and made sure that not a single monster nor a crowd of demons could threaten the safety of the camp. At this point in time, the moor was more than tens of times safer than before. With the unique Big Bosses being slayed by Fei already, 【Rogue Encampment】 and its subsidiary maps weren’t challenging to Fei at all.

At this time, Elena was still in the real world. Fei thought about it for a while and finally decided to find NPC Warriv – the caravan leader, who was in blue. For the first time, he chose to head to the East. He decided to proceed onto the second big map in the Diablo World – a more dangerous and challenging town -【Lut Gholein】.

【Rogue Encampment】 was quite far from 【Lut Gholein】. If an ordinary rogue started traveling from the camp, it would take her about a year or two to get to 【Lut Gholein】. Fortunately for Fei, this travelling process for him was very similar to the actual game. Suddenly, the view in front of his eyes started to get foggy and blurry. Then as if he travelled through time and space, he felt and experienced the weightlessness and zero gravity. When he opened his eyes again, he had arrived at 【Lut Gholein】.

Everything around him was in a khaki color. This was a city that was located between deserts.

If the prior map 【Rogue Encampment】 was a little ragged temporary camp site, then 【Lut Gholein】 was a magnificent and vast desert city. Although it didn’t have the steep terrains and picturesque landscapes like Chambord, there were tall, solid defensive walls, beautiful fancy palaces, even safer inner city, two story luxury hotels and pubs, and a wide natural pier that was full of parked boats and ships…… It was impossible to find all these things and structures back in Chambord.

But for some reason, luxurious 【Lut Gholein】 gave Fei an extremely strange feeling – this seemed like a ghost city. There wasn’t any liveliness; there were barely any pedestrians on the road, and it was absolutely silent. Wind blew up sand into the air, and despite being autumn, there seemed to be an unspeakable chill.

Fortunately, there were still NPCs.

As soon as Fei stepped onto 【Lut Gholein】, a NPC approached him.

After a simple routine conversation, Fei had received the first quest in 【Lut Gholein】 from Atma, the owner of a public house – Head to the sewers under Lut Gholein and kill the boss 【Radament】 who occupied the sewers for a long time.

According to his prior memory, Fei found the entrance to the underground sewers and entered it to start the quest.

However, during the process of accepting the quest, Fei found something strange – It seemed like the NPCs at 【Lut Gholein】 didn’t like him very much. Their facial expressions and voices were very dull and lifeless. Compared with people such as Akara back at 【Rogue Encampment】, the difference was huge; it almost felt like he was talking to wooden dummies when he was interacting with them.

“Weird, why is that?”

It didn’t matter if it was the whole city or the NPCs in it, they all gave Fei the same feeling – that they were dead. The place was lifeless, as if it really was a ghost city.

With a ton of curiosity, Fei seized the moment and started his bloody massacre of the monsters and demons in the sewers.



* * *





Chapter 81 Part 2




Chapter 81.2

Chapter 81.2: Little Black House

……

……

Two hours later.

Fei had cleaned out all the monster in the sewers easily with the strength of the level 20 Barbarian and killed the boss – 【Radament】, completing the first quest in 【Lut Gholein】. His Barbarian Character was very close to leveling up to level 21. He returned to 【Lut Gholein】 and got his reward – one 【Skill Point】. He thought for a while and converted some potions from the cold and mysterious voice. Then, he directly exited the Diablo World through the portal and re-appeared in King’s Palace.

The timing was perfect.

Coincidentally, the guards on the outside yelled to report that Warden Oleg was seeking permission to enter the palace. Fei sat back down on his throne, stretched his back and said, “Let him in.”

Quickly, Warden Oleg walked in humbly.

The fat flatterer kneeled to the ground and saluted sincerely. He then smiled fawningly and said, “Supreme King” Alexander, all the prisoners in the Iron Prison – Water Dungeon have been transferred to the new prison according to your command. Ms. Elena is still visiting Iron Prison – Water Dungeon…… Your loyal servant Oleg is here to report.”

“Eh, you did a good job, I’m very satisfied,” Fei smiled as he praised.

“All of this is what I should do. To serve Your Majesty is my greatest honour!” Warden Oleg bowed humbly. He flatteringly smiled, “Your Majesty, the new prison hasn’t been officially named. All your loyal subjects passionately wish for you to personally visit the new prison and give it an official name. It would be an honour for Chambord as a whole.”

“Oh?”

Fei was intrigued by what Oleg said.

Due to his recent workload, he didn’t have time to go to the new prison that was built and expanded on top of the old healing facility. He wasn’t too sure how Oleg fixed and renovated it. In terms of naming the prison, Fei laughed as a great name appeared in his mind.

“This is your reward. After taking the potion, lead me to the new prison.” As he spoke, he gently pushed his palm, and half a bottle of 【Hulk Potion】 slowly flew towards Oleg. The potion shined a mysterious green light. This was the dose that Fei prepared for Oleg. It was tailored accordance with his own strength: not too much, not too little, just enough to stimulate all of the Warden’s potential.

“This is……”

Oleg was stunned.

Not even in his wildest dreams would he have thought that King Alexander’s reward was this half bottle of an unknown potion. From the faint green color, it looked like some kind of deadly poisonous potion…… But at this moment, Oleg demonstrated his cleverness as he figured out the king’s intentions. He didn’t even ask what potion this was; without any hesitation, he put on a trusting face, opened the bottle and chugged the green potion down his throat.

The next second, 【Hulk Potion】 came into effect.

An unprecedented painful sensation came from the deepest part of his body – every bit of bone marrow in his body started to heat up. Although the pain was tearing Oleg’s fat body apart, what surprised Fei was that this greedy Warden who was super afraid of death gritted his teeth and endured the severe pain throughout the body transformation; he didn’t even let out a single groan. Until the efficacy of the potion gradually diminished, he was covered in sweat, as if he just got out of a swimming pool. With a pale face and bite marks on his lips, he slowly recovered.

Such a hard and sturdy performance surprised Fei.

Unconsciously, his impression of the fat and bald warden improved quite a bit.

After feeling the g

reat increase in strength and the huge change in the energy channels in his body, Oleg who was initially scared finally knew what kind of magical potion King Alexander rewarded him with. He kneeled down, opened his mouth and wanted to compliment him. However, the words and sentences that he was so familiar with got stuck in his mouth, and for some reason he couldn’t utter a word……

His mouth started twitching as a touching feeling bombarded his mind; he felt like crying. Oleg tried hard to hold it back, but ultimately he wasn’t able to stop it and cried out loud, “Your Majesty…… Thank you, Your Majesty……I…… To the God of War, Oleg…… Swear with a warrior’s dignity, pride and soul, that I shall stay absolutely loyal to the great King Alexander and never betray him……I……I know many people at Chambord look down on me……Although Bazzer desperately wanted to draw me to his side, I could tell that in his eyes, I was only a dog that had some value……Your Majesty, you have given me…… dignity…… dignity of a man……I……I……”

For a moment, Oleg was crying so hard that he couldn’t even speak.

This scene surprised Fei again.

“Human nature is so damn hard to predict……. However, hahahaha, so this flatterer Oleg has been influenced and touched by my great character? And wants to start a new life?”

Fei didn’t really acknowledge Oleg who was kneeling down faithfully and crying as he declared his loyalty. He sat on his throne, and narcissistic thoughts flooded his mind like a tsunami.

……

After about ten minutes.

Under the lead of Warden Oleg who was now very grateful, Fei arrived at the former Healing Facility on the west side of Chambord Castle.

This was the new prison of Chambord that Oleg constructed.

The exterior walls of the prison were made from firm white stones, with the stones piling up to four yards (m) high. Inside the wall, the original tattered healing facility had been turned into about a building with about two dozen cells. Every cell had good ventilation and light, and they were all warm, dry and comfortable to stay in. They were all sealed off by iron bars on the windows and a movable iron door. The sixty or so prisoners that were in the Iron Prison – Water Dungeon were transferred here.

The new prison looked completely white from a distance. The two dozen cells could only hold up to about two hundred prisoners; although it was significantly smaller than the water dungeon in the underground cave maze, it was enough for Chambord’s use. After Fei’s revamp of the prison, there weren’t many prisoners left. Plus, Fei’s command to reconstruct a new prison was just to deceive the public and find a reasonable excuse to completely seal up Iron Prison – Water Dungeon containing the underground cave maze. After all, there hid a secret that could turn the entire Azeroth Continent into madness – the Mythical Ruins.

Two ten yard (m) tall statues of two warriors resting their hands on swords stabbed into the ground stood in front of the gates of the new prison. The statues were vivid and looked very majestic. They weren’t made by Oleg; after hearing that the King was planning to build a new prison, the citizens were overjoyed and took the initiative to donate the funds to create them. The creators of the statues named them [Pillar of Justice] and [Pillar of Repentance], symbolizing the justice of the trials and prosecution, as well as hope for the prisoners to repent.

In between these two huge stone statues, there stood a big black rectangular stone. This was the place that Oleg prepared to write the prison’s name. At this time, the new prison was surrounded by numerous citizens. They were all waiting and looking forward to the King officially naming this new prison that symbolized forgiveness and mercy.

“My respectable subjects. I sincerely hope that not a single citizen from today onwards will end up locked behind these gates due to their choices and mistakes.”

Fei stood in front of the huge stone and said loudly.

He withdrew Oleg’s sword from the scabbard that was hanging on Oleg’s waist, flipped his wrist and started slashing on the stone. “Tink! Tink! Tink! Tink!” With loud screeching noises, numerous stone chippings rustled off of the stone as many sparks emerged. Three words were deeply engraved into this extremely firm stone –

Little Black House!

“Little Black House…… Haha, this will be the name of the new prison. I promise all of you that from now on, anyone that is sent to Little Black House will be penalized and have the opportunity to repent. Their freedom may be temporarily stripped from them, but they will never lose their precious life here.”

Fei held onto the sword as he spoke loudly.

“Hail the king!”

“Long live King Alexander……”

“Merciful King Alexander, may the God of War bless you!”

Although they didn’t know what “Little Black House” meant, the crowd cheered on one after another in waves.

Such a scene was quite strange.

Originally, building a new prison wasn’t something to be celebrated by the citizens of a kingdom; after all, a prison wasn’t a mall. It represented the dark and dominant ruling from the upper class……But this time, due to the previous experience with the bloody cruel, hell-like Iron Prison – Water Dungeon, the new prison had a new and special meaning to every citizen in Chambord. From today on, they at least didn’t have to be timid and afraid of offending a noble or a high class citizen accidentally or negligently, and get locked up in the gloomy Iron Prison – Water Dungeon and lose their life. From what the king promised, the people had understood the underlying meaning. They once again confirmed to themselves that King Alexander was a gracious ruler.

Perhaps unprecedented prosperous days would arrive in Chambord once King Alexander would formally be crowned by the Zenit Empire’s Royal Canonization Legion in eight days.

The crowd was cheering wildly.

At this time, the Military Guru of Chambord Gordon-Brook squeezed his way past the crowd and rushed to Fei. He whispered something into Fei’s ear.

Fei’s expression suddenly changed.

“Finally here? Hehe, these motherf**kers, I’ve been waiting for them for a long time……”



* * *





Chapter 82




Chapter 82

Chapter 82: Two Legged Bald Rattlesnake (Part Two)

The body of the leading carriage was covered fully in huge Holy Church’s fiery sun symbols that were gilded with gold . The huge carriage had easily attracted everyone’s attention . Although it was stunning how luxurious the carriage looked, what was more surprising was that it didn’t have any wheels . Two clouds of rotating and whistling grey wind took the wheels’ places . The horses were able to lightly dragged the heavy body of the carriage; like a light feather that was floating in the air . When the horses were pulling the carriage, it slid smoothly through the air .

It was the special magic carriage that only Holy Church had . The bottom of the carriage had a middle-level wind magic array engraved on it personally by senior priests . The magic array was powered by magic crystals, and it made the carriage look extremely mysterious and luxurious . Only senior priests had the status and eligibility to use and enjoy such a magic carriage .

On both sides of the luxurious magic carriage, there were about forty novice priests that were in black vestments with marks of the Holy Church embroidered onto their red collars . They were all wearing black cloaks, and followed the carriage alongside slavishly; they were ready to serve the priest humbly .

The novice priests were known as friars as well . They were half students and half servants to the priests, and was known as the humblest servants to the God . Everyone of them were burdened with a long black chain on their backs; even when they were just walking slowly, the metal chain would sway and make the tinkling, metal colliding sound . Many tinkling and colliding sounds combined together gave the bystanders an unspeakable pressure, gave them a chill to the spine and made them distance from the fleet of carriages .

Holy Knights and Priests were the two pillars of strength for the Holy Church on Azeroth Continent .

They were the best partners . The relationship between them somewhat was similar to warriors and mages . One specializes in short range combats, full of strength; and the other one specializes in magic and spells, long range combat, and their powers were more mysterious . In battles, they were complementary to each other . Therefore, whenever the Holy Church set up a new church in wherever, in terms of choosing delegate from the candidates, a priests and a knight would be appointed at the same time .

The street was quickly “cleaned up”, residents of Chambord was forced to stand on both sides of the street earnestly . Any insincere or unusual movements would be considered disrespectful to Priest Zola by the cavaliers’ retinues . If they get executed or killed on the spot, there won’t be any place for them to complain to .

The gilded magic carriage slowly travelled on the [The Road of Gold], as if it was inspecting its own subjects .

People on both side of the road stared at the fleet of carriages with deep awe .

Of course, there were also a bit of deeply oppressed hatred and disgust .

When Chambord was under the attack by the black armoured enemies, and was in severe danger, the priests and knights from the Holy Church who could boss people around and enjoyed all the privileges at Chambord didn’t hesitate at all, ditched the kingdom and ran away like homeless dogs . But as soon as the danger was eliminated, these greedy and vicious bastards couldn’t wait to come back to force their own “prestige” and supremacy onto the people of Chambord…… “Doesn’t the Holy Church have any shame?”

As if he felt the unfriendly stares from people standing on the sides of the street, the gilded magic carriage suddenly stopped . The door opened and the black curtain behind the door was lifted . A slightly bald old man leaned forward, paused for a second, and walked out . He stood on the front footboard .

This was Priest Zola .

A greedy, smart, vicious and nasty guy . He wasn’t tall, only about 5 feet 6 . He was also thin; occasionally, terrible coldness would flash in his eyes . Someone had described Zola like this – “This little old man, he could think of more than a thousand secretive deadly tricks and traps in a blink of an eye . ” The people of Chambord gave him a very appropriate nickname behind his back – [Two Legged Bald Rattlesnake] .

This vicious rattlesnake and the bearded knight leader Luciano who lashed the poor woman with his horsewhip were the two figureheads that the Holy Church sent to Chambord . Both of them together managed everything that was related to church and the religion of Chambord Kingdom . Due to the significant status that the Holy Church had on Azeroth Continent, and the fierce name that the Inquisition Branch made for itself; there were too many kingdoms that were destroyed by the iron hoofs of the Execution Knights who dared to resist the Holy Church’s order . Therefore, although these two people were little characters that were unknown inside the Holy Church, but once they arrived at Chambord Kingdom, they were the highest status people at Chambord and could rival with the king .

Zola gently rubbed his beloved scepter with his palm .

His gloomy eyes glanced through the people who were standing on the sides of the street . The crowd suddenly was having a little commotion; no one dared to look at this vicious rattlesnake in the eyes .

Next moment, Zola causally pointed at a few people in the crowd .

The people who got pointed acted as if they received the invite from the Grim Reaper; they were so scared that their faces turned white, and cried and struggled desperately…… However, it didn’t matter if they were crying or struggling, none of it mattered . The novice priests on the side of the magic carriage opened their eyes widely, and looked at the people that Zola’s finger was pointing at . Then, like loyal hyenas that heard their master’s command, the novice priest rushed out, and without considering anything else, they locked the chains in their hands onto the people’s necks, and viciously pulled them out of the crowd like chickens .

Cries filled the street, but once anyone resisted the “arrest” a little bit, the dog like cavaliers’ retinues would circle them as they punched and kicked the “arrestees” . There were women who had their kids in their arms that got pulled out of the crowd, but there were more younger girls, as well as a few clean dressed middle aged men……

Instantly, cries resounded on the street, as if it was a living hell .



* * *





Chapter 83




Chapter 83: Leave everything to me

[Two Legged Bald Rattlesnake] Zola stood on the carriage and coldly watched.

There weren’t any traces of mercy that a holy and just priest should have. He glanced at the crowd having a slight commotion and said: “The Church had received a top secret report, not too long ago, the most evil – undead magic was used during the battle on the stone bridge in Chambord…… I suspect that these people had been allured by demons, because I feel slight traces of undead magic among them…… God’s children, don’t try to doubt father’s fairness…… I promise to you people that the church will make the most just and fair ruling. As soon as we find out that they didn’t make any deals with the devil, I will personally walk them out of the church.”

This was the reason that Zola gave out.

But this seemingly simple reason instantly terrified the residents of Chambord on both sides of the street. Some people who were crying and begging for mercy because their friends and relatives were pulled out of the crowd were all stunned. They didn’t dare to make any sounds; defeat and despair filled their eyes.

On Azeroth Continent, it didn’t matter how much prestige you had or how powerful you are, once you have been considered making a deal with the devil by the Holy Church, that meant the same as saying hello to the Grim Reaper’s sickle. There would be a location prepared for you in advance on the Holy Church’s Burning Cross.

There was no exaggeration. There was a shocking incident –

Twenty years ago, Bruno, the famous emperor of the strong level 6 Dulin Empire had advanced to the peak of Moon Rank under the age of fifty – a Full Moon Warrior. Some people even predicted that with one more step, Bruno could advance to Sun Ranked. On top of that, Dulin Empire had armies of millions and numerous powerful warriors and mages. They indeed dominated a section of the continent, and no other Empires dared to cause conflict with them in more than ten years.

However, during his heyday, Bruno suffered from a man-made disaster.

The cause was from one of the parties that the Church hosted. Bruno, who was a little arrogant, had offended Pope Platini accidentally, and he was later accused of colluding with the devils in Hell by the Church. Under the command of the Pope, soldiers of the Execution Knight Templar wiped out the Dulin Empire from the Continent with their powerful force. The fate of the super strong Bruno was even more miserable – It was said that he was tied onto the Burning Cross of the Sun God on the peak of the Holy Mountain – Waulu Mountain, which was also the headquarter of the Holy Church. He was burned alive by the terrible magic fire for three years and died in endless pain.

Therefore, Zola’s simple words had suddenly put everyone in despair. The few young girls who were dragged out of the crowd by iron chains on their necks even fainted and fell to the ground.

The crowd was silent on the street.

Even the friends and relatives of the young women and men who were “captured” didn’t dare to say a word at this point; they didn’t even dare to make crying noises.

The Holy Church’s despotic power was evident.

Zola the [Two legged bald rattlesnake] was obviously satisfied with the result that he made.

He liked the atmosphere where he was feared by people.

Zola rubbed his “beloved” black scepter in his hand and glanced around “majestically”. He nodded proudly after finding out that no one dared to even look at him. All the grievance and stinks that he experienced at the division of Holy Church in Zenit’s Capital St. Petersburg were finally evened out and made up by this. He had his confidence back again.

But as he was turning around and about to get into his gilded magic carriage –

“Wait a moment, Mr. Priest. I can testify for these people. They have no connection with the evil undead magic.”

A crisp and sweet voice sounded beside his ear. It instantly destroyed all of Zola’s good mood.

The rattlesnake was raged.

He turned back around rapidly and pointed his scepter at the source of the voice without identifying who the voice belonged to first. Suddenly, a white beam with devastating power shot out of the purple crystal that was embedded onto the Zola’s favorite black scepter, like a laser, headed toward the direction of the voice.

Priest skill – 【Light Extinction】.

The attack was deadly. No one was expecting that Zola would directly go for the kill.

Uncontrollable gasps and screams filled the street.

Priest Zola didn’t see who was speaking, but everyone else clearly saw who it was; everyone’s expression changed. The one who stood out bravely and faced danger was King Alexander’s future queen; The kind, gentle, and beautiful Angela.

The bright white beam with its scorching temperature was instantly about to hit Angela; it already burned a few of the girl’s black hair that was fluttering in the wind…… As the young girl was about to die because of something she said, at this moment –

“Tink!”

A huge black sword that was covered by a blue flame appeared out of nowhere and shielded Angela behind it.

The sword’s handle was held in a thick and strong hand.

The body of the sword lightly shook as the blue energy flame on it collided with the white beam of light. The flamed rippled, and both energies disappeared eventually.

The person who appeared on time was the former number one warrior of Chambord, Lampard.

“How dare you attack queen her highness! Priest Zola, are you intentionally trying to cause conflict between the Holy Church and Chambord?”

Lampard stood firmly in front of the carriage. The blue flowing energy was stimulated to the max as it enveloped Lampard’s body in its flames. The red hair also broke free from the linen hairband and fluttered in the wind. He stared at Zola who was on the gilded carriage and questioned him loudly.

“Oh, it’s Angela her highness……Pardon my rudeness.”

Zola now finally had seen who spoke and going against his will. However, a queen of a level 6 affiliated kingdom in a level 1 Empire was nothing in his eyes. Although he said sorry, but no one could see that he meant it. He curled his lips causally and said with a faint smile on his face: “Mr. Lampard, please put away your black magic weapon. Are you trying to attack a priest of the Holy Church?”

Lampard slightly paused.

After a few seconds, he frowned and suddenly swung his hand, the black sword turned into a shadow and inserted back to the scabbard on his back. However, you could still see the anger on Lampard’s face. He quickly glanced at the few Chambord residents who were dragged out of the crowd by novice priests, and asked angrily: “I don’t know what crimes these people committed. Does the Holy Church have the authority to arrest anyone they want?”

“Watch your words, Mr. Lampard……” Zola was getting a bit angry as well by all the oppositions. He stood high up on the carriage and shouted with a scorn expression: “Are you questioning God’s fairness? We have clear evidence showing that undead magic was used at the battle at Chambord. I suspect that these people are related to the matter, so I’m taking these people back to the church to find out the truth……”

“But Mr. Priest. I have clear evidence that these people that you arrested have nothing to do with undead magic……”

Before the [Two Legged Bald Rattlesnake] could finish speaking, Angela suddenly cut him off. The beautiful girl was obviously scared by the previous deadly attack, her face was still all pale, but her pure, crystal like big eyes shined a brave light. She looked at the begging expression on the few young girls who were arrested, and firmly retorted: “Mr. Priest, you just said that undead magic was used in the battle on the stone bridge, but everyone at Chambord could testify that none of the people that you arrested appeared on the stone bridge during that battle. Therefore, it’s impossible for them to have any connection with undead magic.”

Angela’s words opened up everyone’s mind.

“Yeah, they never left Chambord, how could the undead magic on the stone bridge be related to them?”

“Maybe it was those black armoured bastards who used undead magic!!”

“Mr. Priest, please don’t arrest people randomly!”

“Angela her highness made a point. Nelly and other girls absolutely have no connection with undead magic……”

“That’s right, Aunt Coulee just give birth to her child less than a month ago, and doesn’t even have the strength to pick up a kitchen knife. How could she know any undead magic?”

After hearing Angela’s defence, the crowd on both sides of the street finally had the courage to speak what was on their minds. They shouted and booed; especially the families of the people who were arrested, they shouted repeatedly and the situation was getting a bit out of control.

Honestly, everyone knew the reason why Zola arrested these people.

The few cleanly dressed young men would be used as hostages to extort money from their families. The other young and pretty girls would be used as tools for the higher up authorities in the Church to blow off sexual steam; they would be also kept as maids and slaves, to clean the church and take care of daily tasks for the church members. These incidents had happened many times. Of course, someone would be burned alive on the burning cross for the reason of colluding with evil forces; Aunt Coulee who had her newborn in her arms was probably the poor soul that Zola was planning to burn alive to demonstrate the church’s power and majesty.

After seeing the scene in front of him, Zola who was standing on the footboard on the carriage was a little stifled.

He didn’t expect that a little girl could stir up so much trouble. These low class people started to rebel and his majesty and prestige was seriously challenged. After thinking about that, this vicious rattlesnake was angered; his expression changed as he threatened fiercely: “The force of evil is always great at deceiving people, and blinding people who are naive and ignorant……Angela your highness, Mr. Lampard, if you don’t move, you will be considered as having connections with the undead magic by the Holy Church. There shall be no mercy on the burning cross!”

After he said that, Zola didn’t wait for either of them to respond. He turned around and enter the gilded magic carriage directly.

After seeing that, a short and fat novice priest who was the closest to Angela and Lampard shook the iron chains in his hands proudly and said: “Haha, please move! Or else……Hehe!” The novice priest’s facial expression was reflecting the threat as well.

Lampard’s eyebrow rose, and his hand grabbed onto the hilt of his black sword on his back.

He turned his head and looked at Angela, waiting for the “go ahead” signal.

Angela’s big beautiful eyes were filled with anxious tears.

The girl didn’t know what to do at the moment, as if she was an ant in a hot pan. She knew that if she allowed Lampard to take action and save those people by force, it would bring a disaster to Alexander who was about to get canonized, as well as Chambord as a whole…… However, the kind girl couldn’t just allow her innocent subjects to get arrested by the church.

At this moment –

A warm and strong hand suddenly held onto the girl’s shoulder. A familiar voice then sounded beside Angela’s ear like the sound from heaven: “Just leave everything to me!”

Last Chapter



* * *





Chapter 84




Chapter 84: Your majesty, Please Forgive Me

“Ah……Alexander!”

Angela yelled in surprise as she turned around and looked at the figure that appeared behind her.

As soon as she saw that tall and strong figure, Angela felt like all the pressure instantly disappeared. Her eyes cleared up and all the anxiety and worries weighing on her mind were gone.

Lampard who was standing beside Angela finally loosen his grip on the hilt on his black sword, and gently let out a deep breath. The crowds on both sides of the street couldn’t help but to cheer quietly. King Alexander had arrived, and everyone felt like they had found their spiritual pillar. They firmly believed that nothing in this world would be a problem for the “omnipotent” King Alexander.

“Unlock the chains, then go away.”

Fei looked at the short and fat novice priest who was being too arrogant and said casually.

The novice priest was mad, however…… He clearly felt that this young man in front of him was very dangerous; it even gave him chills. His intuition told him to move away quickly, otherwise…… the consequence would be too severe.

As if he was hypnotized, the short and fat priest let go of his hands on the [Light Chain], and released the poor brown haired girl. The poor girl trembled as she ran behind Fei like a frightened bunny; Angela whispered to calm her down and stroked her hair to comfort her heart.

Fei stood in front of them. He didn’t say anything, he just glanced around with a calm expression on his face.

It was only a simple glance.

However, wherever he looked, the cavaliers’ retinues who were like vicious wolves were all terrified. They shook in fear as if a bunch of dogs saw the king of the jungle.

No one dared to stared back at Fei.

The novice priests who held the [Light Chain] tight in their hands felt like a sharp sword was placed beside their necks as soon as Fei gazed at them. The hands that were clutching onto the [Light Chains] trembled as they quickly released them; as if what they gripping in their hands weren’t the Church’s instrument [Light Chain] that they could tie up any noble on a regular day, but rather a piece of red-hot iron.

As if they were amnestied, the poor residents who were arrested quickly got off of the ground and raced to hide behind Fei’s back frighteningly.

In their eyes, this figure was the most indestructible castle wall in the whole world. Half a month ago when the black armoured enemies tried to siege the kingdom, this figure had blocked them out of the main gate. At this very moment, it was this figure that rescued them from the hands of the Grim Reaper in the nick of time.

“Tap, tap, tap, tap, tap……”

Fei completely ignored the novice priests and their retinue. He gently walked towards the gilded magic carriage. The dozens of guards who were taking everything seriously didn’t even dare to stop him. They all moved and made a path for him obediently, as if they were greeting their masters.

Fei laid his hand on the thrill of the gilded magic carriage and knocked it lightly: “Hey, come out. Let’s have a talk.”

There was no reaction within the carriage.

The silence was frightening.

“I don’t have a lot of patience.” Fei frowned. He tensed his body up and the strength of the level 20 Barbarian was about to burst out. It was the sign of an outbreak.

At this moment, “Creak!”

The sound of wooden surfaces scratching on each other was as quiet as mosquito humming, but it took everyone’s breath.

Because the [Two Legged Bald Rattlesnake] finally came out again.

“Oh, it’s Alexander his majesty……” Priest Zola opened the door. This time, the vicious rattlesnake didn’t stand high up on the footboard; instead, he bended his back and got off of the carriage. He smiled as he gently bowed: “I was about to visit his majesty, and congratulate King Alexander about the formal canonization from Zenit Empire in five days……Hehehe, I didn’t expect to meet his majesty this soon. Please accept the congratulation from Zola and the Holy Church.”

The chins of people around them almost slammed to the ground.

Those cavaliers’ retinues and novice priests opened their eyes wide, they couldn’t believe what was going on. They all stared at this Priest Zola as if he was a stranger to them.

“This is crazy. When did our arrogant Mr. Priest turn into a kind and gentle elder? His attitude was even…… he was trying to please the young king? What is going on?”

Only Lampard who was standing further away saw that when Zola came out of the carriage, he quickly glanced at the knight Luciano, and the latter shook his head secretly.

Unfortunately, Fei ignored the rattlesnake’s pleasing.

He didn’t even politely respond.

“Why did you arrest my subjects?” Fei pointed at the few young men and women who were still trembling and standing beside Angela, and asked bluntly. His eyebrows were slightly furrowed as he started at Zola sharply, as if Zola couldn’t give him a satisfactory answer, he would scrape the flesh off of Zola’s bones piece by piece.

Surprisingly, the rattlesnake demonstrated patience that was disproportionate to his personality when he heard the offensive questioning. He looked in the direction that Fei was pointing as a surprising expression appeared on his face, as if he had no idea what just happened. He laughed: “Hehehe, so your majesty is angry at this matter. I just suddenly realized a second ago that perhaps Angela her highness was correct. There might be some misunderstanding. Release them, quickly release them…… King Alexander, the Church had received the message that the evil undead magic appeared around Chambord. Bishop Sergievsky specifically remind me to investigate about this matter in detail. As the person in charge of the church at Chambord, I had no choice!”

“This is the first time, so I won’t hold you accountable for this…… However, if the Holy Church wants to arrest my subjects from now on, you better let me the king know!”

Fei’s expression didn’t change a bit when Zola was being overly enthusiastic to please him; he was even too lazy to put up a smile on his face. He stopped staring at Zola and glanced around. His eyes landed on the whip that was dripping blood in Knight Luciano’s hand. He pointed at him and shouted: “You, get off the horse and come here!”

Luciano was stunned.

In the next second, the knight was suddenly engulfed in uncontrollable anger.

“How dare this ant like king offend me, a three-star Holy Knight from the Holy Church!” As Luciano was rubbing his beard and about to explode, he suddenly saw Priest Zola who was standing beside Fei slightly shake his head. It instantly reminded Luciano about the description of this king on the information that the Holy Church collected. Luciano’s mind cleared and a lot of the anger dissipated. He held back the rest of the anger as he jumped off of the horse and walked to Fei.

“King Alexander, what do you need?”

Fei looked at him and pointed at the poor women that he whipped earlier who had fainted due to the pain. As if he didn’t want to talk to him, only a short sentence came out of his mouth: “Apologize and compensate 100 gold coins.”

“You……” Luciano was having a hard time holding back his anger.

However, Zola suddenly reached out and lightly pulled Luciano’s cape, then winked to signal the novice priest who was standing behind him. That novice priest was smart guy, he instantly knew what Zola wanted. He quickly took out 100 gold coins and put it in Luciano’s hand. This bearded knight walked to the women reluctantly under Zola’s repeated signals, sprinkled the gold coins onto the woman’s body, humphed, turned around and was about to walk away……

“Stop, you haven’t apologized yet!”

After seeing that, Fei suddenly shouted and stopped him.

Knight Luciano instantly turned around, faced Fei and a silver [Battle Ring] appeared under his feet, and grew out to a five, six yards radius. His imposing manner and strength was skyrocketing. The power of the three-star warrior was fully exposed. Luciano stared at Fei coldly, the meaning was obvious – “Don’t go too far, I don’t care that you are the king.”

Fei switched to Paladin Mode

He didn’t say anything.

He slowly walked toward Luciano step by step.

When he took the third step, something magical happened – You could see a golden [Battle Ring] appearing under his feet and started to expand outward. Although the level 12 Paladin wasn’t as strong and oppressive as Luciano, but the golden [Battle Ring] shocked everyone from the Holy Church including Zola.

“How could this be?”

“It’s a golden [Battle Ring]?”

That was the type of [Battle Ring] that only the favourite children of the supreme God could have. Out of the hundreds of thousands of Holy Knights that the Church had, most of them only had silver colored [Battle Rings]. The ones that had golden [Battle Ring] were the real elites. Although the chances of having golden [Battle Ring] was less than one in a hundred thousand Holy Knights, as soon as those Holy Knights appeared, they would all receive the God’s blessings and became Gurus and mighty, influential leaders in the Holy Church.

Even though the [Two Legged Bald Rattlesnake] Zola could think of more than a thousand secretive deadly tricks and traps in a blink of an eye, at this moment he was in a deep shock. So deep that he couldn’t even think and process information properly.

When all the Holy Church stuffs were rubbing their eyes and making sure that they were not hallucinating, something even more magical happened. When Fei took the fourth step, another golden [Battle Ring] appeared under his feet and started spreading. The two golden [Battle Rings] shifted like waves; although their colors were similar, they were totally different. Everyone could feel the two different scary holy powers that had different properties and effects.

“Apologize, now!”

Fei didn’t hold back any Auras of the level 12 Paladin. He looked like a god that was enveloped in a layer of golden holy energy. The black hair fluttered in the air, and the tips were coated in gold. He appeared supremely majesty, and no one dared to look at him in the eyes. His cold words were like a heavy hammer that smashed Knight Luciano’s head.

Paladin from the Diablo World had too many similar abilities with the Holy Knight from the Holy Church in the real world. They were almost all identical. Even “Aura” and the “Holy Energy” were so similar, no one could tell the difference. Everyone thought King Alexander was a hermit Holy Knight that had a high status at the Holy Church. They were all aghast.

Knight Luciano started trembling irresistibly.

As soon as the golden [Battle Ring] appear, all of his resistance dissolved, he didn’t dare to go against Fei’s will anymore. His face paled as he looked at Fei, a pleading expression filled his eyes.

“Your majesty…… please forgive me!” Luciano kneeled down in front of Fei.

Last Chapter



* * *





Chapter 85




Chapter 85: God’s Favorite Children

The scene of Luciano kneeling down and begging for his life shocked the residents of Chambord.

The crowd on both sides of the street felt like they were having a bizarre dream. What a horrifying noun, and what a supreme monster the Holy Church was. Even the life of the Holy Church’s guard dog was more precious than a noble from a kingdom. Now however, the arrogant Holy Knight Mr. Luciano was shivering, kneeling and begging King Alexander for forgiveness…… what was going on?

While the residents were confused, something crazier occurred –

The evil and vicious [Two Legged Rattlesnake] Priest Zola panicked as he crouched down and crawled towards Fei. With a humble attitude the people of Chambord had never seen before, he kissed Fei’s boots passionately and said in a shaky voice, “Honorable Master, humble Zola begs for your generous forgiveness…… We didn’t know of your honorable identity in advance. We are truly guilty. Please forgive us two lowly wretches!”

Hundreds of cavaliers’ retinues and novice priests were shocked. They looked at each other in unison as their bosses suddenly lost all their pride and prestige and kneeled down begging for forgiveness. After a few seconds of hesitation, they all copied Zola and Luciano’s action and knelt down as well; they didn’t even dare to breathe too heavily.

Although these people were at the bottom of the Holy Church’s hierarchy and the majority of them didn’t know what the golden [Battle Ring] that appeared on the young king meant, they had followed and served Zola and Luciano for a while. They all had high EQs and were good at observing situations. From their two bosses’ expressions, they at the very least knew that they had kicked on an iron plate and messed with someone that they shouldn’t have messed with.

“Please forgive us, master!” Hundreds of people knelt down and begged.

“Master? Ha, tell me, who’s master am I?”

Fei said to the Holy Church crowd with a faint smile on his face.

“Master…….you……Oh, right right right, you aren’t……Ah, no, I mean……I……I……I……”

Despite Zola having the brains to come up with thousands of conspiracies, at this key point, he was stuttering and couldn’t put a sentence together.

He had only heard of the Holy Knights who had a golden [Battle Ring] in legends and tales, let alone a Holy knight that had a double golden [Battle Rings]. He had the chance to go to a Church’s party at St. Petersburg for senior priests and overheard Sergievsky, the Bishop for Zenit Empire mention stories about these [God’s Favorite Children] who had golden [Battle Rings] – These [God’s Favorite Children] were all secret characters that most people didn’t know about. Before they were formally appointed to powerful positions at the Holy Church, they would be appointed by the Pope to execute some secret missions or go on unknown journeys to gain more experience. Their identities were all hidden, and their statuses were highly respected by everyone at the Holy Church. They had enormous opportunities to become candidates for the position of Pope; the most incompetent ones would become Bishops for the huge empires and take control of the church in a region. The future and potential of Zola who was only a representative for the church in a small level 6 affiliated kingdom that belonged to a level 1 empire couldn’t even be compared with these people, so how could Zola not be scared?

Zola felt like he was in a freezer; he could feel the chill in his bones. He didn’t expect to meet someone on that level and leave a bad first impression. He wanted to flatter Fei a little bit to make up for what he had done, but once he thought that Fei might be executing some kind of secret mission under the Pope’s instruction, he didn’t dare to call out Fei’s “True Identity”…… “Damn it! Should I address Alexander by ‘master’ or pretend that I don’t know him?”

Zola had lost his cool.

Fei on the other hand had roughly guessed what was happening after seeing all the church people kneeling down and shivering. The reason he switched from his Level 20 Barbarian Mode to the Level 12 Paladin Mode was because he wanted to cheat a little with the Paladin’s Aura, but he didn’t expect it to have such a significant effect.

“You, stand up and apologize to the woman you injured.”

Fei was afraid that saying anymore might raise suspicion. He pretended to be mysterious and change the conversation back to the previous topic. He pointed at the Knight Luciano and said coldly.

“Yes, yes, yes……”

Luciano felt relieved after he heard that.

He and Zola passionately crawled and rushed to the woman who was waking up as if she was their mother. Luciano helped the woman sit up and Zola, who wanted to cleanse the impression Fei had of him used everything he had and was barely able to cast a high level spell that required a ton of mental effort [Heal]. A milky white light bloomed in his hand and shrouded the whip wounds on the woman’s back. After the miraculous effect appeared, the horrifying wounds soon disappeared under the illumination of the white light.

Fei’s pupil slightly contracted after seeing that.

Holy Church’s holy [Healing] spell had similar effects compared to 【Healing Potions】from the Diablo World, but it had its own mystical and unique sides. It looked like the Holy Church had an unfathomable foundation and background which allowed it to be the monster and dominate the Azeroth Continent.

“You were brave enough to try to harm Angela. You deserve to be killed thousands of times!” Fei said in a bloody tone as he stared at Zola coldly.

“Forgive me, your majesty, please forgive me. I was being really dumb, I won’t do it ever again……” After hearing Fei bringing that up, Zola kneeled in front of Fei’s feet again as he trembled. He started to snivel and begged, “Your majesty, I know my mistake. From now on, Zola will always fulfill your orders and listen to whatever you say!”

This poisonous snake was scared to death.

Fei backed off a few steps in disgust. He knew that at this point, neither his own personal power or Chambord’s strength could challenge the huge Holy Church; the difference in strength between the two was gigantic, like comparing a speck of dust to the sun. Therefore, he couldn’t be too impulsive. He had handled most of the problems, so he decided to take care of the remaining accounts with the two bums in the future. He waved his hand and said, “Nevermind, I won’t hold you guys accountable anymore on the fact that this was your first time. However, be careful how you behave in Chambord. If you dare offend or annoy me one more time, don’t say that I’m ruthless.”

“Ok,ok,ok!”

Zola was so relieved that he almost cried.

He was glad that this “Master” was magnanimous enough to forgive them. Just with Fei’s status alone in the Holy Church, even if he ended up killing both of them, Bishop Sergievsky would say that they were guilty. As long as he could extinguish “this master’s” anger, Zola was confident with his numerous methods to make “this powerful man” happy. “As long as I can tie myself together with this promising man……tut – tut.” Zola was secretly laughing every time he thought of it. He definitely believed that this was a rare and golden opportunity that he should take advantage of it.

“Alright, I don’t want to see you guys anymore. Send someone to take the injured people home and compensate them…… Get away from me, now!” Fei waved his hand as if he was expelling some flies; his impatience was obvious.

“Alright, ok, ok……”

Zola and Luciano nodded obediently and turned around to order the retinues and novice priests, “You guys, quickly help these injured children of God get home…… Oh, you guys are too rough, compensate every household with 10 gold coins…… Oh, no, compensate them with 20 gold coins!”

After seeing that some injured people were slightly immobilized, Zola squinted his eyes and immediately ordered, “Use my carriage…… Use my carriage to take them back, don’t let them suffer any more pain.”

The novice priests were shocked and stared at Zola in surprise. They thought that they had heard it wrong. Zola spent a lot of resources on picking up this carriage and he was reluctant to use it regularly. Was he going to use this magic carriage to take these dirty low class people home?

“What are you guys still standing here for? Go and do it, idiots!”

Zola shouted at the novice priests, and then turned around and asked, “Your majesty, what do you think? Are you satisfied?”

20 gold coins was the average annual income for a household in Chambord. Most of the injured residents were only lightly wounded by the retinues and novice priests. The only severely injured one was the woman who was whipped, but she was now fully recovered and also compensated 100 gold coins. Zola and Luciano miscalculated everything and were now disgraced, losing money.

Fei’s inner rage dissipated a little at this point. He nodded and waved, “Alright, now get out of my sight!”

His attitude was extremely impatient.

Zola and Luciano didn’t get mad at all. Instead, they felt like that was the proper manner that a [God’s Favorite Child] should have. They nodded submissively, apologized again and left with the retinues and novice priests.

After seeing the vicious church personnel leave embarrassingly, Chambord’s residents on both sides of the street felt like they had just woken up from a dream. The just and kind King Alexander protected them and surprised everyone again. Applause and cheers were as loud as thunder……

The beautiful Angela and Emma stood in the excited crowd. They stared at Fei with fascination and passion.

Lampard turned around and left quietly the loud cheers.

Fei on the other hand stared at the carriage fleet which was slowly moving away. When they were passing by Fei, he saw a handsome blonde young man who looked slightly sick through the window at the back of the magic carriage. The pair of crystal blue, ocean-like eyes gave Fei an indescribable strange feeling.

“Who is he?”

For some reason, Fei was suddenly full of curiosity towards that young man.

Last Chapter



* * *





Chapter 86




Chapter 86: Flowers and Feces

Of course, the reason why Fei was interested in that handsome, blonde young man wasn’t because he was homosexual. In fact, his sexual orientation was very normal; he wasn’t interested in men. The mysterious young man gave Fei a strange feeling. Sometimes, the young man felt powerful like the vigorous and vast sea, while other times he suddenly felt weak and fragile like a dry candle wick that was about to extinguish. It was very bizarre.

You could say that except for quelling and intimidating the two bad eggs Zola and Luciano, and somehow gaining “[God’s Favorite Child]” status by using his Paladin mode in this conflict with the Holy Church, what gave Fei the most vivid impression was a glimpse of the blonde young man.

Fei was also sure that when the carriage passed by him, the mysterious young man was observing him closely as well.

The crowd on the street slowly dispersed.

Fei held Angela’s and Emma’s small hands and started walking home. He listened to the two pure and cute girls‘ chat about what had just happened and simply smiled. The golden light of the sunset shined on their bodies and dragged out three perfectly contoured and warm shadows of different heights.

“Alexander, why did those two call you master? When did you join the Holy Church?” Emma jumped around and asked curiously like a sparrow.

“I don’t know, maybe they were dizzy and mistook me for someone else!” Fei gave Emma a perfunctory answer.

“Mistaken? Impossible……Huh! If you don’t want to tell me, then forget it!”

The girl got a little mad and wanted to pull her hand away from Fei’s grip, but somehow, as if she couldn’t give up the warm feeling from Fei’s big hand, she hesitated a little and let Fei hold onto her hand obediently in the end. She pursed her lips “grumpily” and stared at Fei.

Fei smiled back and didn’t say anything more.

He couldn’t really explain himself, because those two bad eggs didn’t make a mistake.

However, what Zola said alerted Fei.

He didn’t expect that the Holy Church would know about the battle that occurred in Chambord and accurately identified that necromancy was used in the battle on the stone bridge. It revealed a lot of information.

First of all, Fei could confirm that the power of Necromancer Mode was not allowed by the Holy Church in the real world. He had to be extra careful when he planned to use Necromancer Mode in the future. At least before having the power and strength that could take on the Holy Church alone, he couldn’t leave any clues that might be traced back to him. This was a precaution so that he wouldn’t be arrested by the crazy priests and be tied to a burning cross.

Next, he knew that the Holy Church had a terrifying intelligence system; they knew about the battle on the stone bridge and sent out orders in just a few days. The speed of collecting and transmitting information in this world was almost as fast as the internet and phones on Earth; they probably used a special channel or media that Fei didn’t know about. From that, Fei could infer that the intelligence system of their mortal enemy – the Level 4 Eindhoven Empire was of no comparison to the Holy Church. But if they really wanted to find out what had happen to the black armoured troops, it probably wouldn’t take long. As a result, the safety of Chambord would be under a big threat. If everything wasn’t handled properly, the secret of the Mythical Ruins would also be leaked out……

Fei felt like his position as the king was very tragic. After he got to this world, he hadn’t relaxed a single day and enjoyed time with the beauties. Instead, he was being a typical firefighter; he had to handle every problem as soon as they came up.

After they returned to the Palace, the servants had already prepared the dinner.

Fei was not used to the culinary culture in this world – Except for fruits and roasted meat, there was only whole wheat bread and smelly milk. It was alright just for a few meals, giving it an exotic feeling. But once Fei had it for a while, he felt like throwing up every time he saw the same dishes over and over again.

But after seeing Angela and Emma enjoy the food, Fei could only pinch his nose and sit farther away as he started biting on an apple innocently.

“Looks like it’s necessary to transform the culinary styles at Chambord. At the very least, I have to hire a few talented chefs and train them well. They probably can’t make food like KFC or McDonalds Burgers. I don’t know the recipes, and even if I did, I probably couldn’t find the ingredients on Azeroth Continent. However, they could at least make food like hotpot, Kung Pao chicken, crepes and French toast.”

As Fei was thinking to himself, Angela and Emma on the other side of the table had already happily changed into the Pirates of Caribbean styled dress that Fei designed earlier. The “clothing reformation” was obviously having success; it motivated Fei and boosted his confidence; he was already planning how to set off a “diet storm”.

“Angela, what do you think of these new dresses?” Fei asked with a smile as he bit into the apple.

The future queen was wiping the grease off of her alluring pink plump lips with a white napkin. After hearing Fei’s question, a joyful expression appeared on her face. She giggled, “It’s amazing! Did you know, now all of the girls in the kingdom feel that wearing the set of dresses that King Alexander designed is an honour. Great tailors such as Aunt Eliza have been super busy; some noble ladies had pre-ordered dozens of sets of dresses a few days ago. Even the silk and cloth merchants in the kingdom have made a fortune; all of them are now out of stock…… Alexander, do you know what the residents are calling these new dresses?”

“What are they calling it?”

“[King Alexander’s Wisdom]!” Emma who was struggling to take in a piece of roasted meat replied in a rush, “People named these dresses as [King Alexander’s Wisdom]. Even Viscountess Louise who had been to St. Petersburg, the capital of Zenit Empire claimed that the noble ladies in the Imperial Capital had never worn something so delicate and beautiful.”

Fei blushed; it was a rare sight to behold.

He didn’t expect that the designs he pretty much plagiarized from the Pirates of Caribbean would create such a buzz. “Should I plagiarize the rest of the battle uniforms of the female pirates?” At this moment, an idea suddenly flashed through his head, but he couldn’t get a clear grip of it. Fei shook his head and suddenly winked at Angela with a “you know what I’m talking about” expression on his face, “Eh……oh yeah, Angela, hehe, that……the last set of clothing that I designed……Eh, is that set popular as well?”

Angela’s face instantly got red.

But the girl didn’t run away like last time. She pretended to be calm and sat still as she said, “The piece that you named [Boobs Armour] was even more popular than those dresses. Aunt Eliza had modified it a little bit and made them in different colors and styles. It has been secretly spreading to all the women in the kingdom.”

When the girls were speaking, she tried to not to look as uneasy and act calm and collected…… However, her hands had twisted the edge of her dress into a ball of ragged cloth under the dinner table. Her heart was also pumping and beating quietly. All she wanted was to have the calm and cool demeanor of a future queen just like those noble ladies in the kingdom.

Fei’s recent miraculous performances didn’t just give courtiers such as Brook a lot of pressure; it also made the smart and beautiful future queen feel like there was an invisible gap that was enlarging between her and Fei. She was quietly putting in effort to make herself worthy enough to be the partner of the great King Alexander.

When Alexander was still a retard, many people felt sorry and pity for Angela who was like a peerless lotus flower that was about to be placed in a pile of dog sh*t. But now, their roles were slowly switching.

The King Alexander now didn’t only become normal. He was also becoming stronger and more powerful at an unimaginable rate. In less than a month, he had surpassed the former number one warrior at Chambord, Frank-Lampard, and became the undisputed number one warrior, securing the throne and winning over the admiration and respect of everyone in Chambord.

What about Angela?

She felt like she was still the same girl: kind, pure, innocent, a little weak, and a little clumsy. Except for when dealing with trivial matters, the girl felt like she slowly couldn’t keep up with the pace of this man. She could no longer take care and protect him like before. Just like a fine umbrella, you could shield the rain in a rainy day, but you no longer needed it when the sun came up.

Therefore, Angela was working hard to change herself all this time.

Today, when the novice priests from the Holy Church pulled out and arrested the innocent residents from the crowd and accused them of colluding with evil undead mages, Angela was scared and shivering when she stood up and refuted Zola. She didn’t even know why she stood up. Even though she was the future queen of Chambord, but she was no different than a regular civilian in the eyes of the huge Holy Church. With a single word from the [Two legged rattlesnake], she could be sent onto a burning cross…… However, when she thought that Alexander would stand up without hesitation to protect his people at a time like that, Angela somehow stood up and clearly and logically expressed her opinion as she suppressed the fear in her heart – Unfortunately, what made Angela dismayed was that her effort didn’t help the situation out. If Lampard and Alexander didn’t arrive on time, the situation probably would have worsened……

Last Chapter



* * *





Chapter 87




Hey guys, here is the chapter for today. Hope you enjoy the chapter!

Here is the clarification of what we stated yesterday.

Our full-time projects are on Webnovel.com and that’s what helps us pay bills. On the side, we do wish to keep the fan translation community growing as we keep setting aside time to work on HTK as a hobby. The base release speed is 5 chapters/week, but with the help of our generous supporters, we were able to do 2 more regulars/week plus a 18+ mass release by month end.

We have different milestones on Patreon in which we increase our release speed to thank our patrons, the 1K milestone is 6 chaps/week and 2K milestone is 7 chaps/week. Donation for the different books we do are all tied together, and after QI put a few of our books in premium on Webnovel.com, we are no longer allowed to keep posting chapters on our patreon which was originally intended to help readers save money and not get double-charged. Thus, we informed our patrons of the changes and reminded them to cancel their pledge if they wish to save money and spend it on the Webnovel.com currency instead. As a result, the donations on patreon fell below 2K, and we thought it was reasonable for us to reverse our HTK’s release schedule to the corresponding milestone speed. But then I realized that I forgot to do some bonus chaps so nothing’s gonna change for now as I will still do 7 chaps/week until I finish all the bonus chaps I forgot to do.

So yeah, that pretty much sums up the story.

TL DR version: nothing changes for now.

Hail the King Chapter 561.1

Hail the King Chapter 561.2



* * *





Chapter 88




Chapter 88: Discussion Behind the Back

Another mysterious man in a black cloak?

Fei heard the words and was instinctively shocked.

The mysterious person’s image in Priest Zola’s mouth immediately reminded Fei about the four-star Wood type Sorceress Evans. It was the same Sorceress Evans that was trolled to death by him previously, and she also had this black cloak style. Could there be a connection between these two? Could… this mysterious man that newly emerged be Evan’s accomplice?

Fei could only pray silently in his heart. It would be best if this dark cloak guy wasn’t related to Evans, otherwise it just meant that the Mythical Ruins map’s situation was likely known now by other people. Then, the severity of this matter would have escalated even further than the time he killed the level 4 Thunder Emperor Prince.

“The details of what happened…. Carefully tell me about everything again.” Fei’s eyes were like thunder, and directly looking at [Two Legged Bald Rattle Snake] Zola, he said without any room for compromise, “Not even the slightest omission is allowed, otherwise… you’ll know the consequences.”

“Yes yes yes, I definitely won’t dare to conceal anything from you, sir.”

Zola kept nodding and groveling with an ingratiating smile as he explained the whole story from beginning to end.

He and Luciano hid in St. Petersburg for sometime, and later when they heard that the Black Armor Army had retreated, they immediately went back to Chambord. After all, in Chambord, these two were still considered two kings, and they could get wind if they wanted wind and get rain if they wanted rain. But at Zenit Empire’s capital St. Petersburg, they was only the little eunuch besides the emperor – two insignificant figures.

But on the way back, their path was blocked by a mysterious man in a black cloak that suddenly appeared. That black cloaked man demonstrated superior strength, and the 3 star priest and 3 star knight both couldn’t compete with them. Fortunately, this man did not hold animosity towards them, and instead actually revealed a very important piece of news to Zola: during the stone bridge battle in the city of Chambord, there were traces of weak necromancer magic.

The word “weak” in the black cloak man’s mouth suddenly caused Zola and Luciano to light up, as necromancer magic was the most intolerable magic in the presence of the Holy Church, and if the two could find out what had happened and catch the weak necromancer, they would definitely be heavily rewarded, and their place in the Holy Church might be promoted one more step.

As for the later indiscriminate arrests after entering the city, that was actually just Zola exaggerating the issue. One side was crazily gathering wealth, and they also knew that because they didn’t help with the defense when the city was under the Black Armor army’s siege and instead found an excuse and escaped from the city, that inevitably led the Holy Church in losing prestige in Chambord, so they wanted to re-establish authority again.

It was just that they maintained their domineering act for too long. Even though it was the [Two Legged Bald Rattle Snake]’s idea, not only was it the wrong method to appease the people, but more surprisingly, this method had actually further promoted conflict.

“So, the two of You don’t know that black cloaked man’s identity as well? You didn’t even get to see his real face?” After hearing Rattle Snake Zola’s honest report, Fei frowned and asked.

“Yes your honor, that mysterious man is really strong, at least around 4 star. Luciano and I originally indeed wanted to capture him to ask him more questions in detail, but we were both not his match…” When Zola said that, he suddenly became a little embarrassed, and the bearded knight leader Luciano also nodded at the side.

Fei lowered his head and became lost in thought.

Another unpredictable four star power was the Black Cloak Sorceress with an unknown past. Listening to the story made him feel like he was somehow connected with Evans who died in the dungeon prison. That made Fei secretly scared, and he felt like he might’ve poked a hornet’s nest… However, he also faintly felt as if he had ignored something, or rather someone.

When Fei was in Necromancer mode, he only used two skills, [Teeth] and [Corpse Explosion], but both skills were all completed within 3 to 4 seconds, and it was later followed by the stone bridge breaking, so all the evidence should have been sunk into the Zuli river, so theoretically no one could find out, unless there was a pro observing the battle on the stone bridge. If that really was the case, then the mysterious black cloaked man mentioned by Zola should also have been at the scene. However, the question was here again. If he really was at the scene and saw his accomplice Evans getting arrested, he would never have just ignored it. With his four star power, he could’ve definitely won the game in an instant… In other words, this mysterious black cloaked man seemed unlikely to be Evans’ associate.

But, who else could he be?

“You guys are dismissed for now.”

Fei thought for a while but couldn’t find any clue, so he waved his hand to send Zola and Luciano away, hesitated for a second, and then said again, “The thing about the necromancer, this is the end of it; you don’t need to investigate any further. The stakes involved this time is not something you two can imagine. I will personally take care of it. If you guys investigate on your own rashly, alert the enemy and screw up my plan, when the wrath of His Holiness arrives, on the Ten Thousand Flow Summit’s Fire Pillar, two seats will be saved for you two.”

This time Fei completely took advantage of the matter and exaggerated to get away with what he did under a camouflage.

Since Zola and Luciano already mistook him to be a big shot from above, Fei simply took the tiger skin and casually placed it on himself. According to Fei’s original plan, he planned to find an opportunity to secretly get rid of these two guys. But in this situation, perhaps keeping Zola and Luciano would yield magical results later on.

After hearing Fei’s words, Zola immediately nodded and bowed and assured him, “Your honor, you may rest assured. Luciano and I definitely won’t get involved with this matter at all… In the future, if your honor has any commands, feel free to order us, Chambord’s Holy Church is willing to contribute all of its effort for your honor.”

“Well, you two did well. On the matter of finding traces of the necromancer, I will credit you guys. When this case is done, after we finish my training here and return back to Divine Mountain Ten Thousand Flow Summit, you guys will naturally be rewarded.” Fei first smacked them with a few big sticks, then threw them some sweet candy, (TL: referring to the way he treated them), and in order to pretend more realistically, he even started addressing himself as “we”.

Zola and Luciano were both rejoiced after hearing those words, suddenly feeling that their future was as bright as ever. They kowtowed again and again, humbly kneeling down to kiss Fei’s boots, and then joyfully exited the king’s hall.

Fei returned to his throne and thought, the identity of this black cloaked man was too mysterious with there not being a single clue, so he decided that he might as well not think about it, and summoned the prison official to the hall and whispered a few orders.

…

…

After returning to the church, Zola and Luciano dismissed all followers and quietly came to a secret chamber behind the Holy Church’s chamber.

This is where Zola and Luciano discussed important things.

“Priest Zola, are you sure that this Alexander guy who used to be an idiot, is a big shot from the headquarter?” The bearded knight leader was really distressed about those magic scrolls and sorcerer’s stones he had to hand over, as he frowned and asked. Previously, the decision to give gifts to Alexander was made by Zola, and it was still a little hard for Luciano to accept Zola’s judgement.

“This… I’m not 100% sure either.”

After returning to the church, the Rattlesnake Zola revealed a superior haughty demeanor. He stood in front of the chamber’s God Father statue with his back facing Luciano. The secret chamber was densely lit by candles. The candle lights flickered, and Zola drew a Holy Cross on his chest and then slowly turned around and said, “But, don’t forget that today the Double Golden [War Ring] Alexander cast today cannot be doubted. You can also feel the terrifying holy power contained by the ring right? It’s possible that even under Zenit Pope Sergiyeli’s crown, one wouldn’t have such a pure holy force.”

“That’s true too, but both you and I know, according to the information we had from before, Alexander was nothing but a retard since he was born. He had been stupid for nearly 17 years, so how could he be a [Darling of the God]?”

Luciano was still a bit uncertain.

“That’s exactly what I’m suspicious of too… However, think of the day when the Holy Church judged the Paladin’s number one pro Holy Knight Charing. Before his fame, just because both of his legs were disabled, he was also considered an idiot. And also, the Martial Art God Maradona who even His Holiness had to be a bit courteous towards, for all those years his crazy actions weren’t different from an idiot. In the vast mysterious continent of Azeroth, there were too many cases like this, so maybe Alexander was just pretending to be a retard in the past…”

Then, a rare look of horror flashed past Zola’s eyes, and he slowly continued and said, “Old man, I suddenly have a terrible premonition. Chambord seems to be containing a secret we don’t know. We may have rolled onto a matter that we shouldn’t know… Just like what Alexander said himself, maybe he is really carrying out His Holiness’s order and is secretly investigating something.”

After Zola finished, a fleeting trace of coldness shined in his eyes and his entire person became very depressed.

“After talking for this long, you weren’t sure of Alexander’s true identity either?” The bearded knight leader became a little anxious, “Then why didn’t we act after observed for a little longer? You insisted on not waiting to deliver the gifts. What a pity, that box of precious sorcerer’s stones and those magic scrolls. There was even a black scroll of mysterious origin, and it could very likely be a rare forbidden scroll.”

“You are wrong. Timing can be met but can’t be expected or asked. Once missed, you will regret forever.”

Translated by Cucumber Strips, forgive any discrepancies in wording and sht plzzz

K bai

Last Chapter



* * *





Chapter 89




Chapter 89: Investing in Our Future

Zola closely stared at Luciano as he solemnly shook his head as he said, “We aren’t sure whether Alexander is really the [God’s Loved Child], but it’s fact that he has the dual golden battle ring. That also means that if he’s willing to join the Holy Church, he will receive the love of those masters from the Ten Thousand Flow Summit, and by then, I’m afraid that even the people under Pope Sergiyeli’s crown will lower their position to meet him. And, as for low level priests and knights like us, the sorcerer’s stones and scrolls can be re-collected slowly over time, but the opportunity to become related to this kind of big figure will only come once in our lives.”

The bearded knight Luciano thought for a second, and then agreed.

“Then what do we do after?” He asked.

“Remember one thing; we must obey Alexander’s orders…” Zola’s eyes glimmered with light, similar to that of a gambler before he made an insane bet. “Although this is a gamble, we still have many advantages. If we are the first ones to take action, the moment we win, our future will take a giant leap, and it might even be possible for us to enter the Ten Thousand Flow Summit… Hehehe, on the contrary, if we lose the gamble, then our loss will just be some stones and scrolls. Hehe, such losses can just be ignored.”

“Then should we send someone to report this to Pope Sergiyeli?”

“Don’t!” Zola was shocked after hearing that and immediately said, “Old man, are you stupid? Quickly get rid of these kinds of ideas! Remember, after you are dismissed, you must seriously discipline those followers of yours. This information cannot be leaked out at all. If news of a [God’s Loved Child] appearing in Chambord spreads out, the benefits of being associated with such a person would diminish. Moreover, the moment the news leaks out, I’m afraid that this small city of Chambord will immediately become popular, with countless great figures scrambling to come here… In comparison to those great figures, you and I have no advantage and will not be able to continue to stay in Chambord’s church. If that happened, it would be a lot more difficult to maintain a relationship with Alexander.”

Luciano heard those words and was surprised, as he quickly nodded in agreement.

The combination of Zola and him was like a fox and a wolf – one had brains and the other had muscle. Often times, Zola helped him make decisions, and the facts had proven that Zola’s vision was always very unique, and he was also very vicious. He relied on Zola’s advice and received many promotions along the way and acquired numerous advantages.

In the church’s secret chamber, the two soon reached an agreement, and ultimately convinced themselves to believe in Fei’s identity as the [God’s Loved Child]. The two then began to guess Alexander’s preferences after becoming a normal person, preparing to continue fawning over him to further improve their relationship.

……

King’s Hall.

Fei put away the two metal boxes, summoned the prison official Oleg to his side and carefully ordered a few things, and then he opened a portal into the Diablo World.

At [Rogue Camp], Fei found the beautiful mercenary Elena.

“Can you tell me if there have been any discoveries in the underground cave’s [Lost City]?”

In the new tent built for the supreme leader’s temporary residence, Fei curiously checked out the facilities inside the camp while he asked.

“Yes sir. It’s hard to imagine, but in the mountains behind Chambord City, there’s actually a big lost city in the cave!” The moment Elena spoke of the cave, her face suddenly brightened up. “It’s a majestic building… I followed master Oleg into the cave and carefully examined every inch of every room and corridor. Every corner inside the cave is simply carved, so only a few clues were left behind. Because we only checked out a small portion of the building behind the door, I didn’t really find anything… However, I don’t know why, but the entire stone cave gave me a very strange and familiar feeling.”

“Strange feeling?”

“Yes master. It’s a very strange feeling; it gave off a familiar, yet unfamiliar feeling at the same time, as if I’ve seen this kind of cave somewhere, but when I thought of it carefully, I couldn’t remember a slightest clue.” Elena was a little ashamed and lowered her head, “I’m sorry sir. I couldn’t help you this time!”

Fei smiled and shook his head and said, “Elena, don’t blame yourself. The reason I told you to go visit for yourself was that I myself had the exact feeling, a familiar yet unfamiliar sixth sense… Well, it’s fine; we’ll drop the topic for now. There’s one more thing that I want you to check. What’s the difference between these two gems?”

Then, two bright rubies surging with the fire element appeared above Fei’s hands.

“My god, these… could these be two [fragmented elemental rubies]?”

Shock emerged on Elena’s face as she exclaimed aloud.

As if she was touching some peerless treasure, she carefully took the two gems and observed them. The young and beautiful face became exceedingly stunning under the ruby’s light, and the shocking expression carried a hint of confusion. [Fragmented elemental rubies] were very rare in the Rogue world, because once one obtained them, blacksmiths with superb craftsmanship would be able to create powerful magic equipment… This was still Elena’s first time seeing the legendary gem.

She tried to supress the excitement inside her heart as she carefully observed.

However, she could not find the slightest difference between the two gems. The smart Elena didn’t hurry to jump to conclusions because she knew that since Fei showed her the two stones to ask for her advice, it meant that there must be some particular reason. Therefore, this pretty mercenary observed the gems again while paying much more attention.

But in the end, Elena didn’t find anything.

She shook her head and handed the stones back to Fei. Her peerless beautiful face had a hint of frustration as she replied, “I’m sorry, Master Fei, in my opinion these two [Fragmented Rubies] have no difference. Whether comparing size or the elemental power stored within, there is almost no difference.”

Fei listened and nodded.

He placed the gems back into storage and didn’t say anything else.

But deep inside his heart, Fei couldn’t help but feel a burst of ecstasy.

This was because of the two rubies, one was picked out from that metal box of the sorcerer’s stones that Zola dedicated to him, and the other one was a drop from a boss in the Diablo world. Originally, when Fei first saw the sorcerer’s stone, he already felt that it was about the same as the gem in the Diablo World, but he wasn’t very sure at that moment. But now through Elena’s appraisal, Fei could be 100% certain that the sorcerer’s stone of Azeroth continent was the same type as the elemental gem in the Diablo world.

This discovery allowed Fei to come up with a new plan.

The gemstones in the metal box Zola contributed had at least three to four hundred, which represented a rare wealth. If he waited later to finish the series of quests at [Lut Gholein] and obtain the crafting chest [Horadric’s Cube], he would be able to use these fragmented gems to mass produce strong magic power [Perfect Gems], and inlaying them on some equipment could definitely greatly enhance the magic stat of that equipment.

Now that Fei’s doubts were substantially cleared, he prepared to go to [Lut Gholein] to level up.

“Elena, you should go first and prepare; get the armor and weapons ready. I will take you and leave the Rogue Continent to the eastern city [Lut Gholein] to take a look, hehe, and kill some high level demons on the way. Maybe we will have some surprise harvests,” Fei smiled and said.

“Desert Pearl [Lut Gholein]?”

Elena heard and rejoiced, not hiding the surprised look on her face at all. After all, she was just a young girl in her 20s. She was always living on the Rogue Continent–a barren place–since birth, and she had always looked forward to visiting the legendary magnificent city Desert Pearl [Lut Gholein]. The moment she heard that Fei was taking her to [Lut Gholein], she happily jumped up like a little girl and quickly went to prepare.

Fei saw this scene and was also infected by Elena’s excitement, and his heart suddenly became relaxed.

While Elena was preparing equipment and weapons, Fei found the white-bearded perverted old man Kane and was ready to ask him about the appraisal status of the silver face man’s equipment and the 4-star wood element sorcerer Evans’ storage ring.

However, from afar he had already seen that wretched man being in a state of mania, lost in appraising the equipment, drooling in front of the equipment and storage ring as he muttered to himself crazily. Seeing Fei’s arrival, he didn’t even raise his head and simply looked feverishly and said to himself, “This is really incredible! It’s a new kind of magic type, demon-injecting techniques… and it really works… Ahhhhh, what’s happening?”

Fei looked and knew that the old man had run into some difficulties. The appraisal work hadn’t paid off yet, and to avoid being caught by tons of questions, Fei turned around and left right away.

Fei found the beautiful big chested NPC blacksmith Qiaxi again at the Rogue Encampment’s northeast corner. In fact, now it was difficult for Fei to treat these people at Rogue Encampment as NPCs, because all of them had such realistic personalities and wisdom. After spending quite some time with them, Fei felt as if they were friends by his side.

After the big chested female blacksmith Charsi helped Fei retrieve the magical iron hammer, she had always been very passionate towards him. Under Charsi ’s look of excitement and disbelief, Fei took out a few [Fragmented Gems] from his storage space and handed it to her, as if he was from a rich family and was throwing away money. He said in a coquettish tone, “Hey Charsi

, I think these dozen gems can be helpful to you when forging magic equipment.”

“It’s actually… Oh my god, it’s actually the legendary elemental gems… But… But Master Fei, I still haven’t mastered the magical iron hammer’s power, and… my forging skill is still at a very low level. I might waste these precious elemental gems…”

“Haha, no problem. These gems are just for you to practice with.”

“What? Using the legendary element gems to… practice? I… I…” Charsi staggered, as she thought that she heard it wrong.

Last Chapter

1 out of the 2 chaps on the house this week.

Btw I didn’t update the donation progress bar yet, right now it’s at 3 chaps in queue.



* * *





Chapter 90




Chapter 90: Thoughts on Strength Improvement

As an absolute show-off, Fei really enjoyed the worship of a plump and vibrant beauty like Charsi. So, when he saw the female blacksmith Charsi’s jaw-dropping expression, he suddenly felt that the splurge was all worth it with a desired return.

So, he unabashedly became excited.

“Hehe, haha, yes, it’s just for you to use for practice, don’t be pressured in the slightest. Even if you waste them all, it’s fine because I have collected a large quantity of these kind of gems. Haha, you just need to give it your all and master the power of the magic iron hammer as fast as possible and improve your forging skill’s level… Hehe, I’m still waiting for the great blacksmith Ms. Charsi to forge powerful magic equipments for me.”

“That… Well, master Fei, I… don’t know what to say… Thank you so much… From now on… for any of your repairs or forging services, I won’t charge you a single coin.” The big chested blacksmith Charsi was completely moved by Fei’s generosity at the moment, and she became a little incoherent and thanked him, “Dear master, you can take your pick of any equipment here.”

Fei was overjoyed.

To be honest, ever since he could enter the second big map in the Diablo world [Lut Gholein], the equipment here at Charsi’s place was a bit behind for Fei. The reason Fei was being this nice to Charsi was because he in fact cared about Charsi as a person —- or to be a bit specific, it was Charsi’s blacksmith identity.

Everything he did before was to win this big chested pretty lady Charsi’s friendship, since a blacksmith that could forge magic equipment, whether it was in the Diablo world or in Azeroth continent’s Chambord city, was a treasure that couldn’t be ignored. Although Charsi right now was just a normal blacksmith, she possessed a mysterious iron hammer, and she was also very talented herself, with limitless future development. Now that she had gained Fei’s support, her future career advancements from an ordinary blacksmith to a forger was not impossible. That way, she would play a vital role in Fei’s future plan.

This is a investment for the future.

The so-called element gems in the Diablo world was priceless and considered as a legendary treasure, but it wasn’t uncommon in the Azeroth continent, otherwise Zola and Luciano, the 3-star power church members wouldn’t be able to get such a large chest of it.

When the two were chatting and smiling, the pretty mercenary Elena already finished packing and waved in the distance. Fei was tight on time, so he said goodbye to Qaxi, turned around and left.

But when he got to Elena, he was shocked.

He had just saw that the beautiful mercenary Elena had not only prepared equipment and weapons, but also carried many other things in big and small bags. There was a black little pot for making rice, refined steel support, some firewood, all sorts of vegetables and dry meat, and a few pieces of thick tarps for tent-making, tent poles, etc. For easier carrying, Elena even got a white milk cow with yellow patterns from the rogue camp and pulled a medium wooden cart.

More than a dozen beautiful young girls surrounded the wooden cart and stood beside Elena with tears, reluctantly saying goodbye to sister Elena.

“Uh… What are you guys doing?” Fei suddenly had black lines on his head. (TL: it’s like the sticker of a guy with vertical black lines on his head)

“These are things that will come in handy on the journey to [Lut Gholein]…” A petite and lovely little girl used a look used when looking at idiots and towards Fei and said, “The journey crosses numerous mountains and cliffs, as well as the vast desert of death. It is a very dangerous two thousand mile journey, so you guys probably have to take 2 to 3 months. You can’t be careless on the supply aspect.”

“Yes Master Fei, you must take good care of sister Elena…” The other girls were also concerned and said, “Of course master, you must be careful yourself as well. I heard that Diablo blocked the mountain road, and the journey will be very dangerous and entrenched with countless demons and monsters!”

Fei, “…”

He didn’t have time to explain too much, so reached out and pulled Elena’s slender and jade-like hands, ignoring the others’ blushing expressions and applause. They ran all the way to the front of the boat operator Warriv, picked the [Go east] option in the dialogue, and then a light flashed, and the blue clothed Warriv suddenly disappeared from the crowd’s attention.

The other people were all stunned.

“So after killing Anderson Keli’er, that most useless man in the encampment Warriv actually obtained such an amazing ability… That’s too amazing; could we go to [Lut Gholein] through him too?”

…

…

[Lut Gholein]

Elena curiously checked out this city that only existed in Rogue Encampment’s legend.

However, what made her a little disappointed was that the “Pearl of the desert” city wasn’t as bustling and prosperous as described by the touring journalists, but rather it was filled with a bleak atmosphere. The wind blew with yellow sand, and the magnificent street couldn’t conceal the messy street. There were very few pedestrians, and the few people they occasionally met were dull and lifeless, and even worse than the people at [Rogue Encampment].

However, Fei’s time in the Diablo world was limited, so he didn’t have time for Elena to check out this “Pearl of the Desert” and took her straight out of the city into the wilderness. Going all the way north to trek through the [Rocky Waste], they ultimately found the [Halls of the Dead] located at the [Dry Hills], and then habitually began the endless killings.

The quest this time was to find the [Horadric Cube] inside [Halls of the Dead]’s underground maze.

This incredible cubical box was an indispensable thing to complete other quests. Beside that, to Fei this stone box also had other more important roles, such as synthesizing Azeroth Continent’s high level sorcerer’s stones and other important equipment and supplies.

Countless monsters wandered in the [Halls of the Dead]’s underground maze.

The monsters here were much higher than the Rogue Encampment’s level in both attack and defense, and most of them were all new faces. Some looked like a skeleton called [Revived Souls], some were tanky and burst poisonous mists after death named [zombie], and some looked exactly like the past life Egypt mythology’s death god mummy which had the ability to summon skeletons.

The endless killings continued.

Time flew by during the endless shrill screaming, blood splashing, bone stubble flying, and potions and equipment were constantly dropped.

Just when Fei’s 4 hour time limit was about to come, the two of them finally made their way into the underground maze’s 3rd level, which was only a few chambers away from the biggest boss [Blood Witch the Wild] which kept the [Horadric’s cube].

Fei calculated the time and estimated that he wouldn’t be able to kill the boss before he was forced to leave the Diablo world, so he might as well have stopped right now and used the transportation portal and directly returned to [Lut Gholein]. He found the blue clothed Warriv, chose the [Go west] option and instantly teleported back to [Rogue Encampment].

He gave the equipment he collected from this killing to Elena to let her take care of it. Then, Fei found a quiet place, traded some portions from the mysterious cold voice, and the time had just ended and he opened the portal and directly left the Diablo world.

…

Chambord City, King’s Hall.

Fei sat highly on the throne and was rethinking his leveling strategy.

In just 4 hours, the barbarian character finally slowly reached level 21. Fei gave the one skill point to Brutal Strike, and his strength had improved once again.

During this process, Fei begun to realize that after reaching level 20, the exp needed for the character to level was higher and higher, so the leveling process became slower and slower. In the past, 4 hours of time was enough to level up 2 or 3 times, but now 4 hours wasn’t enough to level once, even when he entered higher level maps. His leveling speed was still overwhelmingly reduced, and that meant that Fei’s increase in strength in the real world inevitably became harder and slower.

“Maybe I should change my perspective, temporarily hold off leveling the barbarian character and start leveling the other 6 classes…” This idea flashed in Fei’s mind.

After all, in Diablo, every class had its speciality and had many unique skills, but they all had their own advantages and disadvantages. If Fei could use his knight, priest, druid, necromancer, amazon and rogue to all master the [Rogue Encampment] map and gather all 7 professions’ skills to one to complement each other, then his strength would probably be stronger than just focusing on the barbarian. This could be seen by how one need multiple players of different professions to work together in order to kill bosses, and in the previous battle in Chambord ,there was also an obvious example – during the stone bridge battle, Fei relied on the priest and barbarian skill combo to kill 3-star sword man Langde..

And as Fei also guessed, if he could really beat the [Rogue Encampment] map with the 7 professions, maybe he could get some huge reward from that mysterious voice, and that was more than worth the wait.

Of course, Fei also thought of other ways.

To the Diablo world’s characters, one’s own strength wasn’t really dependent on one’s level; the quality of equipment was also very important. A powerful set of equipment could enhance a character’s strength significantly, and in a stand-alone game like this, if one want to get good equipment, in addition to the normal monster grinding, buying powerful equipment from NPC merchants was also a great shortcut.

However, the question of where he could obtain such a large amount of gold coins came to his mind.

Fei eventually had his eyes set on the [Horadric’s Cube] and the sorcerer’s stone. Now, Fei needed to get information on something to determine whether his idea was feasible. If it really was as he thought, then Fei could have countless gold coins.

Last Chapter

2 chaps on the house delivered.

Gonna go bang Fish Balls now, I mean, wat?



* * *





Chapter 91




Chapter 91: Before the Celebration

Time ran by fast.

The normally quiet as a picture Chambord city had gradually become lively.

In less than 4 days, the young King Alexander would be 18 years old and could accept the Zenit Empire’s emperor’s conferment and officially occupy the throne and become the 8th king of Chambord City.

In the past two weeks, Chambord City had gone through too many things, and in that process, Alexander incredibly rose from a ridiculed idiot to a true king inside the hearts of the Chambord citizens. Because of this, the whole country had been looking forward to this day.

As time approached, everyone was happily preparing for the king’s ascension.

Anything would have to give way for the ceremony, and even the two military giants officials Bast and Brooke who were incredibly busy coping with the upcoming military and political reform also put down their heavy workload and began fully focusing on the preparations for King Alexander’s ascension to the throne.

In accordance with Chambord city’s tradition, the location of the ceremony was chosen to be on the summit of the Eastern Mountain inside the city. Four days later when the first ray of golden sun shined from the sea of clouds would be the moment that Alexander ascends the throne.

Although Fei repeatedly urged for the ceremony to be simple, there was still a large number of materials used for the celebration, and they were carried by a continuous flow of workers up the mountain. Everyone put in an effort, wanting to prepare this as the grand event of Chambord City. Alexander’s past performance has completely won the hearts of all residents, and most people were more than willing to accept the rule from such a kind-hearted king from the bottom of their hearts. All men and women, young and old, all fought to be the first ones to contribute; the wealthy ones contributed money, the muscular ones contributed with labor, the merchants contributed items, and the general population contributed many people to all join the preparation army for this celebration.

What surprised many people was that Chambord City’s Holy Church’s Priest Zola and Luciano knight also joined the service army, and the monks and knights all showed unprecedented enthusiasm, providing a lot of financial support. Zola and Luciano also personally boarded the summit of the Eastern Mountain, doing their morning prayers every morning with an extremely devout attitude, as if the one ascending the throne in 4 days was not Alexander, but rather Pope Sergiyeli.

At the same time, there were also guests from afar that came to the Chambord City.

After hearing news of Alexander entering adulthood and ascending the throne, many small countries around Chambord city that were affiliated with the Zenit Empire also sent messengers to congratulate him. Of course, Zenit empire had 250 affiliated countries, so the ones that came to congratulate him was just a very small portion. After all, Chambord city was only a tier 6 subsidiary city, and it was still a question of whether it could maintain its tier 6 subsidiary city status in the upcoming empire war practice drills. The weak needed no diplomacy, and it was the same law in Azeroth Continent.

……

Morning, birds singing among the flowers’ scent.

King’s Discussion Hall.

In the little pond in the middle of the hall, clean water was running, and red fish playfully wagged their tails. On the stone chairs on two sides of the pond sat the leaders of Chambord city who were currently having a meeting for King Alexander’s upcoming Ascension Ceremony.

This was an extended meeting; in addition to the military officials and nobility, there were also highly respected people that were invited to attend the meeting.

On the first stone chair on the left hand side below the throne, the herald Bast was summarizing the information he had complied.

“… Sereith City’s Prince Aobiner, Lake City’s Prince Modric, Shenhua City’s Prince…” Old handsome Bast said about 20 countries’ name in one breath, looked up, and slowly looked at everyone in the stone chairs as he continued, “This is the messenger list of all the countries that came to congratulate King Alexander’s official acceptation of canonization.”

“Tier 3 Subsidiary City’s Sereith City also sent someone?” Brooke who sat on the right hand side’s first chair listened and slightly frowned, as if he thought of something. He said in surprise, “weren’t they good buddies with the Block Stone City? Even one of the so-called [Five Eagles] of the 250 Subsidiary City Princes’ Prince Aobina was sent here?”

“Five eagles?” Fei very sensitively caught this term.

“Yes, your Majesty. In the 250 subsidiary cities in Zenit Empire, various young elites emerged among the various royal families’ princes. They are all incredibly talented and have also been vigorously cultivated by the royal families, and the people that had nothing better to do grouped their names together and called them the [Ten Elites], [Nine Warriors], [Eight Pro], [Seven Wolves], [Six Heroes], [Five Eagles], [Four Blades], [Three Mad], [Two Hidden], [One Sword]. Sereith City’s little prince Aobina is one of the [Five Eagles]’s [Wing Eagle] and is rumored to have reached the four-star level of strength. Besides, this Sereith City is a tier 3 subsidiary city, but they have always been really close with our sworn enemy Black Rock City, so they can be considered as one of our potential enemies. I didn’t think that they would actually send someone to see your Majesty’s ceremony, and of all the people, they sent the [Wing Eagle] Aobina… I suspect that they aren’t up to any good and have ill intent.

Brook heard Fei’s question and immediately stood up and briefly explained the origin of the [Five Eagles], as well as Chambord’s and Sereith’s relationship.

Fei nodded and understood the general idea.

A small tier 3 subsidiary city that actually had a prince of the 4-star strength surprised Fei a little. Besides the [Five Eagles], there were also the [Ten Elites], [Nine Warriors], [Eight Pro], [Seven Wolves], [Six Heroes], [Four Blades], [Three Mad], [Two Hidden], [One Sword]. These people were obviously not some insignificant characters, especially the 10 people in front of the 4-star level [Five Eagles]; their power was obviously terrifying.

This discovery made Fei suddenly feel a sense of urgency and made him feel like a little frog sitting at the bottom of a well… He originally thought that Chambord city had been developing pretty well recently, but now that he looked closely, it wasn’t close to being enough. It still wasn’t enough to just rely on the “Hulk Potion”.

“But in addition, tier 4 Lake City has always been very close to Chambord. Lake City’s King Blanco and your Majesty’s father had a very close relationship, calling each other brothers. This time, the little prince Modric that came to congratulate is only 16 years old, but is already recognized to be one of the [Ten Elites], with a pinnacle 2-star strength and an immeasurable future. I think your Majesty should personally meet Prince Modric,” Bast suggested.

“Okay. On the matter of the reception of the embassy, you will arrange everything and let me know the result.”

Fei’s head was getting a little big from this kind of conference. Countless little things piled up and became cumbersome. He thought for a second, and directly left the mess to his future father-in-law Bast, Brooke and the others, and then he shamelessly patted his butt and directly fled from the hall.

In the hall, everyone looked at each other in an awkward silence.

There were so many people in this world who wanted to ascend to the throne this high, and after they got the throne, many of them would hold on to their power tightly in fear of sharing a tiny bit with others. However, Alexander was the exact opposite, and hid away from the power like it was a disease. This king was really unique, but who would help the ministers inside the hall get out of the awkward atmosphere?

“Let’s… continue our discussion.”

Bast shook his head with a wry smile, “I will report the final details to His Majesty and make a decision later.”

Chambord City’s back mountain, Original Steel Prison Water Dungeon Square.

This place had long been classified as forbidden and completely blocked. Of course, there seemed to be nothing wrong from the outer appearance. The guards were just like before; there were only 4 or 5 extremely and relaxed soldiers lazily scattered at the entrance of the stone castle. But in the dark, the 22 warriors were following a strange pattern around all sides of the mountain paths patrolling, and not even a mosquito could get in undetected.

As the king, Fei smoothly entered the forbidden ground with no resistance and went straight down into the underground stone cave maze.

The originally dark underground stone cave had significantly changed.

In comparison to the quiet outside, the inside was much more active, with rattling sounds of stone and metal clanging all over the place. Prison official Oleg and King’s Bodyguard Army Leader were currently commanding hundreds of carefully selected fine soldiers–according to the blueprints on beast skins provided by Fei–to completely re-repair this water prison.

The 100 workers that worked here were all elites chosen by Brooke in accordance to Fei’s order. They had a clean background, were loyal and reliable, and after being refined by the diluted [Hulk Potion], their strength significantly improved. Although none of them had yet to level up to star-level warriors, each of their physical bodies had reached over thousands of pounds. They were tyrannically strong, clearly comparable to the 22 warriors from the previous stone bridge battle. They were also trained by a master like Peter-Cech, so they had begun to take form as the prototype of an Iron Army.

The originally eerie and terrifying water prison had changed its look bit by bit.

The blood-stained iron fences and torture instruments had been removed. In the skyscraper interior-like huge stone hall that was deep into the corridor, a dozen iron furnaces had been set up. The best blacksmiths in Chambord city brought their best apprentices, and along with the help of the soldiers, they continuously sent the iron fences into the furnace to be melted. Following the drawings provided by Fei, they created new strange looking things. These things weren’t swords or armor; most were just strange instruments and gadgets that most people didn’t know about.

Last Chapter

Chapter on the house homies~





* * *





Chapter 92




Chapter 92: Mysterious Transformation of the Underground Cave

In the deep corridor, the captain of the King’s bodyguard army Peter Cech exposed his strong upper body. His muscles stood out like rocks, and his lower body was wearing Fei’s design, which were straight breeches that had recently swept the entire Chambord city as a fashion leader. He waved a giant iron hammer of at least five hundred kilograms like a windmill; in the roar of the loud noises, the dirty yellow color of his muscles were flashing, and Cech was like a violent humanoid excavator, smashing down steel fences within the endless rumbling noises and caused by the demolition work.

At this time, Cech had completely digested the remnants of the [Hulk Potion] left inside his body, and the faint green color on the surface of his skin had disappeared. He had also erased the miserable mental state from before and got his muscles to sturdy up. In addition to his physical strength, through the days and nights of hard training, he even returned to his past pinnacle 2-star power. To be able to recover to the peak of his power within only a dozen days, it still mainly had to do with the strength he originally had. In the past, Cech was recognized to be number one among 2-stars in terms of defense with his air-tight horizontal lock-down sword style. Besides, he originally had some talent in terms of leading an army, so Cech’s recovery meant that Fei gained another talent that could lead an army on his own besides Brooke.

The prison official Oleg’s chubby body shuttled back and forth among the crowd.

As if affected by Cech’s naked body style, the prison official also exposed his upper body, and whenever there were huge stones or steel that couldn’t be moved due to being too heavy, Oleg would jiggle his fat and laugh, and then personally join in to help, showing off the great power he gained after being transformed with the [Hulk Potion].

Just like Fei, this guy was also a show off.

Whenever hearing the soldiers exclaiming and talking, Oleg would always look triumphant. Perhaps it was also because of this kind of heart, that although his power stayed at around 1 star, his physical strength had actually crazily grown to 2 stars, as if he spent all the effects of the [Hulk Potion] onto his physical body’s transformation. Right now, Oleg even had a ferocious and sturdy scent and developed a six-pack, completely changing from his obnoxiously fat man image from half month ago.

Seeing from afar how this greedy and coward-like fatty actually became close with the soldiers and even got some respect from the veterans, Fei was slightly surprised, but also satisfied that fat Oleg was on his journey to return to grace, but wasn’t he running a bit too f**king fast? It was like a fart that blew all the dust away!

“King Alexander!”

“His Majesty!”

Seeing Fei’s arrival, the face of worshiping a god emerged on all the soldiers’ faces, and they all bowed and saluted. Fei walked very slowly and greeted them all with a smile. After a few days of contact, he could now accurately call out the names of every soldier. That was also a small means of capturing the hearts of the soldiers. After all, when the young soldiers heard that His Majesty actually knew their names, they would always feel touched to the point that their blood boiled.

The demolition work at the water prison was still being carried out in an intense but orderly manner.

This time, Fei brought back some second stage forging blueprints and gave them to the busy blacksmiths.

Among the 30 or so blacksmiths in Chambord city, the best one and also the most respected one was a middle-aged man named Samuel. His short black hair shot up like needles and he was usually pretty quiet and as stable as a boulder, so people liked calling him Rock. His personality was pretty dull, but he was very loyal to friends and very kind; he was the type of typical rough man that had a cold outside but a warm heart.

On the edge of the hot iron stove, Samuel carefully looked at the drawings on the beast skins that His Majesty gave to him, and his eyebrows frowned tightly into a ball. He stopped the work in his hand and began thinking; he was sometimes surprised and sometimes confused, and the two facial expressions just kept alternating.

Seeing how interesting his face was, Fei couldn’t help but jump in and explain those drawings one by one, and then also carefully reminded the detailed problems that needed attention during the forging process. Samuel stayed silent; his talent was very high as a blacksmith, and he was often capable of reaching enlightenment with just a brief pointer. After hearing Fei to the end, his eyebrows finally relaxed, and it seemed like he finally realized what should be done and kept on nodding, “Your Majesty, please rest assured. We can build these iron tools within 10 days for sure.”

Fei smiled and said, “These days you guys have been really working hard. Time is tight and the task is heavy, so if you guys have any requests for pay or accommodation, feel free to request it to Oleg and he will satisfy everyone.”

Upon hearing His Majesty’s generous promise, the blacksmiths cheered.

Fei carefully examined the whole underground cave, made slight adjustments to his design according to the actual situation, and then summoned Cech and Oleg to his side and walked towards the king’s palace hall that was already set up in the giant stone hall.

He has something to say to both of them.

But, when Fei walked past the iron stove, he suddenly had another idea.

In fact, Samuel and the other blacksmiths in Chambord city were forging some large-scale heavy equipment. They were a bit simple and easier to forge, but for those small gears, screws, and other small fine and difficult parts, Fei gave them to the female blacksmith Charsi in the Diablo world so that they wouldn’t be a problem. When the time came, he would just have to think of a way to exchange these items out of the Diablo world.

However, exchanging items out of the Diablo world was too costly and needed a lot of gold coins. If he could do something for Charsi and Elena to come to the real world, then it would all be good. That would not only save a significant amount of exchange fee, but Fei could also let Rock Samuel follow Charsi and learn some superb forging skills. For the current Chambord city, skilled craftsmen were needed most after skilled warriors, so it would be best to let the big chested girl Charsi train a group of talents in this field as soon as possible.

This idea flew past Fei’s mind and made him instantly think of a lot of other things, so he decided to actually try out this plan in the near future.

The three men came to a comfortable stone chamber inside the cave that was the temporary palace for His Majesty.

Fei took out another bottle of [Hulk Potion] and gave it Cech, letting him follow the previous method to once again dilute it into clear water and let the soldiers unconsciously drink it.

These 100 soldiers were now the secret force of the Chambord city. After taking the potion during the first stage, their bodies had been transformed almost to the point where they were ready for the second transformation. Unfortunately, due to people like Cech and Brooke taking a large quantity for their first dose, their potential had been completely revealed, so taking the [Hulk Potion] again wouldn’t have any more effects. If Fei wanted to enhance their strength further, he needed to think of other ways.

Cech held the [Hulk Potion] and was about to leave when Fei suddenly thought of something.

He suddenly stopped Cech and said, “Oh right Peter, among those several blacksmiths, if there are any loyal and reliable people, you can also let them take some of the diluted [Hulk Potion]. If their physical body strength gets increased to the same level of the soldiers, the forging tasks later on will also be completed quicker.”

With a pleasant surprise in Cech’s eyes, he bowed and left with the order.

There were only Fei and Oleg left in the hall.

Fei looked up and down on Oleg several times, and his eyes stopped at the 6-pack of this fat man for a second. He checked him out until Oleg couldn’t stand straight anymore due to how uncomfortable it was to be checked out by another man, and then Fei finally nodded with satisfaction and said, “Very good, you are good, very good… Oleg, you are a wise man, you know what I’m talking about, right?”

Oleg nodded.

Of course he understood what the phrase “very good” His Majesty was referring to.

Presently, the power structure within Chambord city has been re-established. The former commander-in-chief Bazel became a wanted fugitive offender of the country, and his accomplices had all been killed either under the hands of His Majesty himself or by the two giants Bast and Brooke. If one was to say that one person escaped, it would be Oleg. His body was also deeply marked with a Bazel clan mark, and as one of the main evildoers he originally couldn’t escape punishment. But just because His Majesty remembered Oleg’s participation at the stone bridge war, the King used his personal prestige and saved his worthless life once. His Majesty always hoped that Oleg could be reformed and use actions to change how people used to look at him and seek their forgiveness and ultimately merge into the leading group at Chambord city. Otherwise, despite having His Majesty’s support, Oleg’s existence would always be a thorn, deeply rooted inside the core power of Chambord city and potentially cause internal strife.

Oleg had long understood of King Alexander’s hard planning. He’s was smart fatty, and at least he had his own way to manage relationships with people and naturally knew how to win the recognition of Brooke and the other good people. So during this period of time, he tried very hard to do everything right, and he did indeed do a lot of good deeds which finally had an effect, helping him gain the recognition of most people in the Chambord city.

“Oleg thanks Your Majesty for the reform opportunity.”

Thinking of all of that, Oleg’s heart was full of affection.

This time, this fat suck-up kneeled down to the ground for a standard bow, without gorgeous rhetoric and kissing Fei’s boots.

It was also at this moment that he found his inner peace and finally understood at that moment: only if a spine was always upright and solemnly bent down in front of His Majesty, could it be regarded as true respect; on the contrary, a spine that could bend down any moment wouldn’t mean much in front of his king; it wouldn’t be glory, but rather an insult.

Last Chapter

Chapter on the house homiesssssss



* * *





Chapter 93




Chapter 93: Huh? Where are the people?

Fei watched Oleg’s performance and knew that this fatty really understood his thoughts this time and he nodded pleasantly.

He didn’t say anything anymore.

With a sudden thought, Fei placed a red sorcerer’s stone on the table in front of him and asked, “Come take a look, do you recognize this thing?”

“This is a low-grade fire elemental sorcerer’s stone.”

Oleg showed a little trace of surprise and honestly replied.

“Well, since you recognize it, then let’s talk about it. About the sorcerer’s stone, how much do you know?”

Oleg didn’t know why His Majesty suddenly started asking about the sorcerer’s stone, but he didn’t dare to neglect at all, and after a little thought he started replying, “The sorcerer’s stone is a magical stone rich with elemental strength, and according to the quality it can be categorized into low-grade, medium grade, high-grade, perfect and legendary grade. In the land of Azeroth, a sorcerer’s stone was a symbol of wealth above gold and silver coins, especially to the many sorcerers and warriors. A sorcerer’s stone’s worth was above coins, because sorcerers could use its elemental power to enhance their magic stats, build magic arrays, make magic scrolls and equipment, and warriors could extract the elemental powers to enhance their energy storage capacity and the speed at which their energy was condensed into star levels…”

“Oh?” Fei was surprised for a second and then said, “Then according to what you said, warriors can also use their magic stones to increase their energy level?”

“Yes, your Majesty.”

“Well… Okay, tell me more about the different grades of sorcerer’s stones. Can they achieve a certain percentage of conversion rate among them?”

“Of course, your Majesty, the Sorcerer’s Stone’s quality is mainly dependent on the level of energy it contains. Generally speaking, a medium-grade sorcerer’s stone’s elemental energy storage is 100 times low-grade ones, and the high-grade is 100 times the storage of the medium grade, and perfect-grade has 100 times more storage than the high-grade storage. Of course, that’s just a general standard.”

Oleg was very slow with the explanation, trying his best to make his answer seem detailed.

“… the conversion ratio between different ranks of the magic stone originally follows the ratio of 1:100 too, however, most of the time, because the quantity of higher quality magic stones is relatively less, things usually can’t be measured buy the amount of energy contained, and higher grade stones can be traded for a little over 100 lower grade ones. In the case of some special events such as an outbreak of war, high grade sorcerer’s stones can be used to make large magic scrolls, and with increased demand during war, sorcerer’s stones of different grade’s conversion rate can go up to 1:150 or even 1:200.”

Fei suddenly felt incredibly happy.

His previous guess was verified, and that meant his plan could also be successfully implemented.

Clearly, the so-called low, medium, high, perfect, legendary grade 5 types of sorcerer’s stones respectively corresponded to the Diablo world’s [Chipped Gem], [Flawed Gem], [Regular Gem], [Flawless Gem], [Perfect Gem] five types of gems. But in the Diablo world, every tier of gem could be upgraded at the conversion ratio of 3:1. Then, Fei just needed to find [Horadric Cube] at [Lut Gholein]’s Halls of Dead, and then he would be able to freely upgrade high grade [Perfect Gems], and then take advantage of the giant difference in conversion rate between the real world and the Diablo world to acquire huge profits.

“In our Chambord city, are there any channels for exchanging sorcerer’s stones?”

Fei tries to suppress the excitement in his heart and continued asking.

“Your Majesty, the exchange of sorcerer’s stones can indeed be performed in some large business market groups, but Chambord city is relative remote, so very few large trading groups would come visit us here. If we want to exchange sorcerer’s stones, we must send out a trade team outside to initiate contact.”

“So, now there’s no channel readily available for sorcerer’s stone trading?” Fei was a little disappointed.

“Let me think… Yes, there is a way, you can do it at the Holy Church, but it is generally open to the people outside of the Holy Church.” Oleg thought for a while and said.

Church?

Fei’s eyes suddenly brightened up.

An idea suddenly came to his mind.

“Alright, you are dismissed… Oh right, the transformation process of the underwater prison should be appropriately accelerated, but we can’t let the soldiers and blacksmiths feel too tired. Remember, on the food and pay side of things for our people, we must not dissatisfy them. As for what to do in detail, I think you know very well already. If you get me trouble, watch how I beat your ass.” Fei smiled and said.

Oleg was also a smart man, and he knew that His Majesty smiling and swearing at the same time meant that his Majesty was quite satisfied with his performance these days, so he nodded, respectfully bowed, and turned around and exited the hall.

Fei sat quietly and thought that since there was nothing that he needed to take care of here, and since it was also about time, he simply ordered the guards to hold the stone hall’s entrance to prohibit anyone from entering, and then directly opened the portal and entered the Diablo world.

…

…

Diablo World.

Deep inside the [Dry Hills] outside of [Lut Gholein].

[Halls of Dead]’s third underground floor.

Fei brought beauty mercenary Elena and finally came here again.

[Halls of Dead] was an underground tomb, and its layout was somewhat similar to the underground at the back mountain of Chambord City; it was also a buried underground stone maze, but it was much more gorgeous and magnificent than the one in Chambord city. Here there was a long corridor, and the walls of the corridor were engraved with some fuzzy murals, telling of the prosperous ancient times. In addition to the murals, there were giant pillars everywhere. On the secret chamber’s door were some carved strange magic characters, and the power of the elemental magic was somewhat hidden and present; with just a little touch the door would sink into the ground with a loud noise, revealing the internal space of the chamber behind the stone door.

Fei had a health potion bottle in his mouth and used himself as a meat shield to block off the chamber’s entrance, preventing the mass of monsters inside from coming out as he waved the giant axes in his hand. The frost bolts were also fired from Elena’s hands through Fei’s hair and accurately landed on the monsters in front of them.

The two had already cooperated with each other in this kind of environment many times and had long been familiar with this place. A glance and an action was all they needed to produce numerous sparks, and that was the so-called best partners.

Under such cooperation, the chief boss [Blood Witch the Wild] finally couldn’t hold anymore, wailed and sprayed out blood, and then fell into the pool of blood on the ground filled with resentment.

And as she fell, a light “ding dong” ring was heard, the light gold color shined, and a dark gold box with a mysterious pattern engraved appeared on the ground, flashing a dizzy and mysterious grey light.

“It’s the [Horadric Cube]!”

Fei was overjoyed, as he ignored the gold equipment and 3 blue equipment that were also dropped. He went up and picked up the [Horadric Cube] as if he picked up a peerless treasure, carefully checked it back and forth, and then he finally calmed down.

Judging from the outside, [Horadric Cube] was a box forged with dark steel, 20 cm in both length and width, and the body of the box was covered up with dark yellow color metal bands, forming ancient and simple patterns, like a vine wrapped around the box. It looked very heavy, at least about 3 to 4 pounds, but in Fei’s hand it felt as light as a feather.

Fei quickly opened the [Horadric Cube], and inside the box was another dimension, with 12 spaces with 3 in width and 4 in height, just like the computer game from the past.

He couldn’t wait and got the long prepared 3 [Chipped Gems] from his bad, closed the box, then pressed the palm of his hand on the S-shaped pattern at the top of the box and injected a little magic power into it.

An indescribable sound of nature came to their ears.

When they reopened the box, the magical upgrading effect of the [Horadric Cube] really worked, Fei just saw that the three [Chipped Gems] that were originally placed inside the box had turned into a [Flawed] Gem, and from the appearance point of view it was much better than the [Chipped Gems], and the elemental energy contained inside also achieved a vigorous growth of 100 times… The legendary artifact [Horadric Cube] really worked!

Fei felt greatly assured.

This marked that his money-making plan had completed more than a big half.

Now that they got the [Horadric Cube], Fei is no longer in a hurry to complete the next missions on the list, he already adjusted the future leveling strategy, so he took Elena directly back to the [Rogue Encampment], then shut himself in his temporary tent, and began the “gem synthesis plan”.

During the process, Fei quietly opened the portal numerous times, coming back and forth out of the Diablo world and the real world over 30 or 40 times, using the Barbarian’s inventory space and took more than half of the sorcerer stones that Zola contributed before into the Diablo World, and chose a portion of it to start the synthesis process.

After about half an hour later, Fei finished synthesizing 10 [Flawed Gems], 10 [Regular Gems], 10 [Flawless Gems] and 2 [Perfect Gems], and then he sold the rest of the [Chipped Gems] at Akara’s place, receiving a total 50,000 gold coins in total, and together with the 30,000 gold coins he accumulated previously, now on Fei’s Barbarian character there was actually a large sum of 80,000 gold coins.

“Muahahahaha, I’m rich, I’m rich!”

With the money, he could purchase a set of super armor and powerful weapon equipment from senior NPCs at [Lut Gholein], and that way, the strength of the Barbarian character would absolutely instantly grow one or two times.

In the thought of excitement, without the slightest hesitation Fei directly walked out of the tent and found the Blue Cloth Warriv at the encampment, and was about to pick [Go East] towards [Lut Gholein]…

Just at that moment, a timid voice suddenly came to his ear.

“Sir Fei, please wait!”

“Sir, we also want to go visit [Lut Gholein], can you take us with you?”

“Yes, sir, please bring us, we promise that we won’t bring you trouble, we will only tour around the streets and see the style of the big city…”

More than a dozen young and beautiful female rogues flashed their big eyes and surrounded Fei, frequently flirting with Fei with their eyes. Last time these girls were surprised to find that Warriv could actually take someone and teleport them to the desert pearl [Lut Gholein] thousands of miles away, avoiding the two months of travel, and they were all extremely excited and all wanted to go tour around in the big city. But it turned out that Warriv’s teleport ability was actually useless to them, so they had no choice but to go ask Fei to take them.

Fei was completely trapped buy these beautiful women’s flirtatious eyes.

“No problem, I will take you guys, hahaha…”

So, Fei agreed to the requests of these rogues, and after talking to Warriv, he picked “Go East”. After a white light, Fei disappeared in front of the rogues’ eyes, but… these female rogues all looked at one another, and were stunned at the same spot.

[Lut Gholein].

“Hahaha, we are here. You guys can walk around in the city, but remember, do not go to the sewer or leave the city. All the monsters are very powerful, and you guys will be no match for them… Uh? Where are the people?”

Fei was just talking, but when he turned around to look, there’s actually no one standing behind him.

What happened?

Uh… Did those female rogues suddenly changed their mind and not come anymore?

Last Chapter

1st chapter on the house this week – only releasing 1 this week because midterms suck





* * *





Chapter 94




Chapter 94: Greatly Increased Strength

A burst of autumn wind blew up the autumn leaves, sending it flying in the wind.

“Uh… not even one followed? Are they kidding me? Sigh, you can never guess what girls are thinking. It doesn’t matter how many guesses you take, since you’ll never get it right…”

Noticing that these young and beautiful rogues didn’t follow him here, Fei looked sadly at the flying yellow sand and autumn leaves for a while. He thought that the girls suddenly changed their mind and decided not to travel, so he had no choice but to hum a little song as he walked across the big and small streets inside [Lut Gholein] and found the NPC Farah inside the city – she played the same role in [Lut Gholein] as the big chested beauty Charsi at [Rogue Encampment], a blacksmith. From her, Fei could buy higher level and more lethal weapons.

Fei opened the trade dialog box and began to sweep the goods.

He started with armor.

The [Arctic Furs] monster drop from before only had 48 defense and was now a little out of date. It was difficult to resist the sharp teeth and claws of higher level monsters and demons, so it was time to upgrade.

He carefully looked through everything and selected a set of 95 defense red color insect-patterned plate armor. This [Splint Mail] had double the defense of [Arctic Fur], but the price was also staggeringly high, costing Fei a full 20000 gold coins.

Aside from the plate armor, Fei also chose a Spartan-style high-level helmet with a T-shaped nose-guard. At the top of the helmet, there was a golden feather standing up, and the design abnormally looked fine. The helmet had 13 defense and +18% resistance to fire damage. There was also a pair of [Heavy Chain Boots] blue color level equipment that had +12 defense and a lot of other additional special effects against fire, thunder, and poison.

Armor, helmets, and heavy boots – Fei got all of them, and now he just needed a pair of powerful gloves to have a basic set. Unfortunately, after looking for a long time, Fei found that the gloves sold by NPC Farah here were all not up to his standard.

After a slight sigh, he quickly thought of a method – select and purchase a pair of white-scale beginner steel gloves, and then get [Rogue Encampment]’s female blacksmith Charsi to imbue it later. Previously after completing the mission of finding the magical iron hammer, Fei hadn’t used the enhancement reward up until now. Now, he would be able to get a pair of powerful gloves with high stats.

It was now time to replace his weapons.

Fei took his time and picked for a while, replacing the two-handed axe from before. He selected one purple and one greed broad sword that had the same length, separately called [Soul’s Massacre Claymore] and [Soul Gear’s Crystal Sword]. These two swords’ damage were all between 8-25. Even when comparing to the original exaggerated two-handed axe from before, the new combination was still stronger, and they were all blue color level equipment, so they had special effects of the 4 types of resistance and weapon accuracy. The two swords costed Fei a total of 19000 gold coins. Now, his barbarian character had already learned the [Double Swing] skill capable of using two swords at the same time. Not only was the effect of skill pretty sexy, but the damage was also more than doubled.

These two swords were the primary weapons Fei prepared for his barbarian character.

For his secondary weapon, the [Storm Sabre] and [Azure’s Spiked Shield] were all unequipped and sold by Fei. He chose a [Enhanced Light Iron Shield] with a cool holy knight’s iron cross-like symbol that had 22 defense and came with +3 resistance to all effects and 2 sockets, as well as a double-edged short axe called [Blood Splitting Double-edged Axe]. It had a single handed damage of 7-20, with an additional fire damage effect, +2 max damage, +41% max damage, and +32 weapon accuracy.

As a result, with the left handed shield and right handed axe, the secondary weapons’ damage was also more than doubled in attack power, and the effects that came with the weapons were simply amazing.

Finally, Fei spent 3000 gold coins and bought a 3 layer 16 grid large inventory. This way, transporting things from the real world to the Diablo world would be much easier.

This shopping trip costed Fei close to 60,000 gold coins, but he was compensated a bit for selling his old equipment, so now he had 35,000 gold coins left and could still be regarded as a slightly wealthy man.

Unfortunately, the NPCs here rarely sold rings, amulets and other small items, so Fei had no choice but to dismiss that desire. Right now, he had two rings and one amulet on him, but unfortunately they all had effects like increasing lighting area and weapon accuracy, so it wasn’t that useful, but at least it was better than nothing.

During this process, Fei finally confirmed one thing…

The NPCs at [Lut Gholein] didn’t have their own intelligence at all. If the people at [Rogue Encampment] gave him a feeling of it being a lively world, the feeling that this desert pearl gave to Fei was the complete opposite; it was like a single player version of the Diablo game. Every NPC dialogue and content was completely the same as his previous life’s video game, without the slightest difference, and not even a slight change in the tone. And in addition to the fixed dialogue, their facial expression was rigid, their emotions were stagnant, and they wouldn’t answer you anything, just like robots with a preset program.

“Why is that?”

No wonder why [Lut Gholein] gave off a lifeless feeling like a dead city… so that was actually the real reason. But as to the actual reason for the emergence of this phenomenon, Fei was puzzled, and he ultimately gave up and decided to just wait and see.

…

After putting on a brand new set of equipment, Fei suddenly felt that every pore on his body was surging out vigorous strength. Whether it was defense or attack, the stats had more than doubled with this new equipment. The effect was simply amazing after putting on the new set of equipment, achieving high standings in both aesthetics and utility.

Fei couldn’t help but think of the iconic anime “Saint Saiya” from his past life and all kinds of sacred clothing from the magical zodiacs. Thinking about that, he got an idea, making all the armor on his body become invisible, and then shouted, “Show-off Zodiac Cloth, fall on me”, and then he controlled all the armor on his body to show up piece by piece. This scene was almost exactly like in the anime when the bronze Saints summoned their clothes; bright lights shot out of the armor, and such a magnificent scene greatly satisfied Fei’s sick psychology.

With his hands reaching into the void, one green and one purple light flashed, and then two lethal giant swords appeared in Fei’s hands, making him feel like an elegant saint swordsman.

“Haha, these two swords, I will call them purple green duo swords from now on!”

Fei was fully armed, and with [Purple Green Duo Swords] he swept out of [Lut Gholein]’s city gate like a whirlwind and started a massacre in the wilderness, and those monsters that usually had to take 3 or 4 axe swings to kill now only needed one swing to eliminate them. The [Double Swing] skill raged a bladestorm, and he left behind a trail of bodies.

“With the current strength of the barbarian character, even if I faced with those 4-star elites, I would still have a big chance of winning.”

After about 10 minutes of killing and testing, Han fully understood his true strength at that time.

After finishing all this, without delay he went directly back to the city to find the blue clothed Warriv, chose [Go West], and then with a flash of blue light Fei returned to the [Rogue Encampment].

…

“Sir Fei, you are not a man of your words!”

“Sir, we just want to go see big city’s scenery, we definitely won’t bring you trouble, so just take us there once!”

“Sir, you can’t be so eccentric. You already took big sister Elena there once, why not take us too? Whatever sister Elena can do, we can also do for you!”

[Rogue Encampment].

At the place where Fei and Warriv disappeared half an hour ago, the young and beautiful female rogues saw Fei’s return and suddenly got excited and came around him.

He didn’t know when, but the beautiful lotus Elena also appeared here.

She tried to get past all the sisters surrounding Fei and looked at him who was a bit stunned, hesitated, and then softly said, “Sir, if it is convenient, please take the sisters there to see it. They grew up here and every day they face countless demons, “overcast” skies and the black wilderness, and they are yearning for the bustling city…”

“Stop!”

Fei stopped everyone from talking, then inexplicably looked at the group of thorny roses, and asked in surprise, “So… You guys didn’t decide last minute to stay?”

“Stay?” The girls were shocked, “Why would we decide to stay? It was obviously Sir Fei who didn’t want to take us and ran off by yourself!”

Uh… did that turn out to be the case?

Fei was a bit confused, thought for a second and said, “That’s strange… Well, let’s try again… Maybe we just didn’t cooperate well last time. Everyone hold hands and close your eyes.”

The girls did what they were told.

After a humming sound, a blue light flashed past.

Fei disappeared in place, and Elena also disappeared with Fei, but the other female rogues were all just standing in place looking at each other.

Hummm~

Fei soon came back.

“What hapepened? Can I actually only take Elena there?” Fei was shocked, and it didn’t make sense. If he could bring someone there then he should’ve been able to bring everyone there. They were all rogues and Elena could travel with him, but why couldn’t the other girls?

The group of people just looked at each other in an awkward silence.

Chapter on the house~ sorry for the slow speed. Also had to do GDN throughout the week and got two midterms next week.

Last Chapter



* * *





Chapter 95




Chapter 95: Crazy Summoning

“I just don’t believe it, let’s try it a few more times… Humph, this time let’s just try one at a time.” Fei said as he grabbed a purple-haired little loli’s small hands. Then, there was a buzzing blue flash of light. He disappeared with Warriv, but the little loli was still there.

After a flash of blue light, Fei angrily returned.

“Try again…”

Fei disappeared again.

He came back again.

He disappeared again.

…

Ten minutes later.

Fei almost felt every girl’s little hands. In the beginning, this shameless pervert actually had the thought of searching why the teleport didn’t work, but by the end he basically used it as an excuse to take advantage and touch the soft little hands of all the girls. The female rogues were all beautiful young girls… so it would be stupid to not take advantage when there was a chance.

However, the teleportation to [Lut Gholein] didn’t work even once, aside from with Elena.

“This is strange, there must be an important reason I overlooked…”

Fei lowered his head in contemplation and began to think of some reasons.

Why is it that although they’re all female rogues, only Elena can be successfully brought to [Lut Gholein], while other people can’t? Fei suddenly noticed that this occasion was kind of similar to the situation before when he accidently triggered one of the godly skills [Summon]. Similarly, under the effects of the skill [Summon], only Elena could be summoned to the real world, while no one else could.

Thinking about it, Fei’s eyes eventually stopped at the key figure, blue clothed Warriv.

A hint of a narrow smile surfaced on Warriv’s face.

“Warriv, do you know what’s going on?” Fei seemed to have guessed something.

“Yes sir, the reason is very simple. Ms. Elena is your mercenary; she signed the [Contract of Employment] with you, so she can use the power of employment to follow you through space-time teleportation. However, the other girls didn’t enter a contract with you, so I’m afraid that I cannot take advantage of the power of contract to take them with you to [Lut Gholein].”

“[Contract of Employment]?”

A flash of lightning flashed passed Fei’s mind.

Suddenly, he felt that he caught a crucial point, and the mystery behind the [Summon] skill also began to uncover its true face behind the mysterious veil.

Yes!

Fei suddenly realized.

The reason why he could only summon Elena from the Diablo world to the real world was due to the existence of the employment contract between them. This contract was automatically signed after he finished the mercenary leader Kashya’s mission of killing blood crows. That was the reward for completing the mission, and that was also the secret factor that had been overlooked by him. If he could sign these kind of contracts with other people at the [Rogue Encampment], would that mean that he could also summon other people into the real world?

Fei couldn’t wait to verify that idea.

He bid farewell to Warriv and the reluctant female rogues, passed through several tents, and then at the southeast corner of the encampment’s broken tent, he found the nun aunt Ankara who was crafting potions.

“Contract?”

After listening to Fei’s speculation, a light flashed in Ankara’s eyes as if she had a sudden epiphany, and then she slowly said, “Your guess is right, this might be the reason why Elena is the only one that can follow you to your world.”

“Then can I sign the [Employment Contract] with other people?” That was the question Fei cared the most about.

“Uh… I’m afraid that you can’t.” Ankara shook his head.

“What… That… Why?” Fei became really impatient.

“On the rogue continent, the [Employment Contract] is the most special type among all types of contract types, and it has the feature of being single and exclusive. Since you have already signed the contract with Elena, you will not be able to sign this kind of contract with anyone else, unless you take the initiative to lift the contract with Elena…”

Ankara’s words slowly made Fei’s heart sink, and the color of his face became uglier.

Could it be destined that he could only summon one person from the Diablo world to the real world? Damn!

However, in any case, lifting the contract with Elena was something Fei could never do. Elena already told him long ago that for a female rogue, being fired by the employer was equivalent to losing her glory, which was even worse than death. In addition, after cooperating with this beautiful mercenary for so long, the pair had reached the state where their hearts were connected, and Fei started having inseparable feelings towards this beautiful and soft female rogue.

But at that moment, with a mysterious smile on her face, aunt Ankara continued, “However, on the rogue continent, besides the employment contract, there are many other contract types that have similar effects, like the [Friendship Contract], [Servant Contract], [Part Contract], [Apprentice Contract], [Clan Contract], and so on. If I didn’t guess wrong, after signing these contracts, you can also achieve the effect you want. Why not give it a try?”

White foam started coming out of Fei’s mouth, “………”

At this point he was finally 100% sure that he was just played by this mischievous old nun that loved pranking others.

…

…

In the rear mountains in Chambord City, the underground cave maze.

Buzzing.

With a familiar light noise, something seemed to be trembling and struggling in the air, and then at the next moment, a huge sky blue colored teleportation portal suddenly appeared in the stone hall.

Fei strode out from the portal.

Then, behind him, a thin figure enveloped in a purple robe soon followed and appeared, and soon after, a beautiful archer in fine armor with flame-burning red colored hair appeared, and her whole body was surging with a strong atmosphere.

Those two were aunty nun Ankara and Elena.

“Ah! How fresh, this air, how pure, this natural energy…” Ankara sat in the stone hall with her eyes closed, took a deep breath of the air on Azeroth Continent, and with an excited expression she said, “This is the feeling of a bright world… finally!”

Fei and Elena looked at the emotional Ankara and neither said anything.

As the [Rogue Encampment]’s spiritual leader, nun Ankara would rarely lose her calm. When darkness shrouded the Rogue continent, she used her thin shoulders and held everyone’s hope and became the Rogue Continent’s prophet. Like a beacon in the night, she guided everyone’s path forward and brought a weak trace of light and hope to the rogues. In everyone’s eyes, all this time, Ankara had been the definition of calm management. But today, finally being able to feel the pure world energy in this stone hall which was similar to the rogue continent’s energy before it was invaded by darkness made the leader a bit emotional.

After a while, Ankara’s feelings finally slowly stabilized.

“Sir Fei, is this your country? The mysterious underground cave maze Elena was talking about? Why do I have a feeling of déjà vu?” Ankara felt the surrounding energy and asked in confusion.

“I will first send someone to take you on a tour. Outside of this cave is an extremely beautiful city; I think you will definitely fall in love with this world.” Fei smiled and said, “As for the strange feeling, Elena and I also had it before, but unfortunately we couldn’t find the reason.”

Ankara thought for a moment and nodded to show approval.

Fei made a move in his thought, instantly consuming all MP of his barbarian character. He opened three teleportation portals and summoned a dozen young beautiful female rogues and the big chest beauty Charsi to the stone hall. After carefully instructing them with a few things, he walked out of the stone hall, called over the prison official Oleg in the distance that was in charge of demolition work, and ordered him to take the aunt nun and the others on a tour around the city.

“Understood, your Majesty.”

Seeing how more than 10 people just suddenly came out of nowhere, Oleg simply felt that he didn’t have enough brain cells to comprehend the situation. He didn’t know how these guys avoid his and the soldiers patrolling outside sight and got into the stone hall, but His Majesty clearly knew them very well. Oleg didn’t dare to ask, so he respectfully took Ankara and the others and walked out of the stone hall.

At that moment, Fei suddenly grabbed Elena’s little hand from behind.

He whispered beside her ear, “You’re already very familiar with this world, so take good care of aunty nun and the girls. Recently, there’s been many outsiders coming into the city, so don’t get into any conflicts with others. If there’s anything that goes wrong, you can consult that fat guy.” Fei pointed at the prison official Oleg; that fat guy was very experienced when dealing with people and situations.

When whispering, Elena’s hair above the edge of her ear gently brushed over Fei’s cheek, and played with his heartstrings.

Elena lowered her head and felt the warmth from Fei’s hand, as if she was already accustomed to Fei holding her small hands; she was no longer shy and just smile and nodded.

“You’re not coming out with us?” She asked quietly.

Fei smiled and said, “I still have something else to take care of.”

At this moment, the two people were like a little boy and girl that were trying to avoid the teacher’s sight and secretly whispering at the back of the classroom. The atmosphere was charming, and there was a feeling of blushing and heart-beating.

At last, Elena left happily.

Last Chapter

Chapter on the house~ I’m working on the second one now





* * *





Chapter 96




Chapter 96: Shocked Once Again

The contract signed between Elena and Fei was the [Employment Contract], and the ones signed by other female rogues and Fei were more equal [Friendship Contracts].

As for the aunty nun Ankara, she just forced Fei to sign an [Apprenticeship Contract] with her.

This meant that Fei had to take some time every day to study the mysterious pharmacology, magic scroll manufacturing and other complex and profound knowledge. He didn’t know why, but aunty nun Ankara had very high hopes for Fei, believing that this brave adventurer could inherit her mysterious skills.

After sending away all the people, Fei came back to the stone hall.

Sitting down on his stone chair, he placed his hand on the smooth desktop.

Fei thought about his future plans in his head – if he could kidnap Ankara and Charsi who had magical potion-making and forging skills into the real world, this would definitely have a significant effect on the future development of Chambord city. He decided to select a batch of talented kids from the [Chambord Civil and Military School] and let them become Ankara and Charsi’s apprentices to learn their skills. It would be best to acquire these magical skills for use in Chambord city.

A great man had once said that education must start with babies.

The series of facts had already verified Fei’s guess, and it also solved all the problems – after signing a variety of contracts, he could now freely summon other people from [Rogue Encampment] under his own magical points’ support.

Except this time, the mercenary leader Kasha, the wretched white beard uncle Kane and some other people did not come with them to the real world, because [Rogue Encampment] still needed someone to stay and guard it. Although the demon boss Andariel of the Rogue Continent had already been killed by Fei, the demons that wandered the wilderness had not completely disappeared. Their strength was weakened, but they could still post a threat to [Rogue Encampment].

After finishing sorting out his ideas, Fei opened up the portal and returned to the diablo world. |This time, he didn’t choose the barbarian class. On the 3D holographic projection screen, he picked a brand new job – druid.

According to the plan, in the next few days, Fei decided to take full advantage of the four hours a day that he could enter the diablo world. He would let all the other characters beat the first small map [Rogue Encampment] to see if he could get any mysterious rewards from the mysterious cold voice when all 7 classes beat the map.

…

…

When Fei entered the Diablo to crazily increase his own strength, Chambord city had become increasingly lively because of the king’s ascension ceremony.

Visitors from other countries could be seen along the street.

Some small traders had a keen sense of smell for business opportunities, so they formed small business groups, bustled to the city, and all the streets in Chambord city became filled selling the voice of gods. The city suddenly became incomparably bustling, and the flow of people had more than doubled from before, and even the spacious [Golden Road] had become crowded up.

At this moment, a wave of beautiful young girls attracted a lot of people’s attention.

Among these girls, other than one person completely covered in a purple robe with a covered face, the other people were all wearing simple armor, exposing large areas of white skin. They were dressed simply and humbly, and all of them had an extremely pretty face, like a bunch of little fairies bouncing in the flow of people. As if they had never seen anything before, they asked about this and that and were curious of whatever they saw. The young faces didn’t have the slightest sense of precaution, appearing really naïve, lovely, and innocent, like a group of innocent silly girls.

But with many people coming and going on the streets, although a lot of people were having some kinds of thoughts, no one really dared to go up and chat with the girls.

The reason was very simple.

Although these girls seemed to be very silly, the atmosphere leaked out from their body was not weak at all. This was especially the case for the 20 year old or so girl with flame-like red hair, unparalleled beauty, a jade bone and icy white skin, just like a goddess from heaven. The strangely designed golden color long bow on her back leaked traces of terrifying demonic power, and what was scarier was the insuppressible powerful atmosphere on her body – that was an extremely dangerous feeling, as if a moon crescent blade was out of its sheath.

Moreover, there was one of King Alexander’s favorite “minions” Prison Official Oleg, who was following these girls around like a servant.

There was just too much information revealed from this, so these beautiful girls were likely good friends of King Alexander from outside of Chambord city coming here to congratulate His Majesty for the ascension.

The rogues were happily shopping and enjoying a moment of relaxation.

On the rogue continent, they never enjoyed such a lively scene, and every day they had to be nervous and cautious, ready to face devils and monsters at any time and face the threat of death under the shroud of darkness. They also witnessed their sisters dying miserably in front of them numerous times… But at this moment, the girls finally relaxed the pressure in their hearts, freely enjoying the novelty of the scene that they had never experienced before, just like little birds that were just let out of their cage, beginning to fly around carelessly.

As they were walking, a sudden loud voice sounded in the front.

A lot of people were crowded there looking at something, and from time to time waves of laughter sounded, making the scene exceptionally lively. The girls saw this and became curious and happily went up to watch.

What the joyful girls didn’t notice was that not very far behind them, a few pair of eyes had quietly locked onto them.

“His Royal Highness, they went over. What do we do?”

“Follow them first, do not easily provoke them, find out their background first.”

…

…

Underground Cave Maze.

Stone hall.

A deep blue colored portal ripped the space and suddenly appeared, and Fei came out from inside.

He had reached the 4-hour time limit, so he had no choice but to leave the Diablo world.

In the past two hours and a bit, because Fei had already accumulated a lot of experience and skills when playing the other characters, he leveled up quickly and was actually able to incredibly get his Druid’s level to 10, completing three missions: clear out the evil cave, eliminate the traitor blood crow, save the pervert grandpa Kane, in one breath, leaving only three more missions left to beat the first map.

“If I manage my time well, I’ll just need tomorrow to complete these three tasks.”

Fei was full of confidence in leveling up.

At this point, he was still in his [Druid mode], so when he casually waved his hand, the Druid class’s unique chaos elemental energy fluctuation flashed past, and within it, a giant white wolf appeared out of thin air. It came to Fei’s side, and as if it saw its friend, it intimately and gently clung onto Fei’s leg.

The white wolf’s body exuded a thick sense of danger.

This was the Druid’s skill [Summon Wolf Spirit].

This skill had been powered up to level 3 by Fei, so now he could summon 3 white wolves at the same time to battle for him. What was mentionable was that each white wolf had the overall battle power of a one-star warrior and couldn’t be overlooked. Beast summoning skills were one of the Druid’s most powerful skills.

In addition, Fei also had the ability to directly shapeshift into a [Werewolf] and a [Werebear]. After transforming, he would have the wolf’s agility, attack, speed, and the bear’s power and defense.

Currently, he picked the Druid’s summon skills and shapeshift skills, leaving only the elemental skills category blank, mainly because the skills were magic skills, and it was a bit repetitive with the sorcerer class.

After getting a feel of the Druid’s features, Fei held back the urge to turn into a werewolf and run around naked. He switched back to barbarian mode, took out a few high grade gems from his inventory, directly left the underground cave maze and came to the base of Chambord city’s Holy Church.

Church.

“Your Majesty, I didn’t expect you to actually come in person. We feel incredibly honored.”

Towards Fei’s arrival, priest Zola and knight leader Luciano were all very surprised and a little afraid. For the ascension ceremony in three days, these two could be said to have put in strenuous effort, as they spent a lot of financial and material resources to please Fei and receive his favor. Now, it seemed to be effective.

“Well, you two have been working hard recently.”

Fei saw the two men’s servant-like faces and was delighted, but he didn’t show any expression on his face. Despite being a guest, he sat down on the only chair in the room like the owner and looked at the two people as they lightly said, “No trouble, no trouble at all. To be able to serve Your Majesty is our honor!” The bearded Luciano was finally clever and hastily replied.

“Well, I will remember you guys.”

Fei looked past the two’s faces. A pure and holy majestic force deliberately emerged from his body, as if a holy god descended from heaven, and then he slowly said, “I came to you guys today because I have something here that need you guys to help me with.”

“Your Majesty, please give us your order, we are willing to give up our lives to serve you.”

The two people heard Fei’s request and were suddenly very happy. What they were most afraid of was if Fei had no need for them. Since he now opened his mouth for help, that was best for them, and it showed that the king was beginning to slowly accept them.

“Well, okay then. I will be blunt,” Fei said, and with a flip of his palm, four high quality gems appeared in his hands, containing a sparking attractive light. “Use the church’s channels, and convert these high quality sorcerer stones all into the lowest level of low quality sorcerer stones.”

“Oh god, these are actually high tier sorcerer stones… my lord, and this pierce of sorcerer stone with surging fire elemental energy, could this be the rare perfect sorcerer stones? Your Majesty, this…” Mazola couldn’t help but exclaimed. The only thing Mazola could feel were his dry lips and his blanks eyes.

Fei couldn’t blame these two for reacting this way, since it’s just that the value of these stones in his hands were way too high.

The worst one among them could already be exchanged for at least 100 low grade sorcerer stones, and just two of them alone was enough to beat the whole box of low grade sorcerer stones’ values which the two contributed to Fei a few days ago. Not mentioning the other one high-tier sorcerer’s stone and one perfect quality sorcerer stone, even if they were to be exchanged, the value was still going to be incredible, almost reaching millions of low grade sorcerer stones. For people like the duo that would even feel bad for a few days about a box of sorcerer stones, this was no doubt an incredible wealth.

“So? Could it be… you guys can’t do it?” Looking at the way the dumbfounded duo, Fei frowned and asked.

“Ah… No, no, it can be converted, it can definitely be converted! It’s just going to take time, maybe a little more time.” Mazola seemed to have woken up from a dream and hastily replied.

His heart was still currently beating crazily, as this was definitely a golden opportunity for him. The high grade sorcerer stones, especially the perfect ones, were extremely scarce. If they could use the church’s channel to exchange for it, it would definitely be a great merit, and it could leave a good image in Pope Sergiyeli’s mind.

Last Chapter

Second Chapter on the houseeeee



* * *





Chapter 97




Chapter 97: Face Color Changed

“Need time?”

Fei slightly frowned, which made both Mazola and Luciano’s heart race, and then they heard Fei continue asking, “How much more time do you need?”

“Your Majesty, if we fully convert the four gems in your hands, it will be worth more than one million low-grade sorcerer stones. This quantity, even if performed by Pope Sergiyeli’s Zenit Holy Palace’s Isaac Cathedral, it is still impossible to prepare within one or two days.” Mazola carefully answered, trying his best to sound more convincing, “In addition to the round trip, it will also require a lot of knights or mercenaries to guard, and the whole process will take at least 4 to 5 months to complete.”

“4 to 5 months? That’s too long!” Fei shook his hand.

“I wonder what Your Majesty is exchanging low-grade sorcerer stones for…” Mazola carefully asked.

Fei’s look suddenly changed, and his eyes landed on Mazola’s face-like sharp swords.

Mazola felt a huge wave of pressure instantly blow towards him, suffocating him for a moment before he quickly kneeled down and explained, “Your Majesty, please don’t misunderstand me, I don’t intend to inquire about your plans. It’s just that I think that if you don’t need that many low-grade sorcerer stones in one go, we can exchange it slowly in batches. For example, we can trade 1000 stones at a time, and that way the speed will be quicker and it also avoid the risk of a large-scale delivery.”

Fei’s eyes lit up after hearing that suggestion.

Exchanging for 1000 sorcerer stones at once and trading 3 to 4 times every month would be enough to support his expenses in the Diablo world. Selling these gems to the NPC could ensure that the seven classes he played would have no obstacles in meeting the demand for gold coins, and that way his leveling speed would inevitably be many times faster.

“Very well. For this task, you can make the arrangements for me.”

Fei gently flicked his fingers, and the [Flawed Ruby Gem] and the [Regular Sapphire Gem] flew into Mazola’s hands. “This is a medium and high grade sorcerer stone, worth about 11000 low grade sorcerer gems. I just need 10,000 of them; the remaining 1000 will just be the compensation for your hard work.”

“Your Majesty, to serve you is our glory. We both don’t dare to ask for compensation.” Although the 1000 low-grade sorcerer stones’ value was far more than their salary together with some desperately plundered wealth, the two didn’t dare to have the slightest greed this time.

“For the reward that I give out, no one dares to refuse.” Fei said in a cold voice.

Mazola and Luciano looked at each other for a second and both saw the insuppressible ecstasy in each other’s pupils, and their hearts of greed finally overcame the fear, and then they both quickly knelt down and thanked Fei for the reward.

“Yes, that’s how things should be,” Fei’s tone warmed up. “These are the 1000 low-grade sorcerer stones that you deserve. I have never ill-treated any of my loyal followers. If you two get the job done well, your future rewards will obviously increase. However, if you two dare to disobey my orders behind my back, hehe…”

His voice had hardly finished before a pure gold holy force emerged from Fei’s body like a ball of burning holy flame. After a subtle flash, the stone chair below him silently turned into a ball of dust and dissipated in the air as if it had never been there.

Paladin’s skill [Holy Flame].

In the Azeroth continent’s Holy Church, this skill also had another name, [Evil-Washing Holy Flame], which was an extremely high-tier skill that combined offense with defense, and only those big name figures in the Holy Church was qualified to master this kind of power. As for the little 3-star priests stationed in small remote countries like Mazola, being able to master the simple skill [Light Out] which was similar to the Paladin’s [Holy Bolt] was considered to be the peak.

This scene made both people’s heart cover in cold sweat, as they felt a biting chilly air directly surging from tailbone to head, like being in a freezer. They didn’t even dare to take big breaths.

“If you try to disobey me, your end will be just like this stone chair.”

Fei finished, and then he directly got up and left the church.

Soon, only Mazola and Luciano were left in the room.

They awkwardly got up from the ground and took a look at each other, and the expression on their faces were especially rich. They were both trying very hard to cover up the fear in their hearts.

“We can’t be wrong now, he must be a [God’s Favorite Child].” The rattlesnake Mazola stared at the place where the stone chair was, which was now just a pile of fine white powder as he exclaimed, “Otherwise, how could he master such high level magic [Evil-Washing Holy Flame], and even take out master grade sorcerer stones? Aside from this kind of big figure, who else could do it? Luckily, we were smart and already buttered up to this big figure.”

“But why is this big figure converting high tier sorcerer stones to large number of low grade sorcerer stones? This seems to be an unprofitable trade…” Luciano was puzzled.

“How can we guess what these high-ups are thinking?” Mazola rubbed his temples, stared at the two sorcerer stones in his hands and said, “Let’s just think about how to quickly convert these two stones into low-grade sorcerer stones. You have to personally take care of this task, and make sure to keep it confidential. Don’t let those big figures in St. Petersburg know for the time being.

…

…

“Ah, how cute these little things are.”

The female rogues squeezed through the crowd and finally got to the front, where a little shop was surrounded by the crowd, and a few mercenary-looking young men and women were desperately shouting. In the dozens of fine little iron cages by their feet contained many bizarre, lovely and cute baby magic beast cubs.

“Ohhh, come take a look, Giant Tail Lemming’s cub, just weaned, it has a gentle temperament, and it’s very easy to maintain…”

“One-year old Wind-Wing parrot, it can learn the hardest to pronounce fairy language!”

“Haha, hurry and look at this shivering little guy, man, you absolutely wouldn’t have guessed that it’s the cub of a tier-6 magic beast Golden Hair Roar! My teammates and I tried everything and finally stole it from its mother, and in adult stage it can grow 6 wings and its flying speed is unparalleled!”

“Hehe, a real white-tiger, descendant of the Light Emperor!”

The mercenaries desperately shouted at the crowd to introduce their goods, and some of those little cubs were scared by the huge crowd to the point of shivering. Some were just quietly growling, and some just closed their eyes and lazily laid in the cage, looking cute like a bunch of little fairy tale creatures. It was just that the mercenaries’ price tags were a bit high so no one really took out their wallet to make a purchase. They crowded this place just to take a look for fun.

The female rogues pushed to the front and all of their eyes lit up.

As people that had to deal with ugly demonic monsters from birth in the Diablo world, the cutest things they’ve seen were just grey-haired big mice. The little cuties inside the cages in front of them could instantly win their heart. Elena took out a little chubby fishing cat that was taking a nap out of the cage, placed it in her arms as she gently stroked it. The other female rogues all had their harvest, smiling as they picked up other furry little animals, and even aunty nun Ankara’s love was flooding, staring at a pure white feather owl beast and refusing to move her eyes.

“You should buy them, just look at how cute they are.”

A clever female mercenary saw the hope to make money and began to encourage them to make the decision.

The female rogues heard and looked towards Elena, and Elena looked at nun Ankara, and Ankara seemed to have felt something too. She reached inside her purple robe, but then her face blushed because she didn’t have any money on her. In addition, she didn’t know if the money from the Diablo world would still work in this world.

The few men that had been tailing these girls saw this scene and they suddenly felt brightness ahead. The leading muscular warrior with long blond hair gave a hinting look, and the handsome but a little gloomy young man on his side pushed through the crowd and shouted, “These little guys, my Royal Highness will buy them all…”

The handsome young man spilled at least a hundred gold coins, and then turned around to smile and look at Elena, and then said, “My Royal Highness ordered me to come and buy these little guys to give them to you ladies as gifts. We intend to befriend you beautiful ladies; I don’t know whether you can grant our request?”

Elena and the others surprisingly followed the handsome young man’s eyes and looked towards the outside of the crowd, and they saw a muscular warrior with long blonde hair being surrounded by several well-dressed guards who were smiling towards them. The so-called Royal Highness was probably referring to this person.

This blond hair warrior stood tall and proudly. He was pretty handsome, had cold and bright eyes, but his snarling nose with a slightly violent and domineering feeling undermined his entire impression.

Although Elena hadn’t come into contact with strangers outside of the [Rogue Encampment] in the Diablo world, from facing demons and monsters every day, they grew very sensitive to power. Although this blond hair warrior’s strength was contained, they can still feel that this man’s combat strength was probably not below Sir Fei, and he should be the four-star level that Fei referred to.

Thinking of how Sir Fei was recently officially ascending the throne and a lot of guests from other countries came to congratulate Fei, Elena didn’t want to bring any trouble for Fei so she smiled at the blonde-hair warrior and said, “Thank you to this Highness, but we don’t know each other, so we will pay for them this time.”

Then, Elena looked at prison official Oleg.

This fat man was smart, so how would he not understand this meaning? In his heart, he had already planned these beautiful rogues into Fei’s future imperial harem formation, and seeing the scene today, he really wanted to ask what kind of retarded dead fools these people were that actually dared to fight for women with King Alexander. It was the same as a dog asking to get beaten by biting its blacksmith owner. He immediately shook his fat *ss and walked up with his wallet, provocatively looked at the handsome young man and the blonde-hair warrior, and then said loudly to those young mercenaries, “These magic beast cubs, we will pay twice the price and buy them all.”

The handsome young man’s face immediately changed.

Even the blonde-hair warrior in the distance had a trace of haze flash through his eyes, but he masked it really well and laughed, “If that’s the case, I will leave these little guys with you ladies. My name is Aobina, I will be in Chambord city these days, so I hope we can meet again.”

Then, with no further inquiries, he turned around with the guards and left.

The blonde-hair warrior’s action and words made many people sigh in admiration; he had a good temperament that wasn’t too warm or too cold. It didn’t arouse feelings of disgust and exclusion from Elena and the others, and it also left a good impression for the ladies, setting up a perfect opportunity for their next “coincidental” meet.

But it seemed that this handsome young man didn’t want to forget it.

He felt that he was humiliated, a pernicious look began flowing in his eyes. He looked at the show off fat man Oleg, and then his eyes glanced past Elena and the others, but when his eyes swept past the golden long bow on Elena’s back, his pupils immediately contracted, as if he thought of something. He picked up the gold coins he dropped on the ground, hastily caught up with the blonde hair warrior and whispered something into his ears…

The blonde-hair warrior stopped his steps, and his eyes fell on Elena’s long golden bow that was emitting a dim light as he carefully observed for a moment…

Then, his face changed.

Last Chapter

Chapter on the house homiessssss



* * *





Chapter 98




Chapter 98: If the Rain Wants to Come the Wind is Already Here

That’s actually a 4-star magic bone?

The blonde-hair warrior finally recognized it and swallowed a deep breath.

Although he was standing very far away, he could still clearly feel the volatile fluctuation of magic from that golden bow. The cold chill shot up into the sky, just like a 4-star sorcerer standing there in the distance. Such force and atmosphere could only be exerted by a 4-star magic weapon.

Such 4-star magic weapons, for the star-level warriors, were absolute peerless treasures.

On the Azeroth continent, magic equipment and weapons could be divided into 9 star-levels according to their quality.

Levels 1 to 3, the bottom 3 star levels of magic weapons were relatively common and also very average, but levels 4-6, the middle 3 star levels and levels 7-9, the top 3 star levels of magic weapons were a lot rarer. In general, only high-level blacksmiths and magicians could forge 3-star level or higher magic weapons, and to all star-level warriors, a 3-star level and above magic weapon was even more important than their own life, and it was closely related to the warrior’s personal strength level-up.

If a warrior broke past the star-levels and evolve into moon-level elites, if he wanted to make further progress, there were three options – weapon leveling, beast leveling and physical body leveling.

Among these three moon-level elite’s training methods, weapon leveling was the most common one, and it was also the easiest and most effective one.

But if one wanted to pursue the weapon leveling path, he had to choose a high quality weapon as his spiritual weapon and train both the weapon and himself. To a moon-level elite, how far they could travel on their path of training depended on the quality and property of the chosen spiritual weapon, and the relationship between the man and weapon was complementary. Therefore, it was clear how important a high star-level weapon was. Although Aobina’s identity was the prince of a third-tier subsidiary city Thracian, even he didn’t have a 4-star level weapon, and that was why his face changed when Elena’s weapon appeared in his sight.

“If I can get that 4-star level long bow into my hands…”

Aobina’s mind started quickly running, his heart was about to beat out of his chest, and all of a sudden, the gentle and friendly image he originally gave to other people disappeared and his entire body exuded a violent atmosphere.

However, Aobina was an extremely cautious man.

That was why Thracian city sent him to Chambord City this time to execute a plan.

After staring at that group of female rogues for a long time, Aobina quickly estimated this group of females’ background, hesitated for a second, and finally this rationality overcame his greed. A 3-star level archer with a 4-star level high-quality longbow, her background was absolutely not simple, not to mention that in addition to that 3-star level red-haired peerless beauty, the other dozen girls were also exuding an atmosphere of warriors that weren’t below 1-star level. Such a force couldn’t be ignored; maybe, they came from a heavenly background.

The blonde-haired warrior Aobina eventually decided to be cautious and investigate a bit first.

He whispered a few words to a middle-aged guard beside him, and that guard turned around and disappeared into the crowd. Then, their group left, leaving behind two guards that were a bit clever to quietly follow Elena and the others.

…

…

Three hours later.

“These little guys, they were left behind by the girls?”

In the underground stone maze in the back mountains of Chambord city, Fei looked at the dozen of all kinds of starving baby cubs in the stone hall. His eyeballs were almost falling out from staring too much… Women ah, women, they are really strange creatures with maternal love.

“Yes, Your Highness. Before Miss Elena and the others left, they left these little guys here.”

Oleg, with an embarrassed face, was running around in circles like a nanny, feeding an active small golden hair Denglong fresh goat milk.

This Denglong’s appearance was just like a tiger, except the addition of two small wings on the back. It had a hairy, yet very cute look. It was just that the black and gem-like eyes always had a glint of vigilance, and regardless of how Oleg tried to appease it, it still refused to lick that fresh goat milk in the shallow plate.

Poor fatty, when had he ever encountered such a situation? He couldn’t beat the animals, and all he could do was sweat profusely.

Fei saw the scene and couldn’t help but laugh.

Elena and the others could only stay in the real world for about 4 hours, and when the time was up, they had to return to the Diablo world, but they couldn’t bring things from the real world to the Diablo world like Fei, so they could only leave these little guys at Oleg’s place. It’s just that although the fat man Oleg was indeed skilled at licking butts and buttering up to people, he was still far from being experienced in feeding these little cuties, which were even worse than those naked butt little kids on the Chambord City streets. No matter how much he tried, these little bastards just didn’t want to cooperate.

“Let me give it a try.”

Fei found it pretty interesting, so he took over the shallow plate of food from Oleg, smiled and came up to the golden hair Denglong to feed it. Who knew that the little guy didn’t even respect the king His Majesty, as it opened its black eyes, bared out its little tiger teeth, shivered its chubby body, and then turned in disdain. Making a very human-like action, it stuck out its ass, kicked its hind leg and kicked away the silver plate, splashing all the white goat milk onto Fei.

Seeing this scene, even the blacksmiths and soldiers working in the distance secretly laughed.

Fei got angry from the embarrassment, and he was just about to raise his hand to give this guy a slap…

But, after seeing this little thing lying on the ground with a lowered head and its ears down and its eyes getting teary, Fei couldn’t bear to slap it, and reluctantly sighed, picked up the silver plate on the ground and looked around at the other small animals.

Fei had to admit that these little magic beasts were indeed very cute and “lethal” to him.

This Fishing Cat was like a small ball of fur with squinting eyes. It was said that this docile kitten, after reaching adult age, could reach about half a meter in size and could dive down hundreds of meters under water to capture giant fish. It was worthy of being called the king of the underwater world. There was also a little thing that looked nothing different from a normal parrot, but it had four legs and was covered with colorful feathers, with a sharp barb on its beak. It was said to be a type of extremely wise magic beast, and as long as it was trained properly, it could become proficient in languages of all the races in the world.

These little guys were colorful and all very furry, but they had timid looks, shrank into little balls, watching everyone with caution and doubt, and refusing to lick the fresh milk in front of them in any case.

Fei was getting close to opening up their mouth and pouring it in.

At that moment, Fei suddenly thought of something. Taking a new approach, he switched to [Druid Mode]. According to legends, Druids had the power of nature and were capable of getting close to any animals and plants, so it should be able to appease these little guys.

Sure enough, after Fei switched to [Druid Mode], something magical happened.

Fei felt as if he was merged with the air and was capable of clearly feeling the emotions of the small animals. The winged golden Denglong’s hostility was the most serious with a trace of fear, just like a lost little girl looking for its mom. The Fishing Cat was full of vigilance, the wind-wing parrot was considering a hunger strike or even suicide, and that white feather Owl beast was just like a philosopher, looking at everything with its cold eyes…

This was a very subtle feeling.

The small animals didn’t talk, but Fei was able to easily distinguish their emotions, like an open body of consciousness, and Fei became like their kind and merged into their group.

Fei tried using his most sincere mood to communicate with the little guys.

Then, something happened that left the prison official Oleg and many other soldiers staggered.

They just saw that those timid little creatures suddenly act as if they saw their own parents, cheering and intimately rushing towards Fei. The snow white Owl beast and Wind-Wing Parrot beast each occupied one of Fei’s shoulders, the chubby little Fishing Cat extended its sharp claws, climbed along Fei’s leg and easily got to the top and squatted in Fei’s hair. As for the cutest winged golden Denglong, it was already hungry to the point of almost fainting; it stumbled and bit onto Fei’s pants and didn’t want to let go no matter what.

Then, spending less than a minute or two, the little guys already cleaned up all the food that was brought to them, just as if they could understand Fei’s words or something. They became abnormally well-behaved, and the four little beats even brawled a bit just to fight for the comfiest spot on Fei…

This was the magical power of Druid.

The prison official Oleg just blankly stared as everything happened.

The unexpected discovery made Fei’s heart rejoice.

Being able to domesticate magic beasts had an extraordinary significance to him. If used properly, he could even try to build a magic beast army or form a magic beast knight legion. That way, Chambord city could significantly improve its strength and rule the world.

Fei happily teased the small animals, but just at that moment, his personal guard Fernando – Torres who had recently been following Drogba and the others with extreme training suddenly rushed out from the corridor over in the distance, and from afar he was already panting and shouting, “Your Majesty, hurry… Something happened at the palace, sir Best was injured, Miss Angela… she…”

The blonde haired teen’s face had panic written all over it.

…

A whirlwind in the air drew a sharp piercing roar, tearing the sky and suddenly coming out from the back mountains of Chambord city, shooting itself towards the palace’s direction. It attracted everyone’s attention.

Everyone looked up.

A man’s silhouette was vaguely visible among the whirlwind, flashing on and off in the sky, and instantly charged into the palace. After the silhouette disappeared, the path it traveled left an irresistible and lingering pressure, and everyone in the city couldn’t help but get a chill down their spines.

In a dark corner of Chambord city, a figure that hid his whole body in a black cloak looked up at the powerful atmosphere in the sky and then bowed down into deep thought, “It’s him, it’s definitely him. Damn, this idiot indeed became stronger, it looks like I have to make some changes to my plan…”

…

At the same time, at the ex-military official Kongka’s mansion.

Under the fragrant flowers under the tree, the wind blew up an elegant woman’s chrysanthemum-like soft long hair. She sat on the stone chair and looked up. A touch of joy quickly flashed across her eyes as she softly asked, “Roman, this scent…”

“It’s that guy, he became stronger again. That speed, it’s truly incredible.” Behind that woman, under the wooden frame which the long vines spread, the blonde knight who had a baby face and a charming smile on his always-placid face, showed a trace of surprise.

At this moment, a mighty female warrior came in from the courtyard, leaned over the woman’s side and said a few words.

“Oh? Those demons and monsters indeed all came? Very well, you guys go and prepare too.” The woman listened, smiled, and confidently said, “This time, let him break an arm.”

“Understood, Your Highness.”

The two were about to leave with orders when they heard the woman suddenly say, “Oh right, remember to tell little prince, let him better not go out these days and just stay in the mansion peacefully… Also, pass on my command, let that guy come and see me. As a courtier, it’s time for him to visit his master.”

“Understood, Your Highness.”

The female warrior and the blonde knight walked out of the yard.

The elegant woman sat quietly on the stone chair and felt that clear scent of pressure in the air. No one knew what kind of storm was brewing inside that terrifying head of hers that scared countless St. Petersburg’s nobles.

A few pieces of yellow leaves were blown off from the branches, looking very lonely and floating in front of the woman’s eyes.

“My time is running out, big brother, let me help you once again for the last time.”

…

At the same time.

At the guest house of Chambord City.

In a quiet little courtyard, Trace’s prince Aobina looked shockingly at the lingering powerful breath in the air, “Who is this? What a powerful strength, it must be at least 4-stars of power… He went to the palace’s direction. Could it be a master of the Chambord City?”

“Okocha, quickly investigate that man’s origin.” Aobina ordered a guard beside him.

The guard named Okocha immediately took the order and left the yard.

“Teacher, do you think this mysterious master will affect our plan?” After dismissing all the guards around him, Aobina suddenly thought of something and started asking towards the air in front of him.

The next second, a group of visible ripples formed in the air, and slowly, a thin and short figure came out from thin air in front of him.

This mysterious person was wrapped in a white cloth, and even his face was covered up in it. With a hoarse voice, he said, “A mysterious 4 star-level master will indeed become a variable. Investigate him, and before the event takes place, if necessary, kill him.”

“This mysterious master revealed a very powerful strength. I don’t have complete certainty to kill him. After investigating his background, I hope that teacher can personally take care of it.” Aobina was always revealing his cautious character.

“Ok.”

Saving words like it was gold, after saying a single word, the ripples in the air once again swung open, and this white figure disappeared into the air. Even the strange powerful atmosphere that came with him also disappeared without a trace.

A horrifying stealth technique.

…

Behind the Chambord City church, inside a very secluded garden.

A young blonde young man also felt the powerful thrilling breath in the air. He tightly locked his brows and asked, “Who is it? It originated from the back mountain, could it be…”

The thought of this shocked this young blonde beautiful man.

In silence.

As if making some kind of decision.

…

Chambord city was still lively.

However, an invisible storm was quietly and secretly brewing.

The rain storm was coming and the wind was already here.

Last Chapter

Chapter on the house, suuuuper long so enjoy, homiessss



* * *





Chapter 99




Chapter 99: The Black-dog-riding King

The person that stormed through the sky was of course his Majesty the King.

Not waiting for his personal bodyguard officer Torres to finish, the moment Fei heard that Best was injured, he instantly switched to Barbarian mode. Not caring about the mana consumption, he continuously used the Barbarian skill [Leap], leaving the underground stone cave maze after a few flashes, not hiding his level 21 barbarian’s domineering force in the slightest as he flew back to the King’s Hall.

What happened in the palace?

How did his father-in-law actually get injured?

What happened to Angela?

Boom!

Fei was anxious like a ticking time bomb as he crash landed onto the stone steps before the palace. The giant boulder steps under Fei’s feet began to crack like a spider net with Fei at the center, as if a meteor crashed into the ground from the sky… This was the result of him not controlling his terrifying power.

The four little beasts on Fei were all tightly clutching onto his clothes and hair, shouting “wow wow” during the high-speed flight. Fei didn’t pause at all as he kept on using the skill [Leap]. His figure flashed again, leaving behind a series of after-images in the sky, and he instantly arrived at the palace’s back garden.

There was the sound of a riot.

“Which bastard dares to make trouble in my f*cking palace?”

Fei was furious and he rushed inside like a storm.

But after stepping into the back garden, the scene in front of him suddenly stunned him in place.

He saw that his future father-in-law’s originally combed, meticulous black hair was now a weedy chicken coup, with strands of bloodstains trickling down his arm. His chest was violently moving up and down as he breathed heavily… However, his father-in-law’s situation wasn’t bad, because he was the one doing the “murdering” right now.

The old white face Best right now, how was there any trace of an elegant aristocratic appearance left?

His feet were bare; he didn’t know where one shoe flew to, but the other one was gripped in his hand as if he saw the murderer of his father or something. He used the shoe as a weapon, roaring frantically and chasing a black big horse that Fei didn’t know where it came from.

This old handsome man did indeed get hurt, but it was just a little skin injury, and there was completely no need to worry. Otherwise, how could this old white face still have the spirit to rage around the garden to catch that black horse, jumping and running like the wind.

Angela and the blonde little loli Ji Ma were unharmed. They didn’t know whether they should cry or laugh as they led the guards and followed the old handsome man, trying their best to calm down the Best in his berserker state.

But this crazy old man’s strength surprised a lot of people. Coupled with the guards who didn’t dare to use too much force, this royal official who didn’t learn the slightest martial arts had actually easily gotten out from the “net” formed by the guards and continued to chase that big black horse.

“Uh… This… What is really happening right now?”

Fei finally relaxed, but then black lines ran down his forehead like a waterfall. Just as he was asking, he saw that the big black horse finally got forced into a dead corner between the garden rockery and the wall by the old handsome man Best. With no way to run, seeing the old man’s murderous approach accompanied by a “hey hey” sneer, the big black horse finally made noise from its mouth.

Bark bark bark… Whine*

What the f*ck? Fei was shocked, is that a dog barking? He almost thought that he had a problem with his ears.

Even the white feather owl beast, winged parrot beast, little fishing cat and double-winged golden hair Denglong that were all tightly lying on his shoulders had their hairs suddenly become erect, as if they encountered great danger. The small fishing cat hid itself inside Fei’s hair, and the golden hair Denglong directly covered its eyes with its paws.

Fei took a closer look.

Amitabha the f*cking Buddha, ah, what a guy, the beast that was forced into the corner, how was that a big dark horse? It was clearly a giant disobedient black dog. Its powerful legs firmly grasped onto the ground, and between its toes were sharp snow white claws. Its huge body tilted backwards like a giant bow that was fully extended, and from its throat it issued a threatening roar. Its whole body of muscles flexed, fully demonstrating its wild power.

At this moment, Fei thought there was something wrong with its eyes.

Too cruel, too strong, too violent!

Such a look, how did that belong to a dog? It was clearly a beast from the abyss of hell… But who could f*cking tell me why the f*ck was there a horse-sized super black dog in my palace?!

Just when Fei was wondering, something even more bizarre happened…

He saw his old father-in-law not caring at all about that giant black terrifying beast’s threat and fearlessly going up to it and smacking that big black dog’s forehead with his shoe.

That big black dog had a hateful face and growled threateningly for a long time. While it just needed one bite to cut Best into three pieces, it actually didn’t dare to fight back at all. It also did a very humanly action, using its forelimbs to hold his head, swallowing and whining. Its big eyes were full of grievances.

“I will let you dead dog bite me, let you bite me, ungrateful bastard…” The old man fiercely slapped the dog, while acting like an angry kindergarten child, whirring in his mouth.

“Father…”

Angela cried and laughed as she led the guards to drag Best to the side.

Fei felt like he was looking at a world that he was completely unfamiliar of.

Best got dragged away by the guards, and that giant black dog was still using its forelimbs to cover its forehead which was covered in shoe prints. Its watery eyes rolled around a few circles, and it finally saw Fei who was standing in the distance.

Wang Wang Wang! (TL: Dog barking)

The black dog excitedly barked a few times, then putting force onto its hind legs, it leaped into the air, transforming into a black whirlwind, and suddenly rushed in front of Fei. Fei saw that this beast squatted down on the floor, its tail wagging like a windmill, breathing loudly, and its black eyes filled with an aggrieved and pleased look. Its long pink tongue hanged out; it was like a child that saw its parents, rubbing its head against Fei’s shoulder, and he just needed to give Fei a few licks on his face now.

After this dog had its short intimate moment with Fei for a while, it then acted as if it was in power, squatting to the side of Fei, and barking a few times at the old handsome man in the distance whose anger still didn’t completely go away yet…

This was the standard sample of the idiom, dog threatening based on its master’s power!

Fei’s mouth opened up to an O shape.

Ah god, ah buddha, are you serious? What a human-like big black dog. It gave people the illusion as if the dog’s intelligence suddenly reached enlightenment and became like a living person, instead of a beast.

Fei carefully observed it.

The more he looked at the black dog, the more familiar it felt.

In the end he suddenly realized.

What the f*ck, isn’t this the wild dog Angela picked up from the back mountains? It’s just that its size suddenly grew numerous times to an incredibly huge state. It wasl a bit taller than Fei when completely lying down. When standing, it was at least two meters tall and 4 meters long… was this still a dog?

Fei almost didn’t need to think, this must be the after effect of giving it the [Hulk potion].

Looks like this lucky big black dog finally persevered through the painful experience when the drug was transforming its body, and it bravely survived. Under the power of the drug, an incredible mutation occurred to its body, and the magical spiritual fluctuation contained by the [Hulk Potion] also affected the big black dog’s soul, letting him be filled with affection and loyalty towards Fei, otherwise this bastard would be like before, gritting its teeth and growling and chasing Fei all over the palace, instead of being this intimate in front of Fei with its tail wagging like a windmill.

And after seeing the big black dog, the four little beasts on Fei also reacted.

Maybe it was due to the natural nature of being enemies between cats and dogs, but the chubby and meatball-like little fishing cat had all its hair shot up, curving its body as it stepped on Fei’s head to demonstrate to the black dog; the duo-winged golden hair Denglong looked around, and finally decided to side with fishing cat, revealing two bright snow white tiger teeth and showing deep hostility in its little eyes; but the white feather owl beast and wind-wing parrot shamelessly betrayed their little friends as they circled around the black dog, and after feeling that there was no danger, they landed on the black dog’s shoulder, helping it comb its fur to butter up to it.

What a group of animals, they all became geniuses.

“Wow, look at those two beautiful kittens.”

“Look, this little kitten also has wings…”

Angela and the blond loli Jima also noticed Fei’s arrival. The two girls’ eyes brightened up as they warmly and cheerfully ran towards Fei. Fei saw this scene and felt rejoiced. Since when did these two chicks become so open and passionate? He smiled with open arms to ask for a sweet hug, but who knew that these two girls stormed over, only to grab the fat fishing cat and duo-winged golden hair Denglong, completely ignoring Fei.

Fei’s mouth twitched.

His wide arms were only met with the wind, and became stiff in the air…

Only the duo-winged Denglong was desperately struggling in loli Jima’s arms, turning its eyes in dissatisfaction as if saying, “ah, stupid, who said I’m a cat. I’m the great magic beast golden Denglong… Golden Denglong, idiot girl, do you understand?”

……

One minute later.

A golden [battle ring] vaguely appearing under Fei’s foot. His hand was completely enveloped in a massive of golden flame, and he gently pressed his future father-in-law’s arm. With a shine of flame, instantly the two blooly marks on Best’s forearm left by the big black dog disappeared, not even leaving behind any scars.

“Damn that bastard, I swear, from now on I will only eat dog meat!”

The old handsome man still didn’t recover from this anger as he looked at the big black dog like looking at the murderer of his father and fiercely cursed.

It was a shame to just think about it; the dignified majestic official’s first wound turned out to be his daughter’s dog’s bite… If this embarrassing story got out, how could he still maintain his majestic appearance in front his colleagues?

Best’s old white face was now dark green due to the anger.

Reputation was a problem, and it could be fatal too!

And at this moment Fei also finally figured out what happened.

It turned out that Best finished taking care of the recent administrative documents within the city and also went through the hard work of settling down all the messengers and princes from the guest countries. He came to the palace wanting to talk to Fei about how to welcome Lake City’s Prince Modric, but who knew that Fei wasn’t in palace. However, he got to see his daughter Angela instead. The old man rarely had relaxation time, so he thought that it was a great opportunity to chat with daughter and give his innocent daughter some tips to tightly grasp King Alexander’s heart, but who knew that the always sleeping big dog in the back garden suddenly woke up, and sleepily stumbled upon Best and took a bite…

“Haha, uncle Best, why are you angry with a beast!”

Fei laughed with his body bending back and forward, not bothering to hide his rejoice in the calamity of others, thinking that the old father-in-law should quickly pray to the god of war that he wouldn’t get rabies, otherwise…

Out of embarrassment, the old handsome man raged again, and was about to unleash it until…

At that moment, they heard a guard hurriedly coming in to report, “My king, Zenit Empire’s Princess Highness sent someone to meet us at the main hall.”

Huh?

That mysterious princess finally couldn’t wait anymore and actually came to invite me first?

Fei felt rejoice in his heart.

At the same time, the future father-in-law Best on his side also stood up.

At that instant, Best seemed to have completely transformed. All of his anger disappeared without a trace. Although he was still barefoot and his feet were covered in dirt, and his hair was messy too, his entire temperament changed. An elegant and royal demeanor showed off his face, giving a completely bizarre feeling to those that were at the scene. He frowned in contemplation, and then said to Fei, “Alexander, you should go see this princess. There are less than 3 days until your ascension ceremony to the throne, so you must not offend that women, otherwise things will get troublesome.”

Fei nodded.

He lifted his foot and was about to walk to the main hall, but the big black dog actually blocked off Fei’s path as if trying to please him, kneeling on its forelimbs, wagging its tail. By the look and demeanor of it, it seemed to actually want Fei to ride on its back.

The people around them were stunned.

This big black dog, whether in size or strength, was indeed beyond an average horse, so using it as a mount was also a suitable choice. But… the problem was, Fei was the dignified king of the country, so what would riding on a big black dog make him? A black dog knight?

But Fei didn’t hesitate.

He laughed and jumped on top of the back of the big black dog. The dog was extremely supernatural and it was very understanding of Fei’s mind, and it swaggeringly walked towards the king’s main hall, full of a king’s force.

Originally, Fei rode on its back just for fun, but who knew that gradually, Fei’s face became serious. It was a strange feeling, as if he was completely spiritually connected to the dog, and any one of his intentions were understood by the big black dog instantly, whether it was to run, jump, or suddenly stop. The one person and one dog seemed to have combined into one, without the slightest difficulty in cooperation.

This was much easier than horse riding.

It looks like this big dog was really a perfect mount choice.

So now, King Fei’s future mount was a vicious mutt.

Last Chapter

Chapter on the house homiesss





* * *





Chapter 100




Chapter 100

Chapter 100: The First Meet between Him and Her (Part 2)

…

[Rogue Encampment]

The boiling hot flame sparked up and down in the furnace .

The big chest beauty blacksmith Charsi’s magical iron hammer drew beautiful residual shadows in the air one after another . “Ding ding dong dong” sounds landed on a burning red big sword that was on the forging anvil at a strange rhythm, and droplets of sweat dropped onto it, turning into vapor .

On the other side of the iron furnace, Barbarian Fei was pulling on the lever of the bellows, forcefully feeding into it to make sure the demon-tongue-like flame could fully lick the metal in the fire every time .

Ding!

When Charsi’s last hammer fell on the sword, it was like drawing the period on the beautiful storm-like symphony . In the next instant, a hint of magic started distributing out of the sword, and then the orchid-colored flame started blinking . The sword started issuing waves of noise, and it actually started vibrating .

“God bless, it’s finally done!”

The big chested beauty Charsi got really excited and didn’t even bother wiping the cluster of sweat on her forehead as she picked up the still-blazing hot blade and waved it forcefully . A blue flame flashed out, and the blue air force actually opened a big gap on the whole blacksmith wood shed .

“It really worked?”

Fei saw the scene and was also pleasantly surprised . He took over the blue broad sword, felt the temperature coming from the hilt, looked at it, and then he saw the stats of the sword in his eyes: One-handed damage: 4 – 9, double-handed damage: 8-14, +3 ice damage, durability 16/16, no level requirement, no strength point requirement .

“Although the damage isn’t as high as [Purple Green Dual Blades], the quality definitely isn’t low, and it actually doesn’t have any requirements on strength points and level, so this is a completely sharp weapon for low level characters!”

Fei felt ecstatic .

Half an hour ago, Fei really couldn’t be more patient . He really felt bored sitting beside the First Princess, so he might as well take advantage of this opportunity to choose the option to enter the Diablo World in his dream . He went to [Rogue Encampment], found blacksmith Charsi in [Barbarian Mode], and asked her about the progress on using gems to forge magic weapons . He coincidently came when Charsi was conducting the last experiment, and decided to lend a hand, and finally got to witness the whole process of successfully using [Chipped Gems] to forge the first magic sword .

Although this blue magic sword served no useful purpose for Fei, its meaning was extraordinary .

First, the birth of this ice-style magic sword meant that blacksmith Charsi’s forging skills finally leveled up, capable of using gems to forge higher level magic weapons . As long as she continued working hard and practicing, she would definitely be able to forge an even sharper magic weapon . Under Fei’s almost limitless supply of gems, maybe one day, Charsi would be able to forge a super weapon beyond yellow or golden equipment . That way, Fei wouldn’t need to clear bosses daily to collect all the equipment .

Second, for Fei, all the equipment and weapons in the past were acquired from killing monsters or purchased from NPCS . These weapons were all finished goods, so Fei only had the right to choose, but now it was different . Whatever style of weapon or magic property, Fei could directly let Charsi forge it . The range of selection was much bigger, and the degree of focus was also stronger, and it was even possible to invent new weapons .

“Haha, this is awesome! I swear, I can see the birth of a great forging master on the Rogue Continent…” Fei buttered up to Charsi, and then took out 20 pieces or so of all kinds of gems and a dozen already prepared sheepskin manuscript scrolls and handed them to Charsi, and then smiled . “This time I will need you to forge me some armor, you just have to follow these drawings…”

“These are… . armor blueprints?”

Charsi opened up the goatskin scrolls, carefully looked over them once, and frowned as she said, “These are beautiful armors… But armor is harder to forge than weapons . Master Fei, with my current forging skill level, I’m afraid that I won’t have a 100% success rate . To complete the forging of these armors, I might need to waste a bit more elemental gems . ”

“That’s no problem, you can use however many you want,” Fei said with full confidence .

With the Horadric Cube, Fei just needed 3 [Chipped Gems] to make one [Flawed Gem], and then exchange the one [Flawed gem] to exchange for 100 [Chipped Gems] in the real world . Fei felt like he was sitting on a gold mountain, and he never had to worry about money in the future anymore .

“Yes . Oh right, Charsi, in fact, you can go to the real world to try to build these weapons . Chambord City has a few quite skilled blacksmiths, and maybe they can help you . ” Fei suggested .

Charsi wiped off the sweat on her forehead, then thought about what she saw in the stone maze like those big and perfect furnace facilities . Her eyes brightened and was pleasantly surprised after hearing it . “That’s right, how did I not think of it? Master Fei, I will go find them right now…”

This female blacksmith had a short temper .

After sending away the big chested beauty Charsi, Fei stored the ice sword into his inventory, and then found aunt Akara, and started following her to study how to identify herbs, configure agents and produce magic scrolls .

Of course, the things he learned in the beginning were all very basic knowledge .

Fei was originally quite impatient for these things, and aunt Akara was extremely sneaky, forcing him to sign the [apprenticeship contract], so now he had to force himself to learn these things . However, as he gained more knowledge, Fei surprisingly found himself actually starting to getting interested in the knowledge . It was just that his memory was still as blurry as his past life, and often he remembered things wrong…

He spent very little time studying with Akara, around half an hour . After that, Fei logged out of his Barbarian mode, and then came to the 3D holographic projection screen and selected Druid mode, entering another parallel universe of the Diablo World, and began to challenge the first little map .

In this space, the mercenary Fei had the female flame archer Kayle .

Ultimately, there were some differences with Barbarian mode, and that was that the mercenary was a lot less agile and vivid than Elena, appearing a bit stiff and having rusty cooperation while fighting . Actually, aside from the flame archer Kayle, in his Druid mode, even the other NPCs in [Rogue Encampment] looked more like a computer program, far different from that dimension under his Barbarian mode where the NPCs had emotions .

This situation was very similar to Fei’s experience in the second map [Lut Gholein], making Fei very confused again, not knowing what caused this weird situation .

Under all the modes, only the NPCs in [Rogue Encampment] under Barbarian mode were real flesh-and-blood people .

With his doubts, during the next three hours, Fei actually cleared Druid mode’s final challenge in one go, eliminating Rogue Continent’s final boss Andalier in the temple’s basement . He also got a few nice golden gears .

At this time, his Druid had leveled up to 16 .

After getting fully geared, Fei’s real combat strength in the real world was approximately at an intermediate 3-star level warrior . Of course, if his Druid character had all kinds of magical summoning and transforming skills, maybe it could bring a challenge even when facing beginner 4-star elites .



* * *





Chapter 101




Chapter 101: You Have Problems.

When Fei exited from the Diablo World, the sun had begun setting to the west. However, the sun was still warm; the golden light passed through the incense tree’s branches and scattered all over the floor. There was still the sweet scent in the air.

He sat up from the bench, sleepily looked around, and noticed that the Princess Highness that previously had her eyes closed on the bamboo chair was now having dinner. On the stone table laid golden yellow barbequed meat, dozens of slices of grey rye bread, and a golden cup containing wheat oat soup.

This Princess Highness’s dinner was very normal.

At her side, there still not wasn’t even one guard. The female guard Susan that took Fei into the small yard never appeared again, and the blonde knight Roman Pavlyuchenko who always had a smile on his baby face didn’t bother making an appearance. He didn’t know where those two people went.

However, the 20 or so scents of powerful existences were still here closely protecting the princess. Fei could tell that about half of those scents were obviously different from before. Clearly, some guards had changed shifts.

“Ehh… I was asleep?”

This was Fei’s first sentence.

He wiped off the shining drool that flowed down during his sleep on the corner of his mouth, and without any formal or anxious expressions, he asked with a grinning face as if asking an old friend. Then, Fei stood up and stretched himself, and then rudely sat down on the stone chair across from the princess, and then leaned over to sniff the smell of the grilled meat…

“Umm… Smells really good, let me try some!”

When he picked up the knife and fork beside the silver plate and started skillfully cutting the golden brown meat with honey juice, Fei could clearly feel that the 20 or so scents hidden in the shadow intensified, just like 20 siege crossbows aimed at his back and ready to launch… Then, Fei saw the First Princess waving her thin hands as if shooing away flies, and then immediately after, the guards concealed their scent again and hid quietly in the shadows.

“Hey, this dinner isn’t prepared for you.”

This was the first time that the emperor’s First Princess who had beautiful and deep eyes spoke to Fei in front of him. Her voice was a little hoarse, but the feeling it gave was a very peaceful one – so peacefully quiet that it was a bit cold as if rejecting Fei a thousand miles away.

But Fei could clearly feel it; this feeling of apathy came from the bones, without any pretentious elements. It seemed like the owner of this pale white and weak body had gotten use to speaking to everyone with this attitude.

“You are the Princess. You don’t have to worry about food and clothing, so why are you so stingy?”

Fei just laughed in front of the Princess’s scolding, didn’t care at all, and the knife in in his hands shined under the sunlight, gently slicing the meat, and then putting another golden juicy barbeque meat into his plate.

The royal crowning emissary group brought their own chefs, and their craft was clearly a lot better than the ones at Chambord City’s royal palace. Fei enjoyed the meal very much, and at the end, he took the delicious oatmeal soup in the golden cup and took a sip.

“You…”

A slight tone of mood swings rarely appeared from the First Princess. Her sapphire-like eyes glanced at the golden cup that Fei had drank from, and saw the soup stains and a clear lip print on it. Suddenly, she reached out, and then poured the rest of the soup onto the ground, and then stared provocatively at Fei.

This scene almost dropped the jaws of those guards hiding in the shadows. Some people even almost revealed their traces. This was really incredible; they had all been old guardians for Princesses Tanasha for a long time now, but when had they ever seen Princess Tanasha, who had been secretly known as the “ice asura” by the Saint Petersburg aristocracy, show such a childish side of her?

Unfortunately, Fei didn’t know all this.

He just kept on slicing and putting more meat into his plate. He didn’t even look at the oatmeal soup on the floor and just focused on chewing the meat on his plate. His eyes were smiling, as if saying, “I’ve already drank it, so I don’t mind the rest getting poured out.”

Her Royal Highness First Princess was shocked for a second.

Then, she started doing another thing that almost made the guards in the shadows bite off their tongue: she started fighting for the meat with Fei.

The two started a “war”.

The knives in their hands touched together every now and then, issuing a “tink tink” sound. Princess Highness’s body was skinnier and weaker, and her strength was also almost non-existent. She indeed didn’t know any martial arts, just like a vulnerable normal human. No, to be more precise, one should say that she might even be physically weaker than a normal human being, seeming a little bit morbid.

The “war” obviously ended in Fei’s victory.

He successfully dragged ¾ of the roasted pig onto his plate, and Princess Tanasha had about 1/8 in her plate, and the remaining 1/8 were eaten by Fei before the “war” even began.

Then, the two didn’t talk, and stared at each other and began the meat-eating competition.

This time, the Princess actually won. Although Fei ate at a faster rate, he had a lot more meat on his plate. After the Princess Highness finished her plate, she stared for a second, and then reached out her knife and began pillaging the meat on Fei’s plate. Ding ding dong dong ding dong dong. The waves of sounds of knives colliding sounded quite nice.

For the guards hidden in the shadow, at the moment, their heads had long been in a blank state.

They almost couldn’t believe everything they were seeing right now: the highly and cold as ice “Ice Asura” had disappeared, and what was presented in front of everyone’s eyes was a childish girl. Who would’ve thought that the Princess Highness would have so much “fun” with a lowly little king? Was this still the emperor’s female saint, whose wisdom was like the sea with a meticulous mind, whose one word could save thousands of lives and with one thought could destroy a noble family?

Fei didn’t know about all of that.

He thought that this princess was quite interesting.

After a hearty meal, Fei looked up and down at the woman in front of him, and then his face gradually became serious. He stared right at the Princess’s face for awhile, and then finally asked in puzzlement, “You got a problem?”

This sounded completely like swearing.

Sure enough, her Royal Highness Princess rose her brows, and a hostile scent flashed through her eyes.

At that moment, Fei suddenly had an illusion that the woman who sat in front of him had suddenly changed into another person. It was no longer the plain woman that was joking around with him like an old friend, but rather an ice cold peerless female hero that could control tens of millions of lives with a single thought.

“King Alexander, I commanded Susan to summon you because I want to ask about the coronation in three days. How’s the preparation going?” The Princess’s voice resumed its coldness from before, looking at Fei like a stranger, revealing the majesty of the Imperial Princess.

Fei heard and smiled, got up from the stone chair, and then lazily stretched himself.

“The coronation’s preparation… Well, it has been going on well, but I’m not too clear on this task. Later, I will let the herald Best who’s responsible for this to come report to your Royal Higness Princess. Hehe, you guys know each other anyways.”

Fei was the typical type of person where soft treatments worked on him, but tough treatments wouldn’t. Seeing how the princess was acting high and mighty now, he knew things wouldn’t be fun anymore. To be honest, he really didn’t care too much about Zenit Empire, so he just lazily answered the question and turned around to walk away.

“Impudent!”

“Rude!”

*Sou sou sou sou* Four quick sounds broke the air, and 4 purple armored guard charged out from the side and cut off Fei’s path. These people were about the same in height and weight, and they were all wearing the unified purple light armor. The long swords at their waists were half-drawn from the scabbard, reflecting a cold light. They were all emitting a powerful force; everyone was at least at the peak 2-star level.

“Ignorant savage, quickly kneel down and beg for forgiveness from her Royal Highness Princess.” The bodyguards shouted, with their eyes coldly staring at the little king as if the moment he moved unexpectedly, they would be prepared to fully draw out their swords to kill him.

“Hehe, just you guys? You can’t stop me.”

Fei lazily raised his eyebrows, and a much stronger force came out of his body. The invisible pressure weighed down heavily onto these 4 purple armor guards. Not to mention drawing out their swords, they couldn’t even move, or even talk with ease. Even the other guards that were still hiding in the shadows were tightly locked by this sharp force, not even daring to breath heavily.

“It’s okay… Let him go.”

Her Royal Highness Princess who was watching all of this silently suddenly waved her hands and withdrew her guards.

At the same time, Fei smiled as he withdrew his force.

The four purple armor guards suddenly felt the pressure on them disappear, and they looked at each other in horror, completely not expecting this lowly king in their eyes to actually have such a terrifying level of power. If they really fought, they were afraid that even if all the colleagues hidden in the yard came out, they would still not be this “little” king’s match… The four guards all bowed to the princess and then disappeared.

Fei then started heading out taking big steps.

After taking a few steps, he thought of something, suddenly stopped, then threw out a little purple bottle onto the grass in front of First Princess Tanasha, and then proceeded to leave without even looking back.

“I’d say, proud Princess, your problems don’t look that light, and it looks like you can’t hold out much longer. For today, seeing as how you accompanied me for dinner, take this bottle of liquid medicine. Perhaps it will provide some help to your frail body.”

These were the last words Fei left her.

Last Chapter

Chapter on the house~ 2 regular chaps r done for this week





* * *





Chapter 102




Chapter 102

Chapter 102: Elites One After Another

Looking at the little purple bottle that fell on the grass in front of her, the First Princess seemed to not have expected this scene. She suddenly wanted to laugh; this little king wasn’t that big, but his temper was quite large.

However, the next instant, the princess’s face restored its calm.

To her, ever since her 12th birthday when the maid that had been serving her for years was killed by that brother of hers, she had never felt so powerless. From that instant, besides her cold and emotionless face, any other expressions were a luxury for her. Ever since then, no matter where or when, she constantly reminded herself to maintain her calm in front of her subordinates.

Only this kind of expression would make her look powerful, and those who dared to challenge her would tremble in fear.

God had given her a prominent life and an intelligent mind, but denied her the right to live as a healthy person. Everyday at midnight, that never-ending pain would torment her… However, even after being diagnosed by the royal family’s doctor to only have six months of life left, she still never showed any expression of pain in front of anyone. Even when she was alone in the palace, she still couldn’t relax at all.

But today, it happened.

At that instant, that sleepy-eyed look of the little king under the sun suddenly brushed aside the dust and uncovered distant memories, and that picture reminded her of an afternoon many years ago, which was also in autumn… she didn’t know why, but for the first time, she took off her disguise, and then fooled around with this king for a bit like kids. in front of him and her hidden guards, for the first time, she had revealed too many expressions that should never have been hers.

Could this be a one-time indulgence before the end of her life?

The Princess’s fingers lightly tapped on the stone table.

Her eyes lowered.

She saw the little purple bottle Fei tossed on the ground. It was just quietly lying on the green grass; the bottle’s smooth body had a bright luster on it.

Hesitating for a few seconds, she didn’t know why, but the princess suddenly got a wild idea.

She bent to pick up the bottle, then readily shook it several times and looked at the mysterious purple fluid inside the bottle. Then, she pulled out the cork, gently smelled it, and a light fragrance flowed out. After inhaling it, she suddenly felt an unprecedented feeling of ease.

Princess Tanasha quietly stuffed the cork’s back expressionlessly, but she secretly thought, “Could this really be effective?”

“Such a rude maniac. Your Royal Highness Princess, why don’t you kill him?”

A quiet voice suddenly passed through her ear.

At the same time, a purple flame suddenly cut through the air, and in the next instant, the purple flame converged, and a purple clothed beautiful girl appeared out of the thin air and stood beside Tanasha.

Her figure was curvaceous with slender legs and flawless skin; her facial features were exquisite, and she has a pair of seductive eyes that could take a man’s soul. She wasn’t wearing any armor, just a light purple cloth; she was obviously extremely confident in her power. Her purple long hair was tied into a pony tail, just like a waterfall freely falling behind her head. In her hands was a peculiarly designed thin green short-sword that had no scabbard, and the blade was directly exposed to the air…

If Fei was here, he would definitely be surprised. At least from the entrance she made and her scent, this 16 to 17 year old little girl was definitely an unfathomable elite.

“Keep him, he’s still useful. We can’t fish without bait.”

At the instant the purple

clothed girl appeared, the First Princess Tanasha restored her original calm state, slightly closed her eyes, and then started lightly tapping the stone table. This was her habit. When she started to think, she would subconsciously start to lightly tap with her slender fine fingers to a rhythm, sometimes quick and sometimes slow. The pair of hands felt as if they had the power to frighten people’s souls. At Saint Petersburg, everyone that feared her all gave her a name based on this kind of light rhythmic tapping —– [Death Finger].

After a long time, First Princess Tanasha finally opened her eyes and asked, “Ziyan (TL: which means purple flame in Chinese), tell me, what did you find?”

“I just found a pile of useless garbage. None of the hounds came.”

The girl named Ziyan softly replied.

She saw that the Princess didn’t want to talk about that little king, so she no longer bothered to continue discussing about him. After all, small roles like such were no different than thin air in her eyes, so it didn’t matter whether they talked about him or not. Just like how the godly phoenix from the heavens wouldn’t have any contact with a worm on earth, Ziyan didn’t think anything would happen between the little king and the Princess in the future.

“Didn’t come? Hehe… that’s impossible.”

Her slender white fingers tapped at a strange beat, slightly hitting the stone table, sometimes slow sometimes fast, and then her ocean-like blue eyes bloomed out a look of disdain. “Based on my understanding on him, he definitely won’t let go of a chance like this. That guy wants me dead so much that he could go crazy, so those obedient dogs of his have definitely already come here and set up.”

The purple clothed girl slightly frowned, and then thought of something. She was puzzled, “Does your Princess Highness mean they used some kind of technique to avoid my search? How is that possible? No single star-level warrior could avoid the god artifact [Sky Vision]’s search, unless they sent moon-level elites this time. But the three moon-level elites of Zenit Empire are all at the capital right now.”

“In this world, nothing is absolute. Maybe he found a way to help his hounds avoid [Sky Vision]’s search, or maybe he recruited a new moon-level elite, or maybe he has other ways to kill me… All in all, he will make a move for sure, and that’s unquestionable.”

“Then what should I do next?” The purple clothed girl accepted the Princess’s judgement. In fact, no one dared to doubt the elite of this emaciated body, because she had never been wrong a single time.

“Wait.”

[Death Finger] started tapping her unique rhythm, and her blue eyes shined with a unique brilliance, “Whatever he hopes I do, I will do. We both know perfectly well about this kind of battle; it’s all about who has more cards… But, it’s just that for this poor Chambord City, I’m afraid that after this battle, not much will be able to remain standing.”

“That arrogant little king was being that rude just now, so even if the whole city is destroyed, we are still letting him off easy.” Ziyan was cold like an iceberg, completely uncaring about people’s lives and deaths. There had already been countless people that lost their lives to her hands. In the midst of this chaotic world, lives were as worthless as dirt, and no one deserved pity.

“We will dismiss this topic. You’ve work hard recently, so go rest. From today onwards, you don’t have to activate [Sky Vision] to search anymore. Make preparations, and three days later, everything to come to light.”

“But…”

Ziyan still wanted to say something, but she saw Her Highness close her eyes and wave her hands, so she had no choice but to stop. She lowered her head, and then a purple flame exploded into the air without any heat. When it disappeared, so did the girl.

Princess Tanasha got up and walked to her room.

No one saw, but that purple bottle of potion had now been taken into her palms.

…

…

At the same time.

At a Chambord city guest house, in a relatively secluded stone courtyard.

“Your Highness, after those women entered the back mountains of Chambord city, they never came out. Your subordinate noticed that there are actually many guards set up near the prison in the Chambord city’s back mountain. The security level is very high, and it will be very difficult to get in without alerting them. Your subordinate is afraid that going in hastily might startle the enemy and hinder your plan. Therefore, I arranged a few soldiers to monitor the situation on the peripheral regions, and I personally came back to report the situation to you.”

In front of Thrace Country’s blonde prince Aobina, the soldier that was sent during daytime to follow Elena and the nun Akara was kneeling on the ground to report the whereabouts of those female rogues.

“As for the that bald fatty’s identity, I also got some information. He is Chambord city’s warden Oleg, currently one of the favorite underlings of the king. He has a one star-level warrior’s strength, and is just a small character… The strange thing is that those women’s origins are very mysterious; it seems like no one in Chambord city knows where they came from, nor did they previously appear in the city,” The guard reported.

“They actually went to the back mountain… that’s strange!” Aobina’s beak-like nose went up and down a few times, and then he asked again, “Did they all disappear in the back mountain? No one left during the mean time right?”

“Your Royal Highness, no one left the entire time.”

“Okay, then that’s good. Go deploy more soldiers. Tightly peg all the paths in the back mountain area. The moment they appear, immediately report back to me.”

Aobina thought for a second that these women probably didn’t have too big of a background. Although their strength wasn’t ordinary, their clothing seemed a bit poor, and their armor was mainly made with beast skins. Other than that 4-star long bow on the back of that peerless red-hair beauty, there wasn’t anything else extraordinary. Maybe they were a team of mercenaries from somewhere far away, hired by the young king of Chambord City to maintain order during the ceremony. Towards these kind of people, Aobina wasn’t too worried about the consequences of robbing their long bow. Besides, these girls were all very beautiful, so if he could also find a way to capture them alive, whether it was for keeping them to himself or gifting them to the aristocrat families in St. Petersburg, both were very good options.

He decided to act the moment these girls made their next appearance, and first acquire that 4-star golden bow before he had to perform his real mission. With this extraordinary bow in hand, he would have more confidence about the mission he would be carrying out in three days.

The guard got his order and quickly left the stone courtyard.

At that moment, the guard named Okocha that Aobina sent earlier to investigate that mysterious elite that flew across Chambord city came in. He quickly walked towards Aobina, kneeled down and reported, “Your Highness, the mysterious elite went into the Chambord city’s palace, and there have been no movements ever since. I waited and looked for almost half the day and still didn’t catch any unusual events. It’s just that the empire’s First Princess’s female guard Susan visited the palace and brought the little king Alexander to where the Crowning Emissary group is stationed… I suspect that mysterious elite, is very likely King Alexander himself.”

“Alexander? That’s impossible.” Aobina was shocked for a second, but soon he shook his head and replied, “3 star-level is the highest this idiot can go. Although I don’t know how he turned from an idiot to a 3-star warrior, if you’re saying that he leveled up again to 4-stars in just three or four days, that’s absolutely impossible. Even the continent’s [Martial Art God] Maradona didn’t train so quickly.”

Pausing for a second, Aobina signaled Okocha to be dismissed.

He frowned and thought for awhile as he mumbled to himself, “It seems like this mysterious expert should be [Ice Asura], Princess Tanasha’s man that was placed in the palace. She must have known something early on… But she purposely showed this card of hers… What’s the real meaning of this?”

Aobina couldn’t afford to hesitate the slightest.

He knew very well of the methods that this Princess Highness used.

Although Aobina was always arrogant and confident in his intelligence, and he indeed had some small clever tricks up his sleeves, he knew very well that his capability was only good enough to fool normal people. In comparison to Princess Tanasha who was known to be the [Ice Asura] and [Female Wisdom God] by the whole empire, he was completely no match for her. What he could do wouldn’t even be enough for this princess to frown slightly. He didn’t doubt that as long as this princess wanted to, just one idea would be enough for him to die hundreds of times without even finding out how.

“Luckily, this time someone will come take care of her, and I’m just running the errands.”

After he stopped thinking about [Ice Asura], Aobina’s attention returned to Chambord city’s little king. Although he didn’t agree with guard Okocha’s judgement on the mysterious elite, he was the type of person that would always be cautious and alert. Thinking for a second, he said to a giant-like tall burly guard on his side, “You find an opportunity to test Alexander’s strength. Don’t get carried away; just retreat after forcing out his true strength. Spare his life, since it still has some use.”

The big guard agreed, and a ball of yellow flame flashed below his feet. His giant body actually started sinking slowly as if he was in the water, and he ultimately disappeared from the stone floor, not even leaving the slightest trace behind.

Another elite.



* * *





Chapter 103




Chapter 103

Chapter 103: The Deadly Back Alley



After Fei left the residence of the Royal Coronation Legion, he headed directly to the Chambord Civil and Military Academy. He had to meet with the military authority Gordon-Brook who was busy with the administrative duties at the academy.

The pressure that Fei felt at the residence of the Royal Coronation Legion made him more aware of the hidden dangers. He still didn’t know what was about to happen, but it wasn’t going to be something minor; even the elder princess of Zenit Empire had to guard against it carefully.

Therefore, Fei had to prepare in advance.

Chambord’s Civil and Military Academy was located at Former Head Minister Bazzer’s mansion. It was the biggest stone building in Chambord after King’s Palace. Like all the other buildings in Chambord, this building was more than a hundred years old. Moss grew on all the slits between the white stones that formed the walls, and dried yellow vines crawled onto the wall. The building looked very aesthetically pleasing from far away.

Fei heard the cheers of the children on the outside of the academy.

After entering the building, he saw hundreds of kids practicing a set of simple punches under Lampard’s guide. They were also practicing the horse-step stance (an ancient Asian method to train the legs) with their legs – the idea of the horse step came from Fei of course, and it was listed as one of the essential practices at the academy.

The little ones were putting all their efforts on the practice.

Drops of sweats slid off of their faces, and their clothes were all soaked. Although a few of the kids’ legs were shaking, they bit their teeth and endured the pain. They all were children of ordinary civilians, and they understood their low social classes and the toughness of life. They knew that having this opportunity to learn and practice was already very fortunate. Therefore, each and every one of them tried their hardest to improve their strength to change their lives and their families’ lives; none of them slacked off.

Lampard was carrying his giant black sword on his back. He glanced through each of the kids and corrected their forms and mistakes as they occurred. This silent former number one warrior at Chambord didn’t like politics or military very much; it seemed like he wasn’t interested in anything. However, when he started to train the kids, he was full of enthusiasm; with the large amount of free time he had, he was now the headmaster at the academy, and was responsible for carrying out 99% of all the training programs. With his reputation as the former number one warrior in Chambord and his three-star warrior strength, he was the kids’ favorite teacher right after Fei.

“Hi, Principal!”

After seeing Fei’s arrival, looks of surprise and worship popped on all the kids’ faces. They paused their practice, stood up straight and saluted to Fei in a military manner in unison.

“Hi, everyone!”

He tried to be majestic and saluted back.

It was the academy’s rule that Fei should be addressed as the principal. After stepping into the academy, no matter who the person was and what kind of status the person had outside of the academy, he or she could only have one identity – a student or a teacher.

“Continue training!”

After hearing Fei’s order, the kids went back to the horse-step stance and practiced the set of punches. The little ones were all excited and their faces got all red. They tried their hardest to stand out to Fei. If Frank-Lampard was their favorite teacher, then Fei would be their supreme idol, the supreme king. In this world that followed the law of the jungle, what Fei had demonstrated in the past conquered these kids who all had heroic

dreams.

“Thanks for all your hard work, uncle Lampard.”

Fei was very respectful in front of Frank-Lampard. This three-star warrior was the best friend to the old king and took great care of Alexander. Like the old handsome Bast, Fei treated him as his elder.

“Your Majesty!” Lampard nodded, and his solemn face cracked a smile.

He clearly felt that Fei’s strength had increased. He could no longer estimate how strong Fei was, but one thing was certain – Fei had surpassed the threshold of the three-star rank. If not, Lampard would have been able to at least feel it.

“Uncle Lampard, these kids are the future of Chambord, if the academy needs anything, just let uncle Bast know, tell him that it’s my order……” Fei looked at the kids as if a rabbit had seen carrots; he rubbed his chin and smiled, “I’ve got to let these kid grow up quickly.”

Lampard nodded as he smiled. He thought for a moment and said, “Your Majesty, the academy has everything it needs except for good teachers and energy training scrolls. Some of these kids have great talent, and their talent attributes are solid. Metal, wood, water, fire, earth – all five energy attributes exists among them, and a few of them are good candidates for novice mages. It’s too bad that there are limited energy training scrolls in Chambord. In total, there are total four or five energy training scrolls, but they are only one to two star ranked, and they are only for water and fire energy. Brook and I both have water energy, so……”

Fei understood.

The limited educational resources were an issue.

There were a lot of professions on Azeroth Continent, and there were a ton of training methods. Everyone had a different body type and different talent attributes. The only way to train and increase their strength was to train using the same attributed energy scroll or magic scroll specific to each person; if one used the incorrect attribute scroll, it wouldn’t improve one’s strength, and it could also injure oneself.

“Let me handle this!”

Fei said goodbye to Lampard and found Gordon-Brook who was training a bunch of girls. Because girls’ bodies were a bit weaker, Fei didn’t require them to train as hard as the boys. During spare time, they were educated on simple military knowledge by Brook. This was the area that Brook was good at. Although he wasn’t spectacular, he was sufficient to enlighten them with the basics.

However, this situation made Fei aware of the importance of teachers for the academy.

Fei spotted Louise–Pierce’s daughter–among all the girls. The girl was even prettier after the simple daily cleaning rituals. Her icy temperament was the reason why Fei was able to spot her in a group of over forty girls. The girls surrounded him and he was only able to get out after telling a few stories. He then called Brook aside and planned a few things.

After listening to Fei, Brook was surprised.

“Your Majesty, is this real……”

“It doesn’t matter if it’s real or not, from now on, send more soldiers to increase the investigation efforts. For people who dare to cause trouble, it doesn’t matter who they are, lock them up in the [Little Black House]…… remember, especially for people who are new and strange to us, investigate and keep close eyes on them. If they don’t follow our rules, kick them out of the kingdom.”

Fei was harsh this time.

The tense atmosphere at the residence of the Royal Coronation Legion gave Fei a bad feeling. Chambord might be under great danger, and this danger might be greater than what Chambord could defend against. It might even be greater than the disastrous situation that the black armoured troops put Chambord under.

Brook accepted Fei’s order and turned around to tell the soldiers until…

“Wait……” Fei called him suddenly, after a moment of silence, he said, “Also, tell the soldiers to keep the guard up and be more alert. Increase their guard shifts during both the day and night. Also, notify the citizens that if the situation gets bad, they should be quick and leave the castle to hide temporarily.”

Brook’s face changed color. After hearing such a command, he really sensed the severity of the issue.

“Go, let’s hope that it’s just me thinking too much.”

……

……

When Fei left the Chambord Civil and Military Academy, there weren’t a lot of people on the streets.

Fei rode 【Black Tornado】, the giant dog and headed back in the direction of King’s Palace. This big black dog was very intelligent. It walked slowly, and Fei was sitting on it thinking about all the things that he encountered today. He wanted to think everything through and find some clues, but he wasn’t able find any. He felt that a dark shadow had enveloped Chambord, but he wasn’t able to tell where the danger came from and why there would even be danger.

Fei’s eyebrows suddenly rose.

He sensed danger, as if he was targeted by a vicious beast. A deadly sensation locked onto him, as if a knife was pointed at his back.

“Is someone following me?” Fei thought. His face didn’t show anything, as he lightly tapped the big black dog under his crutch.

This beast was almost too smart. It immediately understood Fei, and without any sign, it quietly changed directions and headed to a back alley that was almost empty.

This back alley was close to the dump in Chambord. The air smelled really bad, and mice and cockroaches were everywhere. Fei rode 【Black Tornado】deep into the back alley, jumped off, patted its head to tell it to go aside and then stood there.

After more than ten seconds.

An orange, yellowish flame flashed in the dark back alley. Wherever this flame flashed, the mud, walls, and rocks all seemed to melt and became thick. Then, something amazing occurred. A yellow human figure appeared from the wall. After the flame went away, the yellow figure turned into a tall, strong man, and he stood in front of Fei.

“You intentionally led me here, didn’t you?”

A joking expression appeared on the man’s face. In the dark back alley, his tall figure seemed to isolate Fei from the outside world. His body emitted a sense of power as his eyes locked onto Fei. He didn’t hide his murderous intent one bit.



* * *





Chapter 104




Chapter 104

Chapter 104: Is My Act That Bad?



The man was more than 7 feet tall (210 cm), and he was very strong; his muscles filled up the leather armour, as if they were about to explode. He stood there, like a bear, like a giant wall.

The way he looked at Fei was like a cat looking at a mouse. With his lip lifting up, he didn’t hide his joking expression.

There was reason for him to do so.

From the information that he received, the little king in front of him was only a three-star warrior. Also, Okocha was suspicious that the mysterious four-star warrior was this guy in front of him, but he didn’t think so. No one in this world could advance to four-star rank from three-star rank in less than half a month.

It was impossible!

Therefore, when Okocha ordered him to test Fei’s strength, he followed Fei tightly and didn’t hide at all.

In his eyes, the fact that Fei led him to this back alley was like an insect jumping into a spider web.

But before testing this dumb king’s strength, he didn’t mind to shame the dignity of this king who appeared to be majestic. He was a little abnormal; nothing was more thrilling to him than ravaging the higher up royals and nobles.

Therefore, when he was talking, he didn’t hide his strength at all. It didn’t take very long for a cloud of energy to fly towards Fei – It was enough to shake the land. Wherever the orange, yellowish energy passed by, it was plated with a layer of yellow. Under such an environment, the man could control all the soil and rocks within 50 yards(m) from him.

He was an earth attributed master.

HIs name was Hershzen.

His strength was ranked number three in Thrace Kingdom.

In between his palms, numerous skulls were smashed into pieces; they belonged to defenseless kids, enchanting beauties, respectable elders, poor citizens, nobles, and more…… He was even ordered to kill a prince of Thrace Kingdom. It was a masterpiece that he could never forget about. He let that little 6 year old prince wail for ten days and ten nights before he died. That poor thing, when he died, there wasn’t a bone in his body that was left intact. By that point, his body had already turned into a pile of stinky, black meat paste.

Heshzen turned the little prince’s skull into a wine cup and carried it with him, using it to drink.

Quickly, Hershzen saw the scene that he wanted to see – after he demonstrated his strength slightly, the king’s confidence melted like the ice in a stove. His face changed color and his confidence turned into panic. Also, he tried to calm himself down, but Hershzen saw the king’s leg shaking like crazy. He was already looking around and observing the terrain, trying to find the best opportunity to escape.

This dumb king was trash as he expected.

“You want to run?”

Hershzen stepped forward and the joking expression on his face became even more obvious.

“You…… who are you? What do you want to do?” The king said in a shaky voice. What made Hershzen mad was that this guy covered his chest with his hands, as if Hershzen was about to do something inappropriate to him.

“Me?”

After seeing this, he was more confident with his guess. He chewed on a grass stem that he put in his mouth and whispered the words out in between his teeth disdainfully, “Little guy, daddy here is a killer. I will kill anyone if the price is right. What do you think I’m here to do?”

He tried to scare the hapless king in front of him even more.

“Ah……you……kill……kill me?” The little king trembled like a timid rabbit. He screamed as his faced turned pale. He stared at the man in shock, “Do you k

now who I am? I’m the king of Chambord. Do you dare to kill a king?”

Dumbass.

Hershzen was too lazy to say anything more to the little king.

Some people lacked even the basic self-awareness and lived in the world that they constructed for themselves. The privilege that they were born with made them arrogant. Not knowing that without their privilege, they were nothing… how sad was that?

“The little king in front of me is this type of naive and sad person.”

Hershzen walked closer step by step.

He definitely wasn’t going to kill this little king. After all, this king was an important part to the plan that was about to initiate. If the king died, it would destroy that person’s plan, and he couldn’t handle that.

All he wanted was to enjoy the scene of a king struggling and wailing in front of him.

“Ahhhhhhhhh……You……You, don’t come closer……what do you want?” The little king took many steps back. His face was as pale as a little rabbit that was pushed into a dead corner by a big wolf. He asked cautiously, “Why do you want to kill me? Who sent you? Tell me…… there must be some misunderstanding!”

Hershzen stepped closer and closer.

The orange, yellow flame flickered around him. The strength of a four-star earth attributed warrior was fully exerted. Wherever he stepped, even the hard rock would become a thick liquid, as if it turned into a swamp – this was the power of a four-star warrior; he could change the surroundings and create a battlefield that was the most suitable for him.

“Who sent you here?” The little king trembled even more. Under the cold, murderous intent, his conscious seemed to collapse and that was the only thing that he was shouting.

Unfortunately, it didn’t matter how overconfident Hershzen was; he didn’t answer any questions.

After all, he wasn’t really going to kill the king.

But at this moment, something strange happened –

When Hershzen was less than ten yards from the king, his expression changed.

He suddenly saw the trembling king’s expression changed from panic to …… disappointment.

Yes, it was the disappointment that kids would have when they didn’t get any comfort from their parents for crying or throwing a tantrum.

Before he could react, he heard the little king say, “Sigh, this isn’t fun. I didn’t get anything useful out of this…… Hey, blacky, tell me, was my act that bad?”

“Bark! Bark! Bark!”

The big black dog that had laid behind Fei yawned and barked out of boredom. It’s big shiny eyes glanced at Fei, as if it was urging – “Let’s go back to the palace after you quickly finish this, I haven’t had any dinner yet.”

“Whatever……” Fei looked at Hershzen in dissatisfaction. The timid expression was nowhere to be found. He instantly turned from prey to predator. His knuckles popped as he held on his fist tightly, shook his fist and said, “If you aren’t willing to cooperate, then I’ll change up my methods – I’ll let my fists do the talking!”

Hershzen’s face turned cold, and he said in a disdainful voice, “Just you?”

Fei didn’t say anything back.

He started stepping forward.

Hershzen’s face soon turned ugly.

Every step Fei took, the powerful sensation that his body emitted grew stronger. The sensation grew from peak two-star up; when Fei took his fifth step, the sensation was not weaker than that sensation that Hershzen’s four-star earth attributed energy emitted. Although there were no flashy energy flames, this explosive sensation gave Hershzen a sense of danger.

“I was tricked!”

Hershzen’s heart dropped.

It was this moment that he knew that he f*cked up.

He thought he had the dominance from the beginning and was laughing at the king for not having enough self awareness, but who knew that this king was acting and that damn dog was watching the drama.

Especially that giant black dog, the scornful look that it gave him made him feel like he wasn’t even worthy to the dog.

“You — are — dead!”

When the string of inferiority and pride in his heart was triggered, Hershzen fell into a state of total violence, as if the anus of a bear was plugged up with a stick by someone. He roared as the orange-yellowish energy shot all around like a high power light bulb and lit up the dark back alley. Then, his body turned into a bullet and flew towards Fei as he threw out a punch.

Fei stepped forward and answered the punch with a punch.

Boom!

The fists met in mid-air.

At this moment, it seemed that even time paused for a while. Then, the whole back alley starting shaking and that orange-yellowish flame started to crack. A tiny visible wave appeared on Hershzen’s fists and moved towards his arms……

What followed the wave was a series of bone cracking noises.

Then, it was Hershzen’s body. It was like a broken bag, he tilted and flew back at a speed that was faster than his initial charge.

Blood spilled everywhere.



* * *





Chapter 105




Chapter 105

Chapter 105: A Man and a Dog Was on the Loose



Hershzen felt like he was in a freezer.

He couldn’t believe what had happened. His eyeballs almost fell out. The unstoppable anger had turned into a deep sense of fear.

“HOW……It couldn’t be!”

Hershzen trained and exercised earth attributed energy. For earth attributed warriors, strength and defense were their advantages. They were known for earth-like thickness and rock-like tenacity. Their physical bodies were harder than any other attributed warriors of the same rank; it was that fact that allowed him to use his fists to initiate the attack.

However, the cold hard truth destroyed his confidence.

The little king in front of him shattered the four-star earth attributed energy that he was proud of with a simple punch. Then, an unknown vicious force entered his body and cracked the bones inside his arms.

“How? Is he a five-star warrior already?”

It only took a little time for his confidence to crack down. After getting his pride and what he relied on destroyed, this huge gap in the real strength between them caused Hershzen to subconsciously amplify Fei’s power. It was that thought that scared the soul out of him. He no longer had the courage to fight. As he was flying back from the initial contact, he utilized all the energy he had and the orange-yellowish flame flashed through the dark back alley again. Like how he appeared, he suddenly turned into a pile of mud that had a human figure and disappeared as he drilled into the soil.

“Yuck, this coward!” Fei spit onto the ground as he yelled, “How could a coward like you become an assassin?”

Chase!

This man had to know the things that Fei desperately wanted to know. Therefore, how could the king let go of such an important clue? Fei waved at the back, and the big black dog who was lazily lying there and counting the stars roared, jumped up, and rushed towards Fei like a tornado. Fei jumped up and mounted it as it chased the smell that the man left behind.

Fei had to admit that the stealth technique that earth-attributed warrior used was very effective around such a terrain; especially for people like Hershzen who were four-star ranked, their trace under the stealth technique was very hard to track down. On top of that, Hershzen seemed to spend a lot of time on the stealth technique. When he merged with the soil, nothing was visible from the outside, as if what happened in the back alley was an illusion, and there was never such as a person named Hershzen.

Unfortunately, this man was injured, and he wasn’t able to use the perfect stealth technique.

Fei also had locked Hershzen’s presence down, so there were traces. Fei carefully sensed the earth-attributed energy that was surging through the soil as he sped up 【Black Tornado】to chase after him.

Hershzen was very tricky.

After he merged into the soil, he tried to minimize and hide his presence as he slowly recovered from the damage that Fei dealt to him.

It wasn’t the first time that he had to escape.

He had successfully escaped from the chase of a six-star master before.

Therefore, after the initial panic, he had already calmed down. There was nothing in the world that would point to the true strength of the little King Alexander – a five-star warrior. This surprise shocked him, but he also felt very fortunate, “Thank god I reacted fast. After one encounter and knowing that I wasn’t his match, I didn’t hesitate, escape quickly and didn’t fall under the hands of that little king.”

“I have to inform His Highness Okocha as soon as possible. Otherwise, this may affect the plan.”

Hershzen traveled underground with some difficulty. The injuries in hi

s arms had affected his traveling speed.

Fortunately for him, his mission was accomplished. He didn’t have to worry about not being able to face the prince’s questions and punishment.

But at this moment, danger emerged –

“Boom! Boom!”

Two loud noises sounded. They took Hershzen by surprise and he didn’t know what was happening. Before he could react, he felt two enormous forces break open the firm soil on top of him and continue to smash down.

“Damn!”

That little king had caught up.

“He is using his brutal force to disrupt the ground to attack me? But……How did this damn king sense my existence underground?”

At this critical moment, Hershzen couldn’t think too much.

He gave up on protecting his injured arms and tried his hardest to rush forward. His travelling speed increased and he puked up a mouthful of blood as he did so. All of this effort was just enough to help him to escape from that attack. The two forces struck deep down into the ground and they missed Hershzen’s back by less than an inch (2 cm).

Before Hershzen could react, he heard another two booming sounds and another two forces struck the ground. The forces were aimed at Hershzen; they didn’t miss his location at all, as if that little king had X-ray vision.

Hershzen was scared to death.

His only option was to speed up and rush forward as quick as possible.

On the surface of the ground.

The big black dog【Black Tornado】really did turn into a tornado. It formed a strange route as it run forward. Fei continuously jumped into the air and punched at the ground. Under the dust, a series of fist marks were ironed into the soil and the forces from the punches cracked open the ground and formed numerous “spider webs” that spread to the surroundings.

Fei’s fists contained the monstrous physical power of the level 21 Barbarian. The power was sent deep into the ground and forced Hershzen to run around like a mouse.

Actually, more than ten seconds ago, Fei almost lost the man.

But at this moment, 【Black Tornado】demonstrated the tracking ability that surprised Fei – after the enhancement of the 【Hulk Potion】, this beast didn’t just increase in size and physical strength. The dog’s ability to smell things was amplified as well. During the high speed chase, 【Black Tornado】only needed to sniff the ground once to locate where Hershzen was; it hadn’t made a single mistake yet.

The beast was like a GPS.

One man and one dog were like cats teasing a rat, chasing after Hershzen on the ground.

At this point, Fei could easily capture the man who was previously acting like a dumbass. However, he suddenly realized that he should trace through the vines to find the fruit. He might be able to find more people who were hiding in the dark and more surprises if he followed this man. Therefore, Fei only tried to harass the man and not end his life.

“Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom!”

Each punch that landed on the ground had just missed Hershzen’s body. As if Fei was playing a game of whack-a-mole, one man and one dog were having a lot of fun, and everything was going along Fei’s plan; where Hershzen was headed was getting clearer by the second.

He was headed to the inn/caravansary region at Chambord.

It was the place where all the emissaries from all the kingdoms lived.

“Sh*t, so it is these foreign people that are causing all the trouble…… I want to see which of these people dare to f*ck with me!”

Fei continued the chase.

It was already dark, and there were only a few people on the streets; however, there were Chambord soldiers guarding this region. After hearing the loud booming noise, they formed into a line as they yelled and tried to stop Fei.

“Back off!” Fei yelled as he approached them, “I command all of you to withdrawal from the caravansary region, this region no longer needs protection!”

“Ah…… It’s Alexander His Majesty!”

The soldiers quickly recognized that the person mounted on the big black dog was King Alexander, but they didn’t know where the enemy is. But after hearing the order, they didn’t hesitate and withdrew from the caravansary region like a tide.

Fei didn’t pause and rushed into the caravansary region.

There were about twenty emissaries from all the kingdoms and they were all concentrated into this region. Fei didn’t have the chance meet with all the princes and emissaries so he wasn’t too familiar with the surroundings. He just let 【Black Tornado】do its thing and follow the smell of Hershzen.

This quickly alerted the guests who were staying here.

“Who dares to cause trouble here?”

“How dare you, His Highness is already asleep, do you want to die?”

“Arrest him……”

A series of high pitched angry shouts sounded from the building on both sides of the street. However, Fei and the dog were too fast; normal people couldn’t tell what was happening at all. They could only feel a wind blowing through them as the booming sounds passed by. Some star ranked warriors and mages saw what was happening, but the sensation that the man and the dog emitted extinguished their curiosity and will to follow.

After chasing another two hundred yards, Hershzen traveled into a large stone building and stopped escaping.

“It looks like we found the source.”

Fei rode the dog and they jumped over the four-yard high wall easily. After getting into the yard of the building, many guards rushed out and surrounded them, but the most powerful warrior among them was only a one-star warrior. Under the enormous, ocean-like sensation Fei emitted, all of them had trouble standing there and breathing; none of them could yell or stop Fei.

“Bark! Bark! Bark!”

The dog sniffed and started barking at a location in the stone building.



* * *





Chapter 106




Chapter 106: Touched a cactus?



‘The target is in that room,’ was what the black beast wanted to say.

Fei sneered.

He felt that after Hershzen traveled to this place, he stopped moving. Fei looked up and saw many people through the windows. From the feel of it, a few of them were way stronger than the guards in the yard. It was very bright in the building. People were walking around, talking and cheering; it seemed like there was a party going on.

“Ha, I’m so smart! I’ve taken these bastards by surprise! None of them will expect this!”

Fei decided not to give the opponents any breathing room.

He jumped on 【Black Tornado】as the beast jumped and charged up; they left a series of blurry afterimages in the air. He was sure that the one who was behind the scene was in this room. He didn’t hold back and kicked the wooden gate. The huge wooden gate that was carved from a hard black wood shattered into pieces and flew everywhere.

The party quieted down instantly.

Everyone here was shocked by this. After a brief moment of silence, people started yelling and screaming, and the sound of people drawing weapons followed.

“Who dares to interrupt?”

“Don’t you know that His Highness has guests over?”

“Guards, arrest this intruder!”

In a flash, the people in the building reacted. Eight simply dressed maids and a dozen guards pushed over the stone tables and chairs, and quickly surrounded a few people who seemed like the hosts and formed layers of human shield.

“Bark! Bark! Bark!”

That was the first thing that the big black dog did when it entered the building. The threatening deep roars dominated over all the other sounds. The crowd was surprised by the beast. “What is this? A horse? A dog? This thing is huge!” they all thought.

“Who are you?”

A brown haired, fancily dressed pretty boy pointed at Fei as he shouted angrily.

Fei sneered.

He decided to capture both the perpetrator and person behind the scene.

Therefore, the first thing he did when he entered the building was not to see who was in the building, but to locate where the man who tried to assassinate him was at by charging over and unleashing his level 21 Barbarian’s strength. A strong breeze blew inside the building.

Boom!

Fei punched into the ground.

The force shattered the bluestone-tiled floor and created a crack in the ground.

Fei laughed as he reached down to the ground and pulled Hershzen who was half dead out of the ground by his hair as if he was pulling out a carrot.

Bang!

The severely injured Hershzen was thrown in the middle of the building.

The orange-yellowish flame flashed through his body and his body was liquefying again; the man was trying to escape again. 【Black Tornado】 wasn’t going to give him the chance as it ran up and bit on Hershzen’s ankle with its sharp white teeth. The man gave a blood-curdling scream before he fainted.

The series of events happened in a few seconds.

Both 【Black Tornado】’s viciousness and Fei’s toughness shocked everyone.

A few guards who wanted to impress their masters felt their legs trembling and didn’t dare to move at all. The intruders were too violent; they didn’t doubt that the intruders could smash them into paste with just a single punch.

“Tell me, who are you guys, and why did you send an assassin to kill me, Chambord’s king?”

Fei stepped on Hershzen’s face that was covered in both mud and blood, glanced around, and observed everyone’s expression; none of them dared to look back at him in the eyes.

At this time, the guards outside rushed into the building.

What happened in the building was so loud that even the soldiers outside noticed the commotion. The sound of the footsteps became denser and denser, and more and more guards rushed in like the flood. They surrounded Fei with swords and spears that shined under the light, warning Fei of their sharpness.

The whole scene looked like a big blooming flower; the guards were the petals, while Fei and the beast were the delicate core.

Although they had the intruders surrounded, the people in the building didn’t feel any safer, including the fancily dressed pretty boy who was clearly the most protected. The surging sensation of the violent force that came off of Fei hinted to them: even with them all added up, they were no match for this man and his dog.

“Bark! Bark! Bark!”

The beast roared in coordination with its master’s will. The deep roars gave people an illusion, as if the next time that this beast opened its mouth, it would spout out deadly flames that could burn down the world like a Holy Dragon.

“Who’s in charge here? Step the f*ck out!”

Because he didn’t know anyone here, Fei let himself loose. The manner and temperament of a king was nowhere to be found. Instead, the way that he was stepping on Hershzen and the way he expressed himself made him look like a bandit.

“Cough! Cough! Cough!……” After a moment of silence, someone finally spoke, “Your Majesty, you……”

“Don’t associate yourself with me, f*ck off! I’m not Your Majesty!” Fei cut the person off instantly. He thought to himself, “You guys sent an assassin after me, so you guys definitely don’t take me as the king.” As he was about to swear back more, he suddenly realized that this voice was very familiar. It sounded like……like……Huh?

Fei was a bit surprised.

The next moment, a middle-aged man with a grateful temperament stepped out of the crowd and said: “Your Majesty, you are……”

“Ooooooo!”

【Black Tornado】was the one that reacted first.

The tricky beast that left people with the impression of a dragon suddenly became soft.

It turned from a violent beast to a cute “puppy”. Its tail wiggled like a wind as a flattering expression appeared on its face. It slowly walked up to the person, lied on the floor, and looked up as if it saw its mother.

Fei was dumbfounded.

“Eh……This……Eh……This……Eh, Uncle Bast, why are you here?” He said as he covered up his face.

He was embarrassed.

It seemed like there must have been some misunderstanding.

The person who stepped out of the crowd was Fei’s future father-in-law, the “old handsome” Bast. His eyes twitched a few times, but he quickly put himself back together. He saluted peacefully and clearly replied, “Your Majesty, as you ordered, I’m here to invite Prince Modric His Highness from Lake Kingdom to the Party at the King’s Palace tomorrow…… Allow me to introduce him to you. This is the young Prince Modric who has a spot in the [Ten Elites]!”

Fei felt like the sky was spinning.

“Holy shit, this misunderstanding is out of this world!”

From what Fei knew, Lake Kingdom had been a close ally of Chambord for more than a hundred years. They had saved Chambord numerous times, and it helped Chambord out at the last Military Practice that Zenit Empire hosted. On top of that, this Prince Modric was the ideal influencer at Lake Kingdom that favored the alliance with Chambord…… “This kingdom, this person, they would never send assassins after me.”

“It looks like…… I made a mistake.”

Fei never expected that not only would he not be able to find the “fruit” through the “vine”, but would instead touch a “cactus”.

Fei just wanted learn the identity of the man who he beat to half to death and hide into the ground; he was too embarrassed.

Fortunately, his future father-in-law was very smooth.

The “old handsome” didn’t seem to be embarrassed at all. In a few words, he explained the stance of both parties. It turned out that the fancily dressed “pretty boy” was the third prince of Lake Kingdom, Modric himself.

The atmosphere in the building returned to normal after Bast’s explanation.

The guards exited the building with cold sweat covering their bodies.

The party continued.

However, everyone looked at Fei with strange expressions on their faces. They were very surprised that the violent intruder was the young King Alexander of Chambord.

“Didn’t people say that Alexander is a retard that only has the intelligence of a three-year old? When did he become such a master?”

Fortunately, Modric was a very kind prince. A smile was on his handsome face the whole time; with his great stance and graceful temperament, he looked like a true royal compared to the bandit-like Fei.

The party slowly became more cheerful.

Fei had to endure his embarrassment as he told Bast and Modric what had happened.

“Huh, I know this man.”

After a few drinks, Prince Modric looked closely at the injured man who was already tied up with iron chains and said, “This man is Hershzen. He is Thrace Kingdom’s Prince Okocha’s personal guard, one of the few four-star warriors that Thrace Kingdom has.”

Last Chapter



* * *





Chapter 107




Chapter 107: Devastating! Death Castle



“Thrace Kingdom?”

Fei was excited. He thought that the trace would end here with this big misunderstanding, but who knew that the only clue he had “revived”. He quickly confirmed, “Prince Modric, are you sure it’s him?”

“I shouldn’t be wrong. This is one of the only few masters in Thrace Kingdom, and he is only job is to protect Prince Okocha, who is one of the [Five Eagles]. He is also stronger than the other four star warriors, which left me a vivid impression…… King Alexander, if he used earth-attributed energy during the previous fight, then I’m 100% sure.” Modric swirled his golden, emerald-embedded wine cup as he said confidently.

“Haha, this guy is an earth-attributed energy warrior……Haha, this is great!”

Fei was overjoyed; he walked up to Hershzen, picked up the tightly tied man and gave him three strong slaps. Blood spilled and a few white teeth flew out of Hershezn’s mouth. The pain woke up Hershzen who had fainted; he tried to move, but the painful sensation from his four limbs stopped him. It turned out that to prevent him from escaping, the guards had pierced all of his limbs with the specially made iron chain as they were tying him up. His body was locked down.

“So it was Okocha who sent you after me?”

Fei held Hershzen up by the chest and asked viciously.

Hershzen slowly opened his eyes. At this point, he was fully aware of his surroundings; not only was he severely injured, but the iron chain that tied him up through his limbs were specially made for high level warriors and mages. It countered them hard by suppressing the energies that they had. Even if Hershzen was at his prime, he couldn’t escape from it. With Fei who had easily defeated him standing beside him, he knew he had no chance.

He gave Fei a deadly stare, and then turned his head and kept silent.

“Hey, you are already half dead. Why is this dumb assassin trying to act like a martyr and not giving up?” Fei thought.

However, Fei didn’t stop his actions. Two more slaps landed on Hershzen’s face.

Looking from far, it looked like as if two bread loaves were stuffed into Hershzen’s cheeks. His lips were swollen, and all of his teeth went missing. With his nasal bone broken, he could only inhale and couldn’t exhale.

Both the hosts and the guests at the party didn’t react well to this.

“Hiss—”

They all took a deep breath as a chilling sensation passed through their spines and up to their brains…… “Oh God of War, this young king of Chambord is too violent. A few slaps seemed like a few hammer strikes. How much strength does he have?”

People murmured amongst themselves as they thought about the King busting through the gate a few moments ago, and now this.

“Bark! Bark! Bark!”

【Black Tornado】was the only creature that was excited. It stopped biting and chewing on a roasted pig, stood up and roared with a fierce expression on its face.

However, the beast quieted down and went back to the roasted pig after Bast gave it a stare…… After seeing this, the people from Lake Kingdom thought to themselves, “This dog is the perfect match for this king! Both are violent animals.”

Fei on the other hand threw Hershzen back onto the ground, thought for a while and asked, Uncle Bast, do you know where the representatives from Thrace Kingdom live?”

“You are going to……” Bast knew Fei too well. He immediately understood what Fei wanted after that sentence. His nerves tensed up and advised, “Alexander, don’t act on an impulse. We aren’t 100% sure of what is going on. If there are any misunderstandings, it may cause tension and disputes between the kingdoms.”

“Impulse? Disputes?”

Fei smiled as he shook his head, “I’m not acting under impulse, and there won’t be any disputes. Didn’t this Thrace Kingdom always support BlackRock Kingdom, which is opposition against Chambord? Why would they come to congratulate me on my Coronation? I bet they are up to no good. This is a good opportunity to arrest this damn prince. If there are any misunderstandings, let their king come and talk to me!”

The dominating demeanor again shocked the guests from Lake Kingdom.

The “old handsome” Bast hesitated. He finally nodded and said, “Should we notify Lampard and Brook? Once we confirm that they are guilty, it won’t be too late to arrest them; if you go by yourself……”

“I’m alright with just me!”

After Fei said that, he waved and the big black dog who was laying there enjoying the roasted pig jumped up and rushed to Fei’s side as if an elite soldier heard his commander’s order.

There were too many people here and Fei didn’t know them well. Fei wouldn’t tell Bast of all the bad discoveries that he made. But since the man who tried to assassinate him had been identified, then Thrace Kingdom was the most suspicious suspect. He might even be able to get some more important information if he could arrest people like Prince Okocha, so he had to be decisive. Otherwise, he might miss the opportunity.

“King Alexander, wait up,” Prince Modric suddenly said. “If you don’t mind, I’m willing to bring soldiers and warriors of Lake Kingdom to give you a hand.”

“Ah, that would be great! Thank you in advance!”

Fei was delighted, and quickly showed his thanks.

His original plan was to arrest some of the important figures that Thrace Kingdom sent here on his own. However, most of Thrace Kingdom’s soldiers, guards and servant would have escaped. If Modric could assist him by locking the whole place down, then there would be a chance to arrest all the people from Thrace Kingdom.

It looked like that this Prince Modric really was a figure that favoured Chambord.

After a few minutes.

Fei and Modric surrounded the building that Thrace’s representatives were staying at with hundreds of soldiers and guards under the cover of the dark night. This building was located at a remote corner in Chambord Kingdom and was not connected to any other structures. The wooden gate of the building was fully closed. Two magic lanterns were hung by the gate; they had brightened up the atmosphere as they swung in the wind. The whole place was dead silent.

Modric ordered the soldiers to quickly guard all the exits of the building, and himself with his personal guards guarded the main gate. This was after all the dispute between Chambord and Thrace Kingdom. This would be all the help that Lake Kingdom could provide. They didn’t follow Fei and attack the building.

Fei and 【Black Tornado】 got closer to the main gate quietly.

The moon had hidden into the dark clouds. A chilling breeze passed by and blew up the dried leaves on the ground. There was an unspeakable desolateness as death seemed to hide within the silent dark night.

This silence could quickly turn into a chaotic and lethal battle.

Fei got closer and closer to the building.

“Sh*t! Things have changed!”

Fei’s face changed colour when he was about five to six yards away from the main gate. He suddenly sensed a thick bloody smell. The smell seemed to carry some heat as well…… Fei thought of something as he rushed in and kicked open the huge wooden gate.

Boom!

The wooden gate that was about five to six hundred pounds flew inward, and Fei rushed in, followed by the dog.

Fei was shocked by what he saw in the building.

The big black dog was shocked as well, and froze there.

They stared at each other in unison.

“How did this happen?”

The scene in the building was beyond Fei’s imagination. Twenty to thirty corpses lied behind the gate; it was obvious that they died not too long ago, since the wounds were still bleeding and the heat from the blood created white steam in the cold autumn night. After a careful observation, Fei was a bit relieved; these corpses were dressed differently than Chambord soldiers.

A hick bloody smell filled the air.

The blood from the corpses merged into streams. The blood didn’t solidify; it slowly flowed on the ground.

The building was quiet and scary.

Lights in the rooms farther away were all on, but there were no sounds.

This was like a death castle.

Fei and the beast kept their guard up as they slowly walked further into the building. Nothing was alive on the way. On the stairs, in the garden, under the trees, on stone chairs, at the corners, beside pillars…… corpses were everywhere. It was clear that these people encounter something they couldn’t defend against while they were still alive. Most of them didn’t even have the chance to draw out their weapons. The unbelievable expression on their faces indicated that they saw something devastating.

Fei observed closely.

He found that there were at least four wounds on each corpse, and they were deep into the bones. The more unfortunate one’s had their body separated, and detached limbs stacked up on the ground…… The scene was terrifying, as if this was the hell mentioned in all the horror stories.

Last Chapter



* * *





Chapter 108




Chapter 108: Restricted Area in the Back Mountain

The man and the dog sprinted to the final hall in the building.

This hall was where Prince Okocha lived. This place was filled with corpses, but there were finally signs of fighting and struggling. By this time, Fei could tell that the killer was a fire-attributed warrior or mage; there were traces of fire damage, some corpses were even burned to ashes. The air here smelled like blood combined with roasted and burnt meat…… Fei’s eyes focused closely.

He saw a more well kept corpse lying at the end of the hall.

This corpse was wearing a set of shiny armour. Magic energy loomed around the armour; it was obviously an expensive piece of magic equipment. The corpse had blonde hair and his face could be considered handsome if he was still alive, but his aquiline nose ruined the “whole picture”. He was also wearing a golden crown that was decorated with a dozen gems. His frightened expression indicated that he couldn’t believe what was happening at the last moment of his life. His throat was sliced by something sharp and the wound had burn marks. Tons of bloody bubbles were spurted out of his mouth; the blood started to condense and turn black.

Nothing was alive in this stone building and courtyard.

The whole emissary group from Thrace Kingdom, including more than two hundred people were massacre by an unknown enemy with almost no resistance.

The wind at night gave Fei a chill to his bones.

From the body temperatures, the battle occurred less than ten minutes ago; that what surprised Fei the most. The emissary group from Thrace Kingdom lived only about 3 miles (4 km) away from Lake Kingdom’s emissary group. It meant that when he was with Prince Modric and Bast, the two hundred people were murdered not far away. There were a few star ranked warriors from Thrace Kingdom, but Fei didn’t feel anything; normally, he would have definitely sensed it.

It was too terrifying!

What rank warrior or mage could pull this off in silence?

And for what reason would attackers murder the prince from Thrace Kingdom?

Fei felt that the situation was getting more complex.

He originally thought that after solving Hershzem’s assassin case, he would get to the bottom of it. But from what he knew now, his hypothesis couldn’t be farther from the truth.

Fei suddenly heard footsteps behind him.

“Your Majesty……this?”

It was Bast and Prince Modric. After waiting for a long time outside and not hearing any fighting noises nor Fei’s calls, they got worried and rushed in with the soldiers. They discovered that the situation was off when they saw all the dead bodies on the ground.

“I didn’t kill these people. When I came in, they were already dead.”

Fei frowned as he told them what he saw first hand. Both Bast and Modric were terrified. After examining the corpse in a magic armour lying at the end of the hall, Modric yelled, “This is Prince Okocha of Thrace Kingdom…… Okocha is one of the [Five Eagles], and had four-star ranked abilities. Who could have cut his neck open with just one strike?”

Fei shook his head.

Blacky the dog sniffed around the hall, as if it was trying to find some clue.

“Only six-star ranked masters could have done this, and there had to be more than one. Otherwise, they couldn’t kill these many people without causing any chaos.” Modric was shocked by his own findings.

“Your Majesty, how should we handle this?” Bast seemed calm; however, he was a minister, not a soldier or a general commander, so he wasn’t used to these kinds of bloody scenes. His face was pale and he tried really hard not to puke.

“Order everyone to back away from the building, and then tell Brook to send soldiers to lock this place down. Don’t let anyone else know what happened here temporarily,” Fei said. It seemed to be the only thing that could be done.

The situation was getting more complicated.

Fei was sure that Chambord somehow was unknowingly involved in a huge vicious conspiracy…… It was a disaster in the making. If it really were six-star ranked masters who carried out this Thrace Massacre, then one of them could easily tear Chambord apart.

The residence of Thrace Kingdom’s emissary group was quickly locked down by Brook and the soldiers.

Fei ordered some forensics doctors to investigate the scene at night, wishing that these doctors could find the clues that were neglected. These bodies would have to be buried or burnt soon. Although it was already late autumn, these corpses had to be quickly dealt with, just in case they got smelly or rotted faster than expected and caused diseases such as the plague.

The soldiers and guards from Lake Kingdom who assisted Fei were ordered by Prince Modric to keep their mouths shut…… However, a tragedy of these scale wouldn’t be kept secret for too long. The outside world would know sooner or later.

When Fei, Bast, Modric and the soldiers went back to Lake Kingdom Emissary Group’s residence, a Lake’s soldier rushed to them and reported, “Your Highness, King Alexander, that,….. that captive named Hershzen…… He is dead!”

Everyone was shocked by the news.

“Dead? How did he die?” Fei asked angrily.

After the whole emissary group from Thrace Kingdom was murdered, the only possible clue that they could get on the situation would have to come from this earth-attributed warrior captive. Fei was planning to interrogate Hershzen immediately, but no one could have imagined that the last bit trace of the situation would end this way.

“It was suicide. He hid a poison pill in his mouth. After you guys left, he died of that poison,”

the soldier explained.

Fei’s headed to the hall with a straight face.

Hershzen who was severely injured by him was obviously dead. Some white foam was on his lips; it was the after effect of the poison. His expression was stiff and ferocious. The skin on his head turned black, and black blood flowed out of from the openings on his head. His lips and throat had also turned purple. This signified that Hershzen did in fact die from the poison, a deadly poison. The white foam that dripped from his lips had corroded and and formed potholes on the stone floor.

“The last clue…… is f*cking gone.”

Fei felt like there was an invisible hand that was controlling everything. He could see everything that was happening, but no clues were left behind. It seemed like the invisible hand was also influencing what he was doing to the degree where he felt controlled.

Fei suddenly thought of something as he stared at Hershzen’s ugly dead face. He squatted down, swung his hand, took out a little bottle from hiss Barbarian’s storage space, carefully collected some samples of the white foam on Hershzen’s lips and put the bottle back in the storage space.

“Since he is dead, he no longer has any value. Brook, send someone to throw this body into the residence of Thrace’s Emissary Group, and deal with the rest of the corpses together…… Be careful, this corpse contains a deadly poison,” Fei signal Brook.

Brook was a bit surprised; he took away Hershzen’s body himself with the help of a soldier.

When Fei returned to King’s Palace, it was already midnight.

Fie was still thinking about what had happened today. There were too many things that happened today; they all occurred so quickly that it was unbelievable. He thought back again and again and got more scared as he did so. More and more powerful masters had secretly entered Chambord. Even six-star ranked masters had shown themselves. Fei could smell the conspiracy.

“Why did these people come to Chambord?”

Fei thought on his stone chair, “Did the mythical ruins get exposed?”

It wasn’t realistic. If that happened, then the underground cave in the back mountain would be chaotic by now. But the reality was that it was the quietest place at Chambord for the last couple of days…… However, except for that, Fei couldn’t come up with any other reasons for why so many powerful warriors and mages could come here. The Coronation Ceremony for a level six affiliated kingdom wasn’t that attractive.

Fatigue caught up with Fei; he slowly fell asleep as he processed the information.

The next day.

There were only two more days to go before the Coronation Ceremony.

After enjoying breakfast in Angela and Emma’s cheerful laughter, Fei watched the two girls leave the palace mysteriously; they said that they were preparing some kind of present for the ceremony.

As Fei was getting ready to enter Diablo World to level up his assassin character, Warden Oleg rushed in in a panic with Palace’s Guard Michelle-Barak.

“Your Majesty, someone broke into the restricted area in the back mountain last night,”

The fatty shouted as he swiped the sweat off of his forehead.

“What? Tell me more!” Fei was surprised; he suddenly thought of something horrible. He was afraid that what he feared had actually occurred.

Last Chapter



* * *





Chapter 109




Chapter 109: Gold Saint Sword – Excalibur



Fei and Warden Oleg arrived at the restricted area in the Back Mountain.

Fortunately, the intruder seemed to not know exactly where the entrance to the underground cave was at, and the intruder didn’t have a clear objective. The intruder randomly searched the back mountain. When the intruder fought with Pierce and Drogba, the intruder quickly left after a quick contact. The person came and also left quickly, so Chambord didn’t suffer any casualties or loss of any kind.

“The person wore a tight black suit, and their face was also covered. In the dark night, I didn’t capture any details……”

“The intruder was very strong. We couldn’t get within three yards of the intruder……”

“That person seemed like they didn’t want any trouble and didn’t want to kill anyone. The person left after a brief contact……”

“It seemed like the person was trying to find something……”

The guards for the restricted area, including Pierce told Fei what had happened last night with an embarrassed expression on their faces. Fei listened carefully and calmed down by the end.

It was obvious that the intruder was a high star ranked master. Although the guards had numerous years of experience in the military and on the battlefield, they weren’t a match for the opponent. Luckily, the intruder left after a quick search; the guards chased after the person but that didn’t help at all. They didn’t even find a single hair.

“Okay, I know what happened. Go back to your positions and be more alert from now on!”

Fei waved and sent the guards away. He carefully went around the Back Mountain and wanted to find any possible clue that the intruder might have left with 【Black Tornado】. However, he didn’t find anything; even the sensitive smell of the dog was of no use. Finally, the man and the dog stood on the tip of the Back Mountain and glanced far away. The chilly breeze of the autumn morning carried the dry yellow leaves as they danced in the sky. The golden light of the morning sun shined over Chambord Castle and painted it into a golden castle like how it was described in the tales……This was a beautiful and quiet pure land.

This was Fei’s only home on the Azeroth Continent.

“It doesn’t matter who it is, but if they dare to put their hands on Chambord, I will cut their damn arms off without mercy.”

Fei tightened his fists and swore in his mind.

The cold wind slowly calmed Fei down.

He quickly found out that his prior thoughts were all wrong; he was misled by someone. There was only reason why he was encountering troubles – he wasn’t strong enough. Both Fei’s personal strength and Chambord Kingdom’s strength were both too weak. Thinking about it, if Fei was a sun ranked master, or if Chambord was a Level Nine Empire, who would dare to cause these troubles in Chambord’s territory?

Therefore, the objective for Fei would be to increase his and his kingdom’s strength.

Then, he could take care of all the trouble with his fists.

After thinking it through, Fei felt relieved as he had found some light in this period of darkness. He directly entered the underground cave, found a stone room and ordered a soldier to guard the entrance. He chose the Assassin Mode in the 3D Diablo Selection Screen and started leveling up his assassin character.

After spending about three hours, Fei had completed four quests: 【Den of Evil】,【Sisters’ Burial Grounds】,【Search for Cain】and 【Tools of the Trade】, and leveled the assassin character to level 10. In the process, Fei acquired another female mercenary. Her name was

Ihrana; she was a young blue hair pretty rogue and she was a lightning magic archer. As Fei expected, she was similar to the mercenaries that his non-Barbarian characters got; this girl behaved rigidly. She didn’t have her own intelligence and thinking abilities; she was more like an ordinary NPC.

“This is strange. Why do only the NPCs at 【Rogue Encampment】in my Barbarian Character’s parallel world have intelligence and act like real people? In the other parallel worlds such as my Paladin and Sorceress characters, and even other maps in my Barbarian Character’s parallel world don’t have this intelligence.”

This question was always on Fei’s mind.

After completing the four quests, Fei calculated the time and decided not to continue in Assassin Mode and switched to Barbarian Mode. He spent half an hour learning the potion composition skill from Akara, and then he went to the big busted Charsi.

“Hey, beautiful forging master, how is that armour coming along?”

Charsi who was busy forging with the magic hammer didn’t say a word. She wiped sweat off of her forehand and threw a golden helmet at Fei; in the meantime, she was still hammering on a chest armour. “I knew you needed these sets of armours right away, so I worked all night long; but I only have this helmet completed……”

Fei caught the helmet with his hands, then said thanks and observed the helmet carefully.

The helmet had a misty gold light around it. It didn’t look like the standard T-shaped knight helmet that was common on Azeroth Continent. Two yellow bull-like horns were located on the sides of the helmet, which looked domineering and ferocious. A line of shorter yellow spikes was located in between the two horns and pointed up towards the sky…… This helmet had a mysterious magic. When you stared at it, you could almost see a tough bull showing its steel-like horns and charging at you.

Taurus Helmet!

“Perfect! Haha, this is perfect! Charsi, this is exactly what I wanted. Haha, you have perfectly made my design come to life. You are a genius at forging!”

+20 armour, and the user has the ability to cast the level 1 lightning spell – 【Charged bolt】

Although this helmet seemed a bit weak compared to the helmet that Fei was using, the additional effect was great. Plus, this helmet was only Charsi’s practice piece, and she could only use 【Chipped Gems】when forging magic items. Once her forging ability increased, she would be able to use better gems and make stronger armour according to Fei’s wish. Fei believed that one day this busty and pretty blacksmith would be able to forge out the perfect 12 sets of Gold Saints Cloth.

For the last half hour before he had to leave Diablo World, Fei utilized his time at Charsi’s and asked her to re-forge the blue magic sword that she made before.

The re-forged magic sword turned into a golden sword. The design was simple; there were no pretty patterns. Parallel blades, it had a long pointy tip, the body of the sword was thick, and the handle could be griped by two hands. The guard on the sword looked like an eagle that opened its wings…… Under the effect of the gems and magic power, the sword looked fascinating; it gave Fei an illusion that it could cut through any substance.

+20 attack damage, and + 20% attack accuracy.

This was the property of the golden sword.

Fei touched the blade of the sword and a chilling sensation came from his fingers, “From now on, this sword will be called Excalibur!”

Excalibur, it was the ultimate weapon of the Gold Saints Capricorn Shura in the Japanese anime series Saint Seiya. It could break any substance in the universe. It was indestructible, and showered in the light of the sun and moon. It was a weapon that even the gods were afraid of.

Fei wished that this sword could continuously level up and one day reach the sharpness and toughness of the true Gold Saint Sword.

After that was done, he was close to the time limit of the day. Before he exited the Diablo World, he reached out to the cold mysterious voice in his head and tried to convert the Taurus Helmet and the Gold Saint Sword Excalibur into the real world.

It wasn’t the first time that Fei tried to convert weapons and items into the real world.

Before, he wasn’t able to convert anything other than potions and gems. The answer he got from that cold, mysterious voice was that his level wasn’t high enough. But after considering that both items were newly designed by him and forged by Charsi, he wanted to try again.

“……Taurus Helmet , conversion success rate 100%, cost of conversion 10,000 gold coins. Magic sword Excalibur, conversion success rate 100%, cost of conversion 10,000 gold coins. Please confirm the conversions.”

What the voice said surprised Fei.

100% conversion success rate, it was unbelievable.

“Conversion confirmed!”

“Conversion calculating……successfully converted. Young warrior Fei. You have triggered one of the three legendary Miraculous Skills -【Give】. You can give Taurus Helmet and the Magic sword Excalibur to anyone to use. There are no limits on it.”

Fei was overjoyed.

In the underground cave inside the Back Mountain.

Fei returned to the stone room from the Diablo World.

He thought for a while and waved. After a light buzz, a blue oval portal appeared in the room and Charsi walked out of it.

“I have found you some assistants,” Fei smiled as he pointed at the blacksmiths such as Rock Samuel who were sweating as they forged weapons in the hall at the underground cave. “With helpers, maybe you could forge a bit faster……One more thing, if you could, please teach those guys a little. Their forging skills are far from good. It would be even better if you could take them as apprentices!”

Fei was like a creeper trying to trick kids with candies. He tried to entice Charsi so that the blacksmiths at Chambord could have the chance to learn Charsi’s amazing forging skills.

Last Chapter



* * *





Chapter 110




Chapter 110: The Prototype of Capricorn Saint Seiya



At first, Fei was worried that these bulky blacksmiths would not be too friendly, and it would be hard for Charsi to be around them. However, people with similar interests would naturally become friends in a very short amount of time.

What actually happened was that at first, when Fei introduced Charsi to the blacksmiths, they didn’t believe Fei. In their opinion, a pretty girl like Charsi was better off staying at home and taking care of kids and elders, not playing with hammers in front of a smoky forge. But after Charsi forged a sharp longsword with a huge hammer that weighed about 300 pounds in less than ten minutes, all the blacksmiths were shocked. They almost bit their tongues. They forged weapons and armour for a living, and they could tell that Charsi was very experienced and had a set of unimaginable forging techniques just by looking at how she moved. All of them willingly became apprentices of Charsi one by one.

The NPC from the Diablo World quickly mixed in with the aboriginals of Azeroth Continent. Charsi’s forging skills conquered everyone.

After Charsi joined forces with Chambord’s blacksmiths, the transformation speed of the underground cave improved dramatically. From Warden Oleg’s calculations, the first stage of the transformation would be completed in half a month.

“Tell the warriors, including Pierce and Drogba to see me in four hours at this stone hall.”

Fei ordered Oleg to pay attention to a few things and summoned the hot mercenary Elena and her sisters from the Diablo World to guard the underground cave just in case the mysterious intruders came again. Then, he rode 【Black Tornado】and left.

The big black dog sprinted quickly down the mountain. It was very agile, but Fei didn’t feel any bumps or tosses. In less than 10 minutes, they arrived at the region of Chambord that was the residence for emissaries of the other kingdoms.

The tragedy that happened to Thrace Kingdom’s emissaries had not yet been exposed to the public. Prince Modric of Lake Kingdom ordered his mages to set up a Sensation Isolation Magic Array around Thrace Kingdom’s residence so that the bloody smell didn’t leak out. When Fei arrived, the residence was still under strict surveillance of the King’s Guard.

“Your Majesty!”

The head of the team of King’s Guard, Ivanovic quickly saluted as he saw Fei.

Ivanovic was a guy that didn’t like to talk, and he was one of the strongmen who followed Fei and battled on the stone bridge when the black armoured enemies invaded. He was a stone craftsman and was born with powerful physical strength; now, he was one of Fei’s team leaders in the King’s Guards. He was highly trusted by Fei, and that was why he was chosen to lock down Thrace Kingdom’s residence.

“Team leader, thank you for your hard work!”

Fei tapped Ivanovic’s shoulder and signaled him to continue guarding the building to not let anyone in. Fei and the big black dog jumped over the 4 yard high stone wall.

The courtyard and the building were filled with a bloody odor. A ton of blood had dried up and turned into black solids. Forensic doctors had investigated the scene all night long, but they didn’t find any new clues. Fei didn’t come here to investigate anymore, since his targets were……these corpses.

From Fei’s perspective, these bastards from Thrace Kingdom got what they deserved. However, their corpses were what Fei needed the most – they were the resources that Fei needed to use 【Find Potion】.

For the last week or so, there weren’t many dead bodies in Chambord for Fei to use 【Find Potion】on, and he only had a limited amount of 【Hulk Potions】. Now, he had more than 200 corpses, and they were all his enemies. Fei didn’t feel any mental burden.

He squatted down and placed his right hand onto a corpse’s chest. A light magical energy flowed out of his hand and onto the corpse. 【Find Potion】was used.

Boom!”

The corpse blew into pieces and thick blood in the corpse that hadn’t dried up yet spilled all over the ground. Fei didn’t get a potion.

However, Fei wasn’t worried since there were a lot of corpses, so he was able to bear these losses. Plus, his Barbarian Character was already level 21, so the success rate of 【Find Potion】had increased a lot.

During the next two hours, Fei had repeated the same move. His Barbarian’s low mana was depleting at an insane rate. Fortunately, Fei had converted enough 【Mana Potions】into the real world, so he was able to replenish his mana and use 【Find Potion】numerous times.

While Fei was doing that, the big black dog was sniffing through the entire residence, as if it was trying to find something, but it seemed like it wasn’t successful.

“Let’s go Blacky; there’s nothing worth staying here for any longer.”

Fei had used 【Find Potion 】 more than a hundred and thirty times, consumed sixteen 【Mana Potions】, and in total got twenty-six bottles of 【Hulk Potion】. Although it was less than what he was hoping for, that was enough for his upcoming plans.

The man and the dog left Thrace Kingdom’s residence.

After ten minutes, Fei found Priest Zola at the Church.

“There are 11,000 magic gems. Holy Knight Luciano escorted the fleet personally to St. Petersburg and back……” The servants carried ten huge chests that were made from black iron and placed them in front of Fei. The chests seemed very heavy as the servants were shaking and sweating after they put the chests down. Zola pointed at the cross sword concave symbol on one chest and explained patiently, “These holy chests are specially designed and forged to safeguard important and precious scriptures and items. Unless someone injects the purest Holy Energy onto the cross sword symbol, the chest won’t open. If people try to open it with brute force, the chest will be destroyed, and so would the items inside the chest.

Fei had switched to Paladin Mode before he entered the Church. Now, he pushed a small amount of the golden Paladin’s Aura out of his fingers and injected it into the cross sword symbol on one holy chest. He heard a series of small mechanical noises that were made from the gears and springs. A tiny holy light ring flashed in the hall and “Crack!”, the chest opened itself up.

A red light instantly lit up the dark secret Chamber at the back of the church.

The holy chest was filled with more than a thousand fire-attributed magic gems. In Diablo World terms, these were 【Chipped Ruby Gems】. The gems were flashy and carried a burning energy. The air around them felt dry and uncomfortable. These beautiful precious “stones” would make any ordinary person ecstatic.

“The other holy chests contain other types of magic gems: water, earth, metal……” Zola explained with a humble expression on his face. He believed that Fei was the 【God’s favorite child】in the legends without a doubt. All he could think of was how to hold onto Fei tighter so that he could have a better future.

“Eh, good work!” Fei nodded in satisfaction, “These attributed gems will be kept at the Church for now. When I need them, I will send some here to pick them up.”

Fei picked a few magic gems from each chest and put them in his pocket. The decision of keeping more than 10,000 magic gems at the church was not an impulsive decision. At this point, Chambord was under great danger. Even the underground cave was not very secure. He might even be under surveillance. Therefore, these magic gems shouldn’t be moved around. The safest bet was to keep them at the Church. The Holy Church was the most powerful force on the continent after all, and it was very protective of all of its personnel and properties. Ordinary warriors and mages wouldn’t dare cause trouble at the Church.

“My pleasure! It would be a great honour!”

After hearing that Fei was intending to leave an enormous amount of magic gems under his keep, Zola was overjoyed. It was a very important job and Fei left it all to him. He felt that all of his hard work paid off; Fei had finally trusted him and treated him as one of his men.

……

After he left the Church, Fei rode the big black dog and went around the kingdom aimlessly for a while. The big black dog suddenly turned into a tornado, rushing to the back mountain and entering the underground cave. The guards who were securing the restricted areas were the hundreds of soldiers who were picked out by Cech. They had drank the diluted 【Hulk Potion】. Pierce and Drogba were patiently waiting for him in the stone hall.

“Your Majesty!”

After seeing Fei’s arrival, Pierce and others didn’t hide their admiration at all. They all kneeled down and saluted. On Azeroth Continent, under the law of the jungle, the powerful warriors and mages would be worshiped by ordinary people and soldiers.

“All rise!”

Fei turned around and sat down on a stone chair in the hall and glanced through everyone.

Everyone felt the solemn atmosphere.

The king seemed to have something extremely important to announce.

Fei’s eyes landed on Pierce, the white-haired brave man. This robust warrior left Fei with a first impression that was yet to be topped. On the defense wall in the death battle, to destroy the enemy’s siege ladder, this man risked his life to lock down a powerful enemy’s rapier with his flesh and blood…… It was also this sturdy warrior who followed him voluntarily and charged into the thousands of enemies. He was extremely loyal, even if it meant bleeding and dying.

The impression of Pierce in Fei’s mind gradually merged with another figure in his mind.

A gold light flashed by and a simple, classic double-handed sword appeared in Fei’s hand. “This gold sword has a glorious name – Excalibur. It was the weapon of a most loyal warrior. His name was Shura. In Shura’s hands, this sword could make even gods tremble and fear. It could cut through any substance in the universe and shatter all the evil and darkness. It’s a sword of a guardian, a sword of honor, a sword of loyalty, a sword of bravery. Today, I will bestow this sword to one of you!”

Fei held the sword by the hilt, and the golden light from the sword enveloped him, making him look like a god.

With a smile, his eyes focused on Pierce.

Last Chapter



* * *





Chapter 111




Chapter 111: Continue the Pirated Version of Saint Seiya to the End

“Paul Pierce, my most loyal warrior of Chambord City, my most trusted friend, in the name of the King of Chambord City, I hereby grant you this legendary sword, and from you I pray for a lifetime of loyalty, glory, and justice.”

Fei vaguely remember this passage after reading the royal collection.

Pierce was stunned in his spot, and he looked almost unbelievably at Fei until the muscular man Drogba beside him lightly poked him with his hand. Then, the white haired muscular man finally reacted. He knelt on one knee in front of Fei, and with his right fist pressed on his heart, feeling his heart beating, he followed the Azeroth Knight’s etiquette and vowed-

“Pierce is willing to use his entire life to serve his sole master, King Alexander!”

Fei smiled as he lightly tapped Pierce’s shoulders with the holy sword Excalibur’s tip, and then followed the etiquette on the book. He turned the sword around and officially handed it to the loyal soldier that was making his vows in front of him. The mysterious cold voice unexpectedly appeared in Fei’s brain again-

“Young warrior, you triggered one of the three godly skill’s [Give], please confirm. Do you want to give the Excalibur Sword to the soldier Paul Pierce kneeling in front of you?”

Sun Fei slightly hesitated for a second and then immediately chose [Confirm].

The next moment, Fei felt that his hands had become lighter, and then he saw the golden holy sword in his hands turn into a golden light. Flashing with a brilliant light in the stone hall, the sword suddenly spun, flew slowly to the Paul Pierce who was kneeling on the ground, and ultimately disappeared on the forehead of this white haired muscular man.

This scene shocked everyone in the stone hall.

This was… a miracle!

The way the other people looked at Fei had completely changed already. If it was said that they admired Fei because he demonstrated his super strength and noble royal qualities as a king, then right now the way they were looking at him was like a fanatical believer looking up to their supreme god.

Other than a god, no one could demonstrate what had just happened.

However, Fei didn’t have the time to take this opportunity to show off because he was equally as stunned when Excalibur turned into a golden ball of light and disappeared. He wanted to know what special effect it had, too.

After a few seconds, Pierce opened his eyes as if he just absorbed something and stood up.

As he stood there, the atmosphere he had completely changed – not only did the power emanating from him grow multiple times stronger, the feeling it gave to other people had also changed. He just stood tall and straight, like a good sword drawn from its sheath. Pierce seemed to not be surprised about the change, as if he knew some secret during the few seconds that his eyes were closed.

“Pierce, show the power of Excalibur to your comrades!”

Fei smiled and said while pretending to maintain his calm. Actually, at this moment, even Fei himself couldn’t wait. What he really wanted to say was, “Pierce, hurry and show me what Excalibur’s power is…”

“Yes, Your Majesty!”

After letting the people around him move out a little for more space, Pierce closed his eyes, as if he was channeling some kind of incredible energy. When he opened his eyes again, he suddenly reached out his right arm, and with his five fingers tightly gripping the sword, he slightly swung it at a 2-meter-thick stone in front of him. Before everyone could react, the stone broke in half from the center, and the cut was very neat and smooth, as if a piece of soil was sliced in half by a peerless cutting edge from the middle.

Everyone took in a deep breath; everyone’s eyes were wide open, including Fei.

That was sick!

Too sharp!

So this was the power of Excalibur after being transferred by the godly skill [Give]? Everyone here knew how tough the rocks were in the underground stone cave, and even though its texture wasn’t like steel, its hardness wasn’t far from it. However, it was actually instantly cut in half easily by Pierce. Such an effect was almost identical to the holy sword held by Seiya Capricorn Shura from Fei’s past-life memories of the anime Saint Seiya; it was indestructible, all-conquering.

A gold light flashed.

The golden sword appeared in the hands of Pierce. He could actually fully integrate the sword into his body and also materialize it… this was too magical. Fei nodded, wondering if this could this be the integration between a legendary sword and a human.

“Pierce, my friend, you indeed have the true heart of a warrior.”

Fei was extremely happy and began bullsh*ting all over the place, and he just randomly found an excuse to explain the magical scene that just took place. “You’ve received the approval of Excalibur, so you will begin to master the true power of this holy sword. From now on, you will be one of the golden knights under Alexander, and your title shall be… Capricorn!”

Capricorn Golden Knight.

It was basically the pirated version of Saint Capricorn Shura.

The title itself sounded strange, but it was still an enviable and honorable knight title, and this was especially significant to the white haired muscular Paul Pierce, because it meant that he now officially escaped from his fate of being a grass-root warrior and became a real noble in the land of Azeroth.

His peers all came to congratulate him with envy in their eyes.

However, giving Pierce Excalibur was just the beginning.

Fei’s plan to improve Chambord City’s strength was still continuing.

In the next instant, Fei smiled and slightly lifted his hand in the empty air.

A soft golden light shined over the entire stone hall, and a beautiful golden Taurus head-shaped helmet appeared in his hands. The helmet’s appearance immediately attracted everyone’s sight; the two crooked grim gold horns at the top were especially alluring, stabbing into the sky, they quietly released a kind of incomprehensible sharp atmosphere, as if they could instantly penetrate the void.

“This is a helmet from a magical equipment set called [Taurus Gold Saint Cloth]. Although it’s just a single part, it has an incredible defensive ability, and its striking ability can also make any enemy tremble with fear. I mean, just look at these intimidating horns, they can easily shatter any opponent’s guard…” Fei spoke with an irresistible tone as his eyes scanned past everyone and ultimately landed on the long-haired muscular Didier Drogba’s face. “Didier, my friend, come and accept your reward. This helmet will become your closest fighting companion.”

Didier Drogba was stunned.

Just moments ago, he was laughing at Pierce’s “what the f*ck is going on” expression when Fei called his name, but now his reaction was even more embarrassing than Pierce’s. Until the third time his name was called by Fei, he knelt on one knee in front of Fei with an unbelievable look on his face.

“May glory, justice, and cheer forever be with you, my friend. At this moment and place, in the name of the King of Chambord City, I give you this Golden Taurus Helmet. From today onwards, you are one of the golden knights, titled… Taurus!”

Fei’s words once again triggered one of the three godly skills [Give]. The Taurus helmet turned into a bright dazzling brilliance in the stone hall and after spinning, it eventual slowly disappeared into the forehead of Drogba.

The pirated edition of the Golden Saint Taurus appeared.

Just like Pierce, under the effect of the godly skill [Give], the Taurus helmet mutated too. Drogba could hide the helmet inside his body and summon it when needed, and with the helmet, his physical defense would almost double, and he could imitate the impact of a bull and easily break down a broken stone.

The two magical equipment forged by Charsi using elemental gems–under the effect of Fei’s godly skill [Give]–showed mutated effect that Fei himself didn’t expect. It looked like the king took another firm step on the road to strengthen his force as he realized his childhood dream by creating this new world’s Saint Seiya team. Besides the 12 golden Saint Cloths, he still needed to find way for his future “saints” to master their ultimate skills in the anime…

This was going to be a very long and fun road.

Other than Pierce and Drogba, the rest of the brawny were helplessly waiting for Fei to take out more equipment, but they were all disappointed. Pierce and Drogba were the soldiers with the most contribution, so they deserved those rewards. As for other people, according to what Fei explained, one must achieve some level of contribution in order to be rewarded magical equipment. Otherwise, if something of this level was easily obtained, people wouldn’t treasure it as much.

Next, Fei began another plan.

He took out [Hulk Potions] that were mixed accordingly to the physical strength of every strongman and gave it out accordingly. Once everyone received their potion, they began to enhance the strength of the twenty warriors how fought on the stone bridge.

After half a month of hellish training, the physical strength of these strongmen went through a significant improvement, finally being able to take the [Hulk Potion] without negative consequences. However, since their original strength was still a level off from Brooke, Cech and Oleg, the potion’s effect wasn’t as obvious as those people. However, it was still enough to boost their power and reach a level 1-star warrior’s level.

The blonde teenager Fernando-Torres who had been following Pierce and the others in the hellish training for the past half a month also finally got his wish and got his own [Hulk Potion]. Even though that kind of piercing pain almost made him not want to live, after the drug took effect, he felt a sudden overwhelming power flooding inside his body, and like every muscular man around him, Torres started roaring in excitement.

Last Chapter

Ayyyy one more chap for last week.



* * *





Chapter 112




Chapter 112: Traps Everywhere

Just like Cech and Brooks’ miserable previous encounter after taking the [Hulk Potion], Pierce and Drogba also couldn’t digest the potion inside their body in time. Although the severe pain had gone away, their bodies still retained an obvious green color, which was even greener than Brook’s and the others due to having inferior strength. The muscular men all stood there, and it looked like twenty or so green cacti popped out of nowhere in the Stone Hall all of a sudden.

“Don’t worry, when you guys fully absorb the drug, this side effect will eventually disappear.”

Fei called Essien, Shaquille O’Neal and Kahn out from the crowd, and then threw them a secret scroll about cultivating energy and a water elemental [Chipped Sapphire]. These three people were all blue water energy descendants, and there were three one-star level water elemental energy scrolls in Chambord City’s royal collection, so it was just enough for these three men. After being refined and transformed by the [Hulk Potion], the width and toughness of the energy channels inside their bodies far exceeded an average person’s, and they could even be regarded as being highly talented. Additionally, with the assistance of a sapphire of the same element, they could probably reach a breakthrough within a short period of time.

The other muscular men that didn’t get equipment or other rewards could only scratch the back of their heads, drooling while laughing foolishly. They looked at Fei with watery, innocent and pure eyes, as if a bunch of babies wanted milk from their mommy Fei.

Fei had black lines going down his forehead as he waved his arm, driving out these cacti that were trying to play cute out of the stone hall.

In fact, these strongmen all understood deep down inside. The inventory of a sixth-class subsidiary country was too shabby, so His Majesty was probably poor after taking out these equipment and potions. Therefore, they didn’t complain, and at least they all received a strength boost from the [Hulk Potion]. Besides, those people that Fei had named for a reward were all their companions that had the most prominent achievements. That was why they could only envy them and not get jealous.

After finishing that, Fei quietly stood in the stone hall.

Suddenly, with a single thought, Fei changed to [Assassin Mode].

A force of power different from the Paladin’s “spiritual power”, Sorcerer’s “magic power”, Necromancer’s “dead air”, Barbarian’s “brutal force” and Druid’s “natural energy”, started surging up in the stone hall.

Assassins were a very special class in the Diablo world. According to Fei’s past life memories, Blizzard said that this class was based on the foundation of the secret Chinese martial art, and now this was proven by Fei, because in [Assassin Mode], there was energy running in his body called [Spirit].

The spirit energy gave Fei the feeling that it fit very well with the description of the energy described in many Wuxia novels he read in his past life.

“A total of 18 channels!”

Fei closed his eyes and carefully felt the energy flow in his body, and he noticed that the so-called [Spirit] ran in his body through a total of 18 routes. Each route was a complete and independent path, but they also connected to each other, just like a maze opening up in his body. Warm air was circling this maze, constantly nourishing his flesh.

Also, the direction that the [Spirit] travelled was very similar to the energy flow in the channels on Azeroth Continent.

Fei thought for a moment and picked up a one-star water elemental energy scroll, which he copied down by hand for his own use. Fei carefully read through it and noticed that this scroll only described 8 passages, and these 8 passages were all included in the 18 passages that were running inside Fei’s body.

“Could it be that these so-called energy passages in Azeroth actually refer to the paths that spirit travels inside the Assassin character? Then, does the quality of an energy scroll correspond to the number of passages it describes?”

This discovery made Fei vaguely aware of something.

If it really was like what he thought, then Fei maybe could maybe just study the 18 passages in his body and create sets of higher level energy scrolls out of thin air. One-star energy scrolls contained 8 energy passages, but Fei currently already had 18 passages in his body. He could imitate these 18 spirit flow paths to explore the 10 additional passages, and that would allow him to create high level energy scrolls of at least 3 stars!

If that really was the case, then obtaining more energy scrolls for Chambord City would be like gifting firewood to homes in the winter.

“However, this matter still needs further verification. Unfortunately, the best energy scroll in Chambord City is only at the one-star level, so I can’t infer much…” Fei gently closed the manuscript in his hands, and suddenly his eyes lit up. “Oh right, Uncle Lampard is a three-star level master, so he definitely knows about more energy channels. I’ll just ask him later and all the mysteries will be revealed.”

Fei thought about this and couldn’t help but feel rejoiced.

He got up and slowly walked towards the center of the stone hall, channeling the spirit energy inside his body and feeling every running paths’ specific location. Suddenly, he lowered his waist and delivered a blow.

“Roar!”

A roaring tiger’s phantom image vividly shot out from Fei’s fist.

Boom!

That giant rock on the ground that was previously split by Pierce’s Excalibur exploded, shattering into a pile of rubble. The room was filled with hot air.

This was assassin’s skill [Tiger Strike].

This skill used spirit to channel successive charges which magnified the damage potential, and its power was incredible.

Then…

Bang! Bang!

Bang! Bang!

The silhouette of a man flickered within the stone hall; Fei’s fist were covered in a terrifying red flame. His fists were like shooting stars, while his feet were like machetes, moving faster and faster. In the end, his entire body turned into a black whirlwind, and his movement were no longer clearly visible. Only after ten seconds did the whirlwind dissipate. He stopped, and the dozen stone chairs on the ground already turned into black powder.

Fei had learned all the skills in [Assassin Mode].

Next, he would start his plan.

The assassin’s skill [Burst of Speed] activated, and Fei’s body was covered by a thin layer of thin fog. In a flash, he disappeared like a ghost from the stone hall.

In the underground stone cave, no one actually knew when Fei left.

Two hours later, a light breeze suddenly appeared in the stone hall. A thin fog lightly spread in the air, and Fei appeared in the stone hall again.

He quickly walked to the stone table, picked up the quill pen and started drawing on a parchment scroll. As his quill pen kept on going up and down, Fei’s sketching skills from his past life showed its value once more, and a lifelike back mountain terrain of Chambord City gradually appeared.

Fei carefully checked the drawing, and after he confirmed that there was no problem with it, he changed to another red quill pen and started carefully labelling it with all sorts of strange marks.

After a dozen minutes, Prison Official Oleg was summoned to the stone hall.

“Carefully remember this picture, carefully remember it! At all the critical positions and intersections, I’ve already planted tons of lethal traps, covering all the blind spots the guards can’t cover. There are only 3 safe passages to go in and out, which are outlined by these red lines…” Fei pointed at the map on the parchment. With a serious face, he carefully explained, “This mark means fire, this mark means thunder… remember, wherever you see this mark on the map means that there are many traps there. Tell the patrolling soldiers to avoid these places. As for the specific patrol routes and frequency, I will let you plan them. This is very important; you must complete it before tonight. Tell all the soldiers to retreat for now in order to avoid any accidental injuries!

Warden Oleg hid his inner horror, carefully held the map, and began to memorize all the trap marks on it to design the best patrol routes.

As for Fei, he left the underground stone cave riding his big black dog.

Under Fei’s guidance, the big black dog continued jumping between the rocks and trees, slowly moving forward in a strange route. It had to carefully avoid some terrifying hidden traps.

Now, the entire back mountain region of Chambord City was a place of death.

Within the two hours Fei went out, he used all the trap-laying skills in [Assassin Mode] and planted a large amount of thunder and fire traps in the forbidden areas of the back mountain of Chambord City. Now, the back mountain was covered with large amounts of magic traps like [Shock Web], [Lightning Sentry], [Wake of Fire], etc., with each one containing terrifying energy. If someone invaded the mountain and triggered the magic traps, then a large amount of thunder and flame would immediately spew out. One-star warriors would be killed instantly, while two-star warriors would barely be able to hold on for awhile. If three-star warriors were lucky, they could possibly escape from the traps.

These were all the necessary preventive measures Fei took.

The Assassin class’s trap-laying skill helped Fei out a lot, solving the problem of the lack of elites and guards in Chambord City. For Fei, he could now free his hands to prepare for the upcoming storm clouds. Chambord City was facing a huge unknown risk, so Fei had to completely exert himself.

Tomorrow would be the official date of the canonization ceremony. Riding on the back of [Black Whirlwind], Fei looked up towards the magnificent sight of the mountain under the sunset; this would be the place where the ceremony would be held.

He felt a wave of excitement, and then a wave of tension.

If he didn’t guess wrong, then all the questions he had would be answered by tomorrow morning, at the top of the Eastern Mountain – that would be the moment when his enemies could remove their disguises and bare their fangs.

Last Chapter

Ayyy chapter out~



* * *





Chapter 113




Chapter 113: Before Dawn

Before dark, Fei rode the big black dog back and forth and did a lot of things.

Within an hour, he was like a hard-working little bee, continuously shuffling around the city, seeing everyone he had to see, giving orders that a king must be giving, and arranging everything that needed to be noted.

When the sun set, Fei finished all the preparation he thought he needed to make, and then came a second time to the Holy See Church which he rarely visited.

In the secret chamber at the backroom of the church.

The light was already very dim, and on the black iron lighthouse on the right side were hundreds of white candles, making the atmosphere a little supressing. Fei sat in front of the white stone statue of the Trinity right after he came in, and he closed his eyes to think for half an hour. In front of him, priest Ma Zola and Knight Luciano both had a surprised look on their face, bowing in respect towards Fei. Their foreheads were covered in sweat, and they didn’t even dare to take big breaths.

Finally, Fei opened his eyes.

Rubbing his slightly painful temples, Fei looked at Zola and Luciano with a big smile and finally said, “I have some very important things that I need you two to do for me immediately!”

“Your Majesty, please tell us, and we will die trying to serve you!” The two finally sighed with relief and said.

“You don’t have to die, I just hope that you two can use the church’s channels to secretly help me acquire a batch of one-star to three-star level energy scrolls. I also need a magician’s practice notes… It must have the five energy elements and five magic elements. As for the cost of the acquisition, just take it from those 10,000 or so sorcerer stones I’ve deposited at your place… For payment, you can take 100 stones out in advance as my thanks for your effort!”

“Your Majesty! Please don’t! You’ve already rewarded us 100 sorcerer stones, which is equivalent to two year’s worth of salary. Besides, working for you is our honor, so we really can’t accept any more rewards from Your Highness!” Zola responded very quickly as he immediately kneeled under Fei’s feet. “It’s just that… according to Zenit Empire law, tier 6 subsidiary countries cannot own three-star scrolls. Although the church is not scared of Zenit Empire, it cannot freely violate its laws. May I inquire as to the reason Your Highness is purchasing them for…?”

He really didn’t dare to take Fei’s magic stones anymore.

Last time, they had already received 100 stones from Fei, which was equivalent to their total salary plus the total wealth they desperately plundered from the citizens in two years. Those 100 magician stones already made them scared to the point of sh*tting their pants, and if they took any more, then Zola would feel that they were not taking money into their pockets, but rather coupons to a faster death.

Therefore, Zola ignored all the eyes Luciano had been giving Zola and quickly refused.

This guy was also a clever man like Oleg.

Fei naturally saw the sketchy things going on between the two people, but he didn’t have time to play guessing games. After he told them their job, he directly stood up and started walking out of the room.

As he walked out, he said, “As for the use of these scrolls… you don’t have to ask more. You guys just have to secretly acquire them for me… As for the reward of 100 sorcerer stones, humph, the things I give will not come back to me. Since you guys don’t want this wealth, then just throw it into the ocean!”

Zola suddenly became dumbfounded.

“Yes, yes, yes… we will take it, take it! Your Majesty, please rest assured, we will do everything in our power to acquire the scrolls and notes you need as soon as possible…” he could only say so.

Fei went to the secret chamber’s door and suddenly thought of something. He stopped walking, turned around and asked, “Oh right, one more thing. Are you guys going to tomorrow’s ceremony?”

“Of course, we will represent the Holy Church to send the god’s blessing for your ascension!” How could they possibly not go? In Zola’s and Luciano’s eyes, the upcoming crowning ceremony at the Pinnacle of Eastern Mountain was definitely another God-given opportunity to suck up to Fei.

“I will give you guys a little suggestion. If you want to live, then you better not go!”

After Fei finished, he directly left the Church.

Zola and Luciano all stood at the same place, looking at each other. They didn’t know what King Alexander meant. Could it be that His Majesty did not want to see their not-so-handsome faces during the ceremony, or… Zola thought with his head down, but when he remembered Fei’s facial expression when he said it, Zola suddenly realized something.

…

After leaving the church, Fei directly flew back to Chambord City’s palace.

The dark night gradually engulfed Chambord City. When the palace was quiet and the beautiful fiancée Angela and blonde loli Emma were smiling in their sweet dreams, Fei sat on the King’s Throne quietly by himself, waiting for the dawn’s arrival.

After midnight, Fei had another four hours to enter the Diablo World.

He entered [Assassin Mode], used half an hour’s time and beat the first map’s last two mission.

After completing everything, his assassin character reached level 17.

Now, Fei’s [Assassin Mode]’s battle strength in real life was around the intermediate 3-star level. If coupled with the variety of stealthy skills, then maybe he could go against beginner 4-star elites. Although the chance to beat them was small, it would be very easy to run away.

Then, Fei exited [Assassin Mode]. In front of the 3-D holographic projection screen, he chose the last class he didn’t touch – Amazon. Fortunately, after Fei selected the Amazon class, he got a change of outfit and didn’t actually turn into a tranny.

On the Rogue continent, in the dark night, the crazy massacre began.

All the monsters and demons cried and fell under the arrows of the first male Amazon in history.

After two and a half hours, the time limit for the day arrived, and Fei left the Diablo World.

At this moment, he had already completed the first map [Rogue Encampment]’s first five missions, and only one last mission was left in the first act to kill Andaliel, and the male Amazon warrior Fei’s level also reached 16.

Getting to level 16 in just two and half hours was definitely the fastest leveling speed he had achieved after his reincarnation. This was probably related to the class; after all, ranged attackers like the Amazon were more efficient at killing monsters and had advantages over melee-ranged classes like the Barbarian.

Four hours passed, and there were only about 3 hours left before the sun would begin to rise. This was the darkest time before the arrival of dawn.

Fei was making his last preparations for the upcoming ascension ceremony.

At the same time, there was an unseen undercurrent hidden in Chambord City. A large number of lights went out in the city, and all the troops on the city wall quietly withdrew. In addition to the silence of the back mountain, if listening carefully, one could notice waves of dense footsteps and rapid breathing. People tried to minimize their sounds, quietly retreating to the shabby temporary camp on the other side of the Zuli River outside of the city under the organization of the Chambord city soldiers.

Although the citizens didn’t know why they had to leave their home in the middle of the night like thieves, this was King Alexander’s order, so they could only carry it out carefully and not bring too much trouble to Brook who was executing the evacuation task. Brook originally did a lot of preparation on how to persuade the citizens, but he never would’ve guessed that he wouldn’t need to use it.

Of course, not everyone was obedient.

Some big merchants and nobles under their leader Louise the Viscount firmly grouped up, righteously rejecting Brooke’s demands and directly refusing to fulfill the orders of King Alexander. When Brooke reported this to Fei, Fei just smiled without any care and let them do whatever they want.

There were still two hours left before dawn, and the palace started getting busy.

The servants began to prepare for the big ceremony, transporting the cumbersome rituals and sacrificial offerings towards the Pinnacle of Eastern Mountain. Angela and Emma were busy too, and the herald Bast didn’t even sleep at all and just stayed at the palace, constantly checking over the planning of the ceremony.

At this moment, Fei switched to [Assassin Mode].

The next moment, Fei and [Black Whirlwind] turned into a cloud of smoke in the vastness of the night, rushing towards the direction of the back mountain. In the blink of an eye, Fei used the God skill [Summon] and summoned the mercenary Elena and her sisters in the stone hall. He also cleared out the inventory from all his characters. Besides weapons, he prepared enough potions and other potentially necessary items for himself, and then he called Peter-Cech and the one hundred iron army soldiers to his side and gave out a mission.

The 20 stone bridge warriors also received their mission. Some of them followed Fei to accept the crowning at the Pinnacle of Eastern Mountain, and the rest were left in the city to defend the palace.

After making the arrangements, Fei brought 10 muscular men who were still a little green back to the palace, picked up Angela and Emma and the others, rode the King’s golden carriage, and started heading towards the Eastern Mountain with his followers and servants.

There was less than half an hour left until dawn.

It would take at least half an hour to get there, and as the future king of Chambord City, he had to follow the tradition of the land of Azeroth to officially accept the crowning when the sunlight first hit the crown.

Therefore, he had to leave in advance…

…

At the same time.

Warden Oleg was also making the last preparations at his place.

He was the lead commander selected by Fei to maintain the order at the ceremony, and he had to be present. Such an important task filled Oleg’s heart with both excitement and anxiety. In fact, he was so busy most of the night that he didn’t sleep for more than half an hour. If it wasn’t so that he could maintain an adequate level of energy during the ceremony to better serve King Alexander, maybe Oleg wouldn’t have even let himself sleep.

Luckily, he didn’t have to take many servants and followers like Fei, so even if he left a little later, he could still get there before Fei.

“Hey Donny, hurry and bring me that magical robe I bought with 100 gold coins three years ago… I must wear it during the canonization and not embarrass Alexander His Majesty in front of those damned foreign envoys.”

In the stone hall.

Warden Oleg smiled in front the mirror, making some final adjustments while shouting towards his servant without even looking back.

“Donny… Donny, you bastard, why are you still…”

Oleg turned around and saw that the person beside him didn’t move. He was about to swear but suddenly realized something was wrong. This person was not Donny, but instead was a mysterious person, with his whole body shrouded in a black cloak. As for his servant Donny, he was lying on the ground motionlessly, as if he was in a deep sleep.

Who is this guy?

When did he come in?

Oleg just felt his soul escaping from his body through his butt.

After accepting the modification of the [Hulk Potion], Oleg’s strength had already drastically improved. With his 1-star foundation, he was already one of the elites in Chambord City. However, someone had actually invaded his place and stood this close to him, and he didn’t even notice. Cold sweat brushed down Oleg’s forehead!

This was an expert.

He was no match.

Last Chapter

Ayyyyyy two chapters for last week.



* * *





Chapter 114




Chapter 114

Chapter 114: Assassination

“Who……Who are you?”

Oleg felt a chill down his spine.

Although he didn’t show any reaction on his face, and just stared at the mysterious black cloaked person nervously. He peeked at the gate on the side and calculated the possible escape paths as he slowly moved backward, reaching for the sword that was hung beside the bronze mirror.

Oleg’s fighting ability was better if he had the sword with him. He was confident that he was able to defend against this mysterious intruder for a few seconds, alerting the guards with the noise. Once the guards heard noises in the room, they would come check. With their assistance, Oleg’s chance of escaping out of here alive would be much higher.

The time seemed to freeze.

His finger had already reached the cold hilt of the sword. Oleg let go of the breath he was holding and finally grasped onto his sword.

He drew out the sword and positioned it in front of his chest. The light reflected off of the sword and lit up the floor in the room. Oleg was more confident, and look on his face became less timid. As he was about to yell and call for help…..

“Take me to the peak of the East Mountain, I will let you live!”

The intruder raised his/her hand and chanted a series of obscure spells that Oleg wasn’t able to understand. A great amount of magic energy appeared around the intruder who then pressed the space in front of them with their hand. Five dark red chains made from fire shot out of the five fingers and immediately straggled Oleg’s arm and sword like five flexible snakes. The chains then slowly spread and restrained Oleg’s entire body.

Oleg who had the energy of a one-star warrior and the physical strength of a two-star warrior was simply captured and controlled by these flimsy looking fire chains.

The black cloaked intruder suddenly shook their fingers.

This simple movement caused an enormous change.

The fire chains that bound the sword instantly brightened up. “Si..” The sword that was made from quality iron was melted instantly and spilt onto the ground, formed a puddle of molten metal…….

“If you dare to resist, your bones and flesh will just be like this sword!”

“Who……Who are you?” Oleg had lost the courage completely. The strength of the two parties were on two completely different level. The intruder was at least a four-star fire attributed mage.

Oleg only asked that question because he was angry of the situation and wanted to know who was behind all of this. Who knew that after the intruder heard the question, the person hesitated a little, but they surprisingly took off the cloak. The face was only barely visible under the light of the fire chains, but Oleg was able to tell who it was.

“This is not possible……How could it be you?” Oleg’s eyes opened big and wide, as if he saw an undead creature: “This is not possible……this is not possible……”

“Now you are willing to take me to the peak of the East Mountain, right?” The Intruder put the cloak back on and hid into the dark again. The voice sounded calm, but Oleg could feel the anger and hatred: “If you are not going to take me there, I still have methods to get here. However, it would take more work, but you will die!”

“I will take you there!”

Oleg’s legs felt shaky and he surrendered.

……

……

Chambord Castle faced mountains on three sides and a river on one side. The terrain was very hard for outsiders to get into.

The steepest East Mountain was especially important to the Kingdom. All the former kings rested there after they pass

ed away. The royals, nobles, soldiers and heroes who sacrificed their lives to protect the Kingdom also rested there. This symbolized that all their brave souls would still protect Chambord Kingdom for the years to come.

The terrain of the East Mountain was very significant. It was very steep, and there were only two ways to get to the top of the mountain. One of the path circled around the mountain twelve times. There were, in total, three thousand one hundred stone stairs that led to the peak of the mountain, as if it was a path to heaven. The other path was more dangerous. By relying on the big iron nails that was struck into the body of the mountain, an iron chain was connected on them and formed a climbing rope that led to the “heaven”. It was for people who were very powerful; they would get to the peak a lot faster this way.

Fei and his followers were only able to use the first path. After more than an hour, they finally reached the peak.

What they didn’t know was that before they got to the peak of the mountain, two figures, one possessing a pair of dark fire wings, sped up the chain to “heaven” – to be more accurate, it was a figure who was dressed in a valet uniform and dragging a bald fat figure as it rushed up the mountain with the help of the iron chains.

It was about less than half an hour from dawn.

When Fei, Angela and the others arrived on the peak in a magic floating carriage, almost everyone was there; the emissaries and princes from more than twenty kingdoms, Chambord’s guards who here to protect the ceremony, priests and knights from the Holy Church, and of course, the Royal Coronation Legion from Zenit Empire.

Elder Princess Tanasha’s magic carriage was parked in front of the altar for a while. She arrived at the peak of the mountain long before Fei, but she didn’t appear in front of the crowd and only stayed at her carriage. Female warrior Susan and Knight Captain Romain guarded the carriage with more than two hundred fully armoured cavalry knights.

Although the East Mountain was very steep, the peak of the mountain was a very flat surface; it was about four, five squared kilometers. There was an altar located in the middle of the flat surface; it was about six yards(m) tall and ten yards(m) in diameter. This was the King’s Altar that all of the 250 affiliated kingdoms of Zenit had. It was the place where all the kings were canonized and became the official ruler of their kingdoms. Fei would be canonized by Tanasha who represented the Zenit Empire on this King’s Altar when the first stream of sunlight shined on the peak of East Mountain.

Beside the King’s Altar and on the side of the cliff, there were sixty-six stone warrior statues that were all holding swords. They were all thirty, fourty yard(m) tall. They had realistic expression on their faces, being gigantic and majestic, representing glory, justice and the numerous warriors and heroes who served Chambord.

The emissaries, princes and their servants were spread out around the altar.

The dozen “stone bridge” warriors such as Drogba and Barrack and Lampard arrived a long time ago, guarding the altar with more than twenty soldiers.

“Your majesty!”

Warden Oleg quickly walked up to Fei and saluted; however, his legs were slightly shaky.

A middle-aged valet followed him tightly. Everyone knew that the person was Oleg’s valet. Although they were not sure why this fatass brought his valet to the peak of East Mountain, this action wasn’t restricted and their minds quickly moved onto something else.

“Start preparing!”

Fei nodded emotionlessly, and signaled Oleg, who was the primary manager for today’s ceremony, to start preparing. Since Fei specially ordered Head Minister Bast to stay behind, Oleg was surprising appointed. It was outside of everyone’s expectations.

Ton of sacrifices were moved onto the King’s Altar, and the preparations were slowly and steadily under way.

Fei stood on the mage carriage and glanced around. Except Thrace Kingdom’s emissaries, who were all murdered by mysterious powerful assassins, the emissaries from all other kingdom came. Fei saw Prince Modric from the Lake Kingdom. This blonde guy looked fabulous as usual, and was the center of attention wherever he went.

After feeling Fei’s stare, Modric politely smiled and nodded at him.

Fei nodded back and continued to observe.

There were about five hundred people on the peak. Except the two hundred cavalry knights who were here to protect Elder Princess Tanasha and the two hundred plus people from all the kingdoms, there were less than sixty people who belonged to Chambord, and most of these people were servants who couldn’t fight at all. Fei was focusing on the emissaries and the cavalry knights the most. From his Barbarian Mode, he had vaguely felt a great amount of danger. But he couldn’t tell where the danger might come from or who might cause it.

Finally, the dark sky was lighting up.

The golden sun was about to rise over the horizon and light up the peak of East Mountain.

Elder Princess Tanasha stepped up King’s Altar under the protection of Susan. The guard behind her held up a silver plate that was covered with a layer of red silk. A crown that was made from golden vines and branches was placed on it. It was the King’s crown that the Zenit Empire was about to bestow on Fei.

Fei waved his hand.

The servants who had no fighting abilities got off of the altar uniformly. After that, they headed directly to the path and left the peak of East mountain.

There were only about twenty people from Chambord who were still on the peak.

This surprised everyone. All the emissaries started to chit chat among themselves, and a surprised expression appeared on Tanasha’s face. That was all Fei could do. Although he sensed danger, but he didn’t know where it came from. The only thing he could do was to keep less of his people on the peak. If stuff actually happened, the casualties would be kept at a minimum.

The first stream of golden sunlight finally lit up the peak.

At was time.

It was this moment……

The Elder Princess held up the King’s Crown in her hand. According to the Empire’s tradition, when that stream of sunlight passed through the clouds and shined the crown, and when the ancient oath and blessing from the God of War was made, Fei would be officially crowned……

When everyone’s attention was on the stream of golden sunlight.

At this moment.

No one noticed the hate filled expression that suddenly appeared on the middle-aged valet who was behind Oleg and never spoke once since he arrived on the peak.



* * *





Chapter 115




Chapter 115

Chapter 115: Death Trap

The middle aged valet’s finger quickly shook and a short chant quickly shot out of his mouth. A bright red light shined on his body. The entire King’s Altar suddenly became hot, and the people who were around the altar had to look away because it was too bright. A sword made from fire suddenly appeared in the mid-aged valet’s hand and he thrusted it toward Fei.

All of this happened in the blink of an eye.

The people who were around the altar didn’t even have time to react. It was very quiet; no one screamed or gasped.

The mid-aged valet was behind Fei. Fei wasn’t able to sense this sudden sneak attack at all. The scorching hot fire sword drew a bizarre arc in the air and was about to cut open Fei’s back and pierce through his heart……

But –

At this moment, the situation changed.

Fei’s body suddenly tilted toward the right side strangely. This action seemed unconscious, but Fei perfectly dodged this life threatening attack. The fire sword strike missed.

Until this moment, the emissaries from all the kingdoms just realized what was happening. They were shocked as they all gasped subconsciously.

The guards, such as Drogba, who were standing closely to the altar reacted faster. They yelled: “Protect the king!” as they drew their weapon and was about to charge up the altar……But after a few steps, they all stopped. They were confused, seeing that their king was waving at them, telling them not to come up.

Fei’s right hand had grasped the fire sword.

“Four-star fire attributed mage? Who are you? Why do you want to kill me?”

Fei’s Barbarian gloves appeared on his hand. It was a pair of silver magic gloves. It gave Fei 21 armour, and reduced the fire attributed and lightning attributed magic damage by 25%. With the help of the gloves, Fei was barely able to grab the sword that was made out of fire. From the magic sensation that Fei felt from the sword, he was sure that this valet had just advanced to the four-star mage rank…… But the problem was that, he didn’t recognize this person. Why would this person assassinate him? Could it be……this person was ordered by someone else?

After missing the sneak attack, the mid-aged valet let go of the fire sword and rushed back.

“How did you dodge that?” After the person had escaped to a safe distance for a mage, he asked with surprise.

He couldn’t figure it out. How did Fei dodge the attack that was sneaky enough to kill a god. To prepare for this attack, he practiced numerous times. He meditated for ten days and ten nights continuously to accumulate his magic power, and used many precious magic items to shorten his chanting time to increase the suddenness of the sneak attack…… But who knew that the operation that was impossible to fail had failed in the end. There was only one explanation – Fei knew beforehand that he was going to sneak attack.

The middle aged valet had an surprising expression on his face, but he didn’t panic and try to escape.

It seemed like that he didn’t mind the fact that he was surrounded by a lot of guards. He must have a plan B or was trying to calculate the chances that he could attack again.

Of course, he was also waiting for Fei’s response.

But at this moment, something unexpected occurred

Suddenly, the sword pierced through this mid-aged valet’s left shoulder.

Drip, drip. Drops of blood dripped onto the ground.

The mid-aged man was shocked, and suddenly realized something. A deep roar came out of his throat. He swung his hand backward and a few fire chains appeared out of nowhere and whipped at the person who was holding onto the sword. “Hiss-

” after a deep painful cry, Warden Oleg flew backwards and puked a mouthful of blood.

The person who sneak attacked the middle aged man was this fatty who acted dumb.

“It’s you?!”

The mid-aged man shouted angrily. He didn’t need Fei’s explanation anymore, he instantly understood why Fei was able to dodge his sneak attack – It was obvious, this fatty who seemed scared and surrendered had tricked him, and used a method that he wasn’t aware of and notified Fei beforehand.

“Of course it’s me. Who the fuck are you? How dare you order me around!”

Oleg laid on the altar, and puked out more blood. However, a proud expression appeared on his face. He laughed as he scorned at the mid-aged valet: “Hehe……it is unexpected, isn’t it? I……cough, cough, I’m no longer that old timid Oleg who was afraid of death……Cough, cough. Mister Bazzer……Cough, cough. You made a mistake from the start. You handled me the old way…… Cough, cough, cough. I’m willing to die for King Alexander, why would I betray him!”

Oleg was severely injured, he would puke a mouthful of blood before he could finish a sentence. But fortunately, after the transformation that the [Hulk Potion] put him through, his body was tougher than normal one-star warrior. That’s why he was able to survive under the full attack of a four-star mage.

What he said surprised a lot of people.

The four-star mage was Bazzer.

The former Head Minister of Chambord. The most wanted criminal who committed treason.

Fei frowned.

He was only able to pick up a few things from Oleg’s eye contact before the ceremony started. He knew that this middle aged valet wasn’t on his side, and he should pay more attention to the valet. He never would have thought that this person was Bazzer who had disappeared for a long time. This former Head Minister obviously used some trick and changed his look and appearance. But after some detailed observation, Fei was able to draw some parallels between Bazzer and the valet in terms of body size and temperament. However, no one knew that this guy was a four-star fire attributed mage.

The series of unexpected incidents had created a lot of noise among the people who were around the altar.

The first stream of light had travelled through the clouds and shined on the peak of East Mountain. The best time to crown Fei and announce his official status had passed by. The emissaries and princes from other kingdom stared at the altar in surprise. On the altar, Tanasha, the Elder Princess of Zenit Empire had placed the golden crown back on the silver plate that a servant was carrying and backed off a little. She looked at Fei as if she was watching an interesting drama.

Fei stared at Bazzer as he slowly let loose of the power inside of him.

“Since this guy appeared voluntarily, I should take the opportunity and execute him. Otherwise, if he really wanted revenge, a four-star mage’s damage to Chambord would be catastrophic.”

At the same time, Bazzer was thinking fast as well as he covered his wound with his hand.

After feeling the power level that Fei had, he knew that he couldn’t successfully kill this damn king today. He was frustrated. He didn’t expect this to happen after he advanced to the four-star rank and the level of preparation he underwent. It looked like his plans needed to be delayed again……

“I didn’t expect you to become such a loyal dog.” Bazzer stared at Oleg who was lying behind him. It seemed like he made a decision. A series of chants quickly flew out of his mouth, and his body grew hotter and hotter as his power level became stronger and stronger. It seemed like he was showering in a cloud of fire.

He suddenly shouted at Fei. “Die!”

The fire around him burnt violently as he charged.

It looked like a smaller sun rose on the King’s Altar, bright and hot.

Everyone thought Bazzer had no escape and gave up his own life by igniting his core magic essence to kill Fei. Fei thought the same. As he prepared himself to take Bazzer’s attack head on…… Who knew that after a few charging a few steps, three roaring beasts made out of pure fire jumped out of Bazzer’s body. The direction that these fire beast went wasn’t toward Fei……

The target was Elder Princess Tanasha!

“Hahaha, Alexander, I will kill this woman. I will see how you explain this to Zenit Empire…… The entire Chambord Kingdom including you will die under Zenit’s anger. Hahaha!”

Bazzer laughed crazily.

He dared to attack the Princess of the Empire?

Everyone was shocked.

This was the attack of a four-star mage who ignited his core magic essence, it wasn’t something that Susan, the three-star warrior could defend against. The three fire beasts shot at the Elder Princess and left a trail of flames in the air. They easily absorbed the blue flame energy that Susan put up to defend.

Fei was scared for a moment.

He subconsciously used Barbarian [Leap] and jumped toward the Elder Princess…… He had to save her. If her highness dies on the Peak of East Mountain at Chambord, Chambord would vanish under Zenit’s anger.

At the same time, Bazzer chanted another spell.

A pair of fire wings appeared on his back as he rushed toward the exit of the mountain – the [Chain to heaven]. Like a meteor, he instantly passed by all the emissaries. Although he was injured by Oleg, and his magic power was almost depleted after the two full attacks, he was still able to rely on the [Chain to heaven] to escape as the peak of the East Mountain was thrown into chaos. After that, he would still have chances to mess with Fei.

As the distance to the cliff and the [Chain to heaven] was shortening, a smile appeared on Bazzer’s face.

“Alexander, just wait. I will be back, you won’t be able to sleep and rest peacefully ever again! Hahahah!”

He jumped and was about to get away.

But –

“Poor bug, how dare you attack her highness!”

At this critical moment, a cloud of purple flames appeared in front of the Elder Princess followed by that shout. A beautiful slender girl was in the flame. Her face didn’t even change expression as she casually pointed at the air. The three fire beasts instantly vanished into thin air without any signs of resistance.

Unbelievable!

The fully attack of a four-star mage was wiped out this easily.

The next second.

The purple figure flashed and appeared in front of Bazzer who was about a hundred yards(m) away.

“Don’t even think about escaping after attacking the princess!”

The girl in purple struck her strange short sword down, and the invisible energy smashed on Bazzer. He screamed as a terrifying wound appeared on his back; the blood spurted out of like a water fountain……

That wasn’t done.

After that, a blue crystal arrow was shot from the direction of King’s Altar; it accurately pierced through Bazzer’s back. A chilling energy instantly surrounded Bazzer’s body. In a cry, Bazzer’s body frozen as it fell off of the cliff and disappeared into the cloud!

It was Fei who shot the arrow. After converting to Amazon Mode, the frost magic arrow dealt a ton of damage.

After getting severely injured, Bazzer couldn’t survive after falling off such a high cliff.

Fei lightly sighed.

It seemed like everything had passed and the danger was gone.

But the next moment, his sense of danger was triggered like never before! Something unimaginable happened –

A bright, eye catching sword appeared out of nowhere and pierced at Elder Princess Tanasha’s skull from above.

Two bone chilling blade appeared out of nowhere and struck toward Elder Princess Tanasha’s waist; one from the left and one from the right.

Three death-calling metal arrows were shot from the crowd around the King’s Altar and was aimed at Elder Princess Tanasha’s head, throat and heart.

A pair of iron claws ripped through air, appeared behind Elder Princess Tanasha and thrusted toward her back; poison was applied on the claws as the tip of the claws glistened with a blue light.

A cloud of orange energy flame flashed by and a strong figure crawled out of the rock on the King’s Altar beside the princess. The person had a sharp chopper in his hand and swung it at the princess’s legs.

Five strikes appeared at the same time and was about break through the princess’s body.

Any one of the strikes would take her life away.

It was obvious. This was a carefully planned assassination.

A death trap!



* * *





Chapter 116




Chapter 116

Chapter 116: A Sword’s Sudden Arrival

Everything took place in an instant, and it tested everyone’s reflex.

No one expected an assassination would suddenly take place targeting this young king during this crowning ceremony, and just when everyone was still digesting what was going on, something even more incredible happened-

The assassination of Elder Princess Tanasha.

Has this world gone mad? Someone even dares to target Her Highness? And, the first shot was already six merciless attacks.

That bright sword light that fell from the sky, carrying peerless force. It was just a brief silver flash, then one man one sword as if suddenly tore apart the dimension and came out head first, the sword and its wielder were wrapped in a silver flame. The friction between the edge and air even creating flashing sparks. The giant force that arrived with this strike directly pushed away the female warrior Susan, and the vulnerable skinny elder princess was deadly locked on by this terrifying force, not even able to move a finger. Her beautiful soft hair loosely danced in the sword’s breath…

This assassin from sky was at least at the 5-star level’s strength.

And the left and right blade light that suddenly appeared also exposed the other two assassins’ location. These were two very strangely designed yellow curved blades, and the blades’ bodies were engraved with strange inscriptions. Waves of light blue flames flashed passed the blade, its wind slicing through the air, mercilessly charging towards the Elder Princess’s soft waist. The soft and fierce contrast at this moment was extremely clear, as if before the blade could touch that blue cloth, the Elder Princess would be sliced into two by the blade’s wind, like a helpless doll.

The handles of these two yellow curved blades were held in two assassins of almost identical look, height, hair and clothing. Same expression, same coldness, and same murderous intent…. These two wood energy type assassins were at least above 4 star-levels of strength.

For a weak woman who didn’t know martial arts at all, carefully arranging three master level assassins was already being a bit too cautious. But in addition to the sword from above and two blades from side, the pair of white steel claws coming from behind was also carrying a force that was in no way inferior.

That pair of claws was completely forged in white hundred-folded steel, the dense ferocious barbs covered the assassin’s hand and part of his arm, bringing endless fear from just looking it at. It was directly going towards the Elder Princess’s heart from behind, and without a doubt, if hit, the Elder Princess’s weak and thin body will directly turn into a pile of meat and bone fragments.

Besides that, there was more.

There were those three silent white feather arrows, and a sharp white Zhanmadao (TL: literally horse chopping saber, go wiki it) in the hand of an yellow orange shadowy figure that suddenly came out from the ground…

Up, down, left, right, front, back.

Five types of sharp weapons.

Six relentless assassins.

All this, in a moment formed a death cage.

Every assassin’s strength was shocking, all the weapons all had locked onto the Elder Princess, making her feel like an ant under the pressure of a million-pound rock. Not to mention moving, she couldn’t even breath. Her scattering long hair became fixed in the air, the space of one-meter radius around her as if became solidified, even the fine dust floating in the air also quietly became still.

And the most terrible thing was, at this time, beside the elder princess, there was not even a guard or a meat shield.

The female swordsman Susan was already in danger and forced away by the fallen sword force, that girl in pur

ple clothes of unpredictable force was hundreds of meters away from the scene due to chasing Bazzer earlier. The blonde baby face knight captain Romain was leading about 200 knights guarding the carriage below the king’s altar…

People started panicking but all had no time to save her. Some people were scared and closed their eyes, as if they already saw the vulnerable princess’s body getting torn apart by the six sharp matchless breaths…

At this moment, Fei was the one closest to the Elder Princess.

Right now he was in the [Amazon mode], and a 16 level Amazon warrior was only equivalent to an intermediate three-star warrior, which was basically useless right now, and the female swordsman Susan’s experience is the best proof. Now the strongest character Fei has [Barbarian mode]. A level 21 barbarian under full equipment and [Purple Blue Duo Sword], Fei can rival the strength of an intermediate four-star fighter.

But, not to mention that there was no time to immediately change class right now, the most important thing was, Fei could clearly feel the terrifying strengths of the four assassins, especially that sword from the sky, it was a strike with no counter. Fei didn’t doubt at all that even if he took the Elder Princess’s place in fully equipped barbarian mode, he still won’t be able to take that strike.

But, time was pressing.

The body’s instinctive response exceeded the speed of the central nervous system processing information.

Under the instinct of an Amazon fighter, Fei almost subconsciously reached out his hand. A golden ball of light flashed, and a golden long bow appeared in his hand. He gently pulled on the string, and six sharp arrows flashing electricity immediately appeared above the string, and then Fei let go…

This series of actions were all done in one breath, like a mirage.

Pew pew pew pew pew pew!

Six sharp arrows shot out piercing through the air.

The arrows’ bodies were pitch black, producing a harsh scream and waves of silver electricity as they cut through the sky.

The bowstring sounded once, yet 6 arrows shot out.

Moreover, the directions of those arrows were actually all completely different.

The first arrow went for the eyes of the strongest assassin that came from the sky.

The second and third arrow went for the space on the left and right of the Elder Princess, so if the wooden elemental assassins with yellow curved blades move even a bit forward, their waist will run into the long arrows covered in electric current.

The forth arrow went to the fastest one out of the arrows that were going towards the Elder Princess’s forehead, throat and heart.

The fifth arrows shot past the Elder Princess’s neck to the throat of the owner of that pair of white sharp claws.

The sixth arrow went for the back of the head of the assassin that just came out of the ground with his Zhanmadao.

Such arrow technique, it could be called miraculous.

Amazon warrior’s long bow skill [Strafe].

It can shoot out multiple arrows at once, and also accurately target the arrows to different directions, dealing a good amount of damage.

This was the first high class arrow skill Fei learned in [Amazon Mode].

This was also Fei’s pinnacle performance under [Amazon Mode].

Fei didn’t expect these six arrows to eliminate all the assassins, he just hoped that the arrows could slightly delay the opponents’ movements, allowing them to be slightly distracted and thus gaining time for himself, and also fight for time for the purple clothed girl hundred meters away to come back to help.

The six arrows magically shot out, and Fei immediately switched to [Barbarian Mode], and without any reservation he instantly went berserk and charged forward. At this moment there was no time for him to think if he could make it or not, or if he’s match for those 6 assassins. Save the Elder Princess, this was Fei’s only choice. No matter what, he couldn’t let the Elder Princess die on the King’s Altar of Chambord City.

But, Fei was still too slow.

The first arrow didn’t have any affect. That five-star elite’s surrounding force energy directly shattered the magic arrow into powder, dissipating into the air, not giving that assassin the slightest trouble.

The two arrows that went for the assassins with yellow curved blade also encountered the resistance of their surrounding force energy, finally exhausted and fell to the ground right before piercing into the assassins’ waist.

The long arrow that was shot at the assassin with sharp white claws behind the princess, was repelled away as the assassin swung his right arm, and that left arm is still going towards the Elder Princess’s heart.

However, the arrow that was shot towards the three large white feather arrows took effect.

This arrow miraculously hit the tip of the first arrow, and after a sound of “ding”, sparks appeared, and the first arrow was tilted with its back hitting the second white feather arrow’s body, and then the second one hit the third… The three white feather arrows’ course instantly changed, missing the Elder Princess…

The sixth arrow that was shot towards the assassin below, it actually hit that target. It’s just that a blood flower bloomed at his back, and that tall and big assassin actually endured the severe pain and his hands still tightly held onto the Zhanmadao, mercilessly swinging it towards the Elder Princess’s legs…

The six assassins’ reactions were all different, and it demonstrated the difference in their strengths.

The whole process happened within a second, and many people are still in shock.

And right now, Fei was only 10 meters away from the Elder Princess.

The situation, has come to the deciding moment.

Death has gently gripped the princess by her graceful neck. All it needed was a pinch and everything will become a foregone conclusion. The Elder Princess that possessed great power right now was like a helpless little girl… and this carefully planned assassination, will become a classic in the history of assassination.

And the consequence will be, the whole Chambord City getting buried along with the Elder Princess.

The female swordsman Susan desperately rushed forward, the knight captain Romain rushed towards the King’s Altar, the purple clothed girl hundred meters away, her stature flashed…

Time.

Right now, time is the most critical factor.

If someone could appear right now to block the assassins’ attacks… Just when everyone was already in despair, Fei actually did something that made everyone feel strange…

He suddenly shouted to the air in front of him…

“Still not coming out?”

Ding ding ding ding ding ding!

As if answering Fei’s raging roar, a series of crackle-like sound suddenly appeared in everyone’s ears, and they just saw countless sparks appearing about half meter of range of the Elder Princess. These sparks that formed as if is an invisible cage, firmly knocking the assassins’ weapons away.

A sword.

A very normal long sword.

This sword incredibly appeared in front of the Elder Princess’s body.

The firm but gentle sword’s breath conquered the air around it, tightly blocking all the fatal blows delivered by the assassin.



* * *





Chapter 117




Chapter 117: Aww You Can’t Kill Me Anymore

One white cloth and one broad sword.

When the flying sparks disappeared, one man and one sword proudly stood in front of the Elder Princess.

This was a very ordinary-looking young man, not tall nor short, not fat nor skinny. He was clothed in a coarse cloth robe, a budding beard on his face, and linen colored hair gently pulled to the back of his head with a rope. If this young man was placed in the sea of people, no one would look at him twice… Of course, if one must say that there was something incredible about him, then it would be the pair of bright eyes like stars in a dark night on his face.

If someone looked at that calm yet peerlessly domineering force in his eyes, he would think that this was not a man that was standing before him, but rather … a God of War.

The long sword in his hand was very normal. It was covered with large and small cracks, and even a little rust. Even a farmer would think it was too rusty, not to mention using it to kill… But, Fei saw very clearly, that rusty sword that looked like it could break into pieces anytime, just now released an incredible sword breath, completely shutting out all attacks from these terrifyingly powerful assassins, not even letting through a trace of pressure.

An incredible performance.

This guy just quietly stood there, not saying a word, yet it was better than saying anything.

The five cold-blooded assassins were forced back, taking a five-point star formation, surrounding this young man and the Elder Princess. It was clear that they were shocked by this young man’s power, and that was why even the most cold-blooded and relentless assassin actually showed a slight shade of fear on their face, and became hesitant to strike again.

This young man, one man and one sword, was emitting the pressure of a mighty army.

He stood there, expressionless. Yet it was like an eternally insurmountable wall, shielding all the storms for the Elder Princess behind him, as if nothing in this world could hurt her again.

The scene was a bit suffocating.

The purple shadow flashed, and the unparalleled beauty purple clothed girl Ziyan returned to the Elder Princess’s side.

The situation was weirdly silent.

That young man didn’t talk, and no one actually dared to speak.

Just at this moment, suddenly –

Puff puff!

Everyone all watched in disbelief. Suddenly, the two identical blade assassins on the sides of the Elder Princess, the assassin that got shot on the back by Fei and that white clothed assassin with sharp claws, they all suddenly opened their mouth and spouted out blood, as if they encountered some hidden injury.

The only normal one was the assassin that wielded a sword.

But in the next second he suddenly felt a chill on his chest. He looked down and horrifying found out that the robe in front of his chest was cut open by the sword’s breath, revealing the white shirt underneath.

The five cold-blooded assassins’ faces all lost color.

At this moment they finally realized that during the exchange of blows earlier, that young man not only used his rotten rusty sword to block all their attacks, but also imperceptibly struck back with his sword’s breath, leaving them with hidden wounds. The injury just started acting up, and the assassins finally noticed.

As for the arrow master that hid in the crowd shooting cold arrows, his technique was way too strange. Shots were silent, no one heard the bowstring ring, and that was why there was actually no one that could find out where he was really hiding.

Just at this moment, the assassin that used the sword suddenly thought of a legend.

He suddenly felt a chill from his tailbone all the way up his spine, and asked in shock, “You… you are [One Sword]?”

When this question was asked, Fei almost could clearly hear everyone on the top of the Eastern Mountain take a deep breath, hearing the name of [One Sword] was as if hearing something incredible, and the way everyone looked at this young man also changed.

“This name sounds a little familiar… I seemed to have heard it before.” Fei slightly hesitated.

The expression on this young man’s face was still placid, and to be precise, his eyes didn’t seem to be focused at all, as if he was kind of distracted, looking at the ocean of clouds in the horizon, not caring about the five cold-blooded assassins around him at all. He didn’t even look at the sword-using assassin that asked the question, as if this elite fighter was just a wooden pole, not even qualified to enter his eyes.

After the short silence, the young man finally withdrew his sight.

Surprisingly, his eyes ultimately landed on Fei, patiently taking a few looks at Fei from up and down. His eyes were like lightning, and Fei suddenly had a feeling that he was stripped naked in front of the large crowd. That young man’s eyes contain indescribable breath of vicissitude, as if it accommodated the sun, moon, and stars, yet it seems to also be able to observe the finest details, expose all that’s concealed.

Fei knew, this was the embodiment of strength of both sides.

This ordinary-looking young man with bright eyes, his strength already reached a height that Fei could not imagine. If the two were to fight right now, even at Fei’s most powerful mode right now, he still won’t be able to take one hit from him.

“How did you know? The young man suddenly asked.

Fei hesitated for a second, and immediately understood what he meant. He’s asking how did he detect his presence earlier and yelled.

“I guessed.” Fei answered.

The young man was a little surprised for a moment.

This expression was the first expression besides calmness he had after appearing on the King’s Altar. But very quickly, he resumed his calmness, took a deep look at Fei and didn’t say anything.

Fei shrugged.

He told the truth, he did guess it.

Fei already knew that the Elder Princess was preparing for something. Plus, at that moment when she was surrounded by the assassins, the Elder Princess’s expression was way too calm. All the people around her were either panicking or worrying for this vulnerable woman, but only the Elder Princess that was in danger herself didn’t change her expression at all. She still carried a touch of a smile on her face, not even glancing at the swords and blades coming at her.

Then, there was only one possibility –

She had nothing to fear.

The Elder Princess wasn’t worried about these assassins at all; she had a way to deal with them.

Fei thought about it back and forth, and it became really simple as to why this woman had nothing to fear – there was either a piece of magical equipment on her with an incredible defense, or there was a powerful super elite hidden around her.

And that was why Fei shouted as an attempt.

Who knew, this shout actually did call out a young master that stunned everyone on the Pinnacle of the Eastern Mountain, who reversed the whole situation with his godlike sword skills just by making an appearance, instantly saving the situation at stake.

Then there was another brief silence.

“Paris, come out, I know you came here.”

With the slightly hoarse voice, the Elder Princess finally spoke. He took a little step forward and stood side by side with the young man. That pair of clear ocean blue eyes swept past the crowd as she calmly spoke, without any emotional turmoil, as if talking to an old friend.

“Hehe, Sister Tanasha, long time no see, you still look sick like usual haha!”

A sweet female voice passed out among the crowd, then a ray of silver light flashed. Everyone saw a graceful white figure appear beside the sword-using assassin. She was in a white robe with her golden hair casually draping over her shoulder, with a dewdrop-stained red rose in her hand. The contrast between the white robe and the red rose gave people a very strange feeling.

“Too bad, I did not think that sister Tanasha could actually convince the famous [One Sword], hehe. Looks like we won’t be able to kill you today now~”

The woman with the rose looked to be in her twenties. With picture-like eyebrows, an infinitely arousing deep smile on her face, the word “kill” from her mouth was much more like flirting… This was a hot woman with peerless elegance.

Princess Tanasha coldly smiled and didn’t say anything.

But Fei could clearly see the princess’s beautiful eyebrows frowning in that instant. Clearly she was very disgusted by this woman and didn’t want to say even one more word.

“Who’s this slut?”

Fei stood beside the Elder Princess and suddenly whispered to her. Although his voice was very light, but it was also clear enough to pass to the ears of the people around them. His Majesty obviously did this intentionally.

Sure enough, the word “slut” drew a smile onto the Elder Princess’s face, and that white robe red rose woman still kept her smile while she glanced at Fei, but the murderous intention hidden under the seductive smile made Fei’s heart skip a beat.

“I’m scared of you? With this pro big brother here, you can bite my little chicken chicken? (TL: Chinese slang for dick)

Seeing that the young master with a rusty sword standing not too far away, Fei suddenly felt full of confidence, quite provocatively staring at that woman. His eyes even scanned the woman’s chest for a bit with a little malicious intent, and fully showed his look of disdain – really small, B-cup max.

This light glance might have touched the sore spot of this woman named Paris, and her eyes suddenly became sharp.

Very soon, the knight captain Romain brought the 200 knights and charged up to the King’s Altar, completely surrounding the five assassins and Paris, the swords and spears are dense like the forest, flashing silver with a chilly atmosphere, all pointed towards these 6 people.

The balance of win and loss had clearly tipped to the Elder Princess’s side.

And the most important weight on this balance was naturally the ordinary young man holding the rusty sword. His superior strength allowed him to stand out like a crane among chickens, even him alone could easily kill everyone at the scene…

But don’t know why, Fei suddenly felt a bit puzzled. Is this slut named Paris retarded? Since she was about to lose, why didn’t she remain hidden but actually dared to come out to the light?

Just at this moment-

“Princess Tanasha, my promise to you has been fulfilled. See you never.”

The young man with the rusty sword suddenly opened his mouth, said something that no one understood, and before everyone can react, he already disappeared from the King’s Altar, leaving not a single trace behind… He actually left…

Last Chapter

Ayyyyy, and that’s the regular chaps for this week.



* * *





Chapter 118




Chapter 118

Chapter 118: I Shall Let You Live



Fei was a bit surprised.

For a moment, Fei wanted to slap 【One Sword】who had really left in the face and ask, “Are you f*cking dumb?” He really left in this tense situation after dropping a line. “Would you die if you stayed here a bit longer?” Fei thought.

As the powerful 【One Sword】calmly left, the Eldest Princess’ chance of winning dropped significantly. Fei could almost see the Goddess of Victory suddenly changing stances and flirting with the other party.

Paris, who was in white and holding onto a rose, was delighted. The smile on her beautiful white face got brighter and brighter. She slowly picked the petals off of the fresh rose one by one and released them to let the wind blow them away. It seemed so natural, but Fei felt an unprecedented cruelness from Paris’ actions.

“Hehe, I heard a long time ago that【One Sword】owed First Prince Arshavin His Highness a favor and promised to strike once for Sister Tanasha……. It looks like the rumor is quite true. This is unfortunate, Sister Tanasha. 【One Sword】would only strike once for you. He will only block our attack once for you…… Hehe, it looks like I still have a chance to kill you!”

She was holding onto a petal-less rose; she was smiling like a naive girl. Her white dress was flickering in the wind, but the stuff she said gave everyone a chill. This girl was like a combination of a demon and angel, like a sweet poison.

“You can try!” The eldest princess’ response was short.

It was as if she knew beforehand that 【One Sword】would leave like this. Her pure, ocean-like eyes didn’t show any negative emotions. She was still frowning. However, Fei could clearly feel that the reason why she was frowning wasn’t because she was worried about her situation, but rather because she didn’t want to talk to this girl called Paris anymore. It seemed like the eldest princess was deeply disgusted by Paris.

“Could it be that this b*tchy Paris seduced eldest princess’s man?”

Fei rubbed his chin and thought jokingly.

At this time, the golden morning sun had already rose above the clouds and got rid of the coldness on the peak of East Mountain. Looking from afar, the clouds flowed and twisted around and looked magnificent. Some mountain peaks were visible above cloud bed, and this was the most picturesque scene that one could see at the peak of East Mountain.

There were less than twenty people from Chambord who were still on the peak.

The strongmen such as Drogba and Barrack held their huge weapons tightly in their hands and guarded around the King’s Altar. They kept glancing around the crowd and the princes; they knew that there was still a hidden archery assassin in the crowd. This kind of hidden assassin was the deadliest. No one knew when they would shoot out the silent lethal arrow, and no one knew who the assassin was going to target……

Lampard and the severely injured Oleg guarded Angela and Emma tightly with a few servants. These two girls were the weakest people on the King’s Altar. They were defenseless in front of these mysterious assassins.

The atmosphere became very weird.

Although the eldest princess had more people on her side and enjoyed a numbers advantage, she didn’t have a high chance of winning.

【One Sword】only injured the five assassins he struck earlier, but they were still able to fight. On top of that, there was a hidden archery assassin and this girl Paris whose real power and strength were still a secret. In terms of people who were star warriors or mages, eldest princess would lose to Paris significantly. Those two hundred fully armoured cavalries were mostly non-star ranked, and they would be negligible in high

level battles.

Paris had a teasing expression on her face, as if she wasn’t going to rush the decision.

This b*tchy girl glanced around, and everyone who met her eyes felt like she was flirting with them. Finally, her eyes landed on Fei. As if she found an interesting prey, she giggles as she gave Fei an flirtatious blink, “Little King, I can feel how tensed up you are. Hehe.” She pointed at the eldest princess who was standing beside Fei and said, “How about…… if you kill this woman, I will let you live. Deal?”

After she said that, Fei immediately became the center of attention.

“This deal…… isn’t fair.” Fei rubbed his chin and laughed, “Let’s change it up a little bit.”

“Oh? Say what is on your mind?” Paris’ smile got even brighter as the rose in her hand slowly dried up.

“Old hog, how about this. If you lick my toes, I will let you live,” Fei said seriously.

Paris’ expression finally changed.

“Little King. You will pay for your arrogance…… I know that maybe you are not afraid of death, but……” Her smiled was still bright, but her voice got really cold. She suddenly turned her head and looked at Angela who was being protected by Lampard and Oleg. Her expression became really cruel, “I guess that girl is your woman. Right? What a beautiful girl, classy and majestic, pure and innocent, as if she is a goddess who has fallen into this dirty world. Little King, think about it. If she was ruined by a dirty, smelly beggar and was sold to the cheapest brothel at Zenit Empire and touched by numerous disgusting men everyday, would she still look this pure?”

Fei’s expression got cold as well, “Bitch, you could try.”

People who were close to King’s Altar felt the temperature suddenly dropped right after Fei said that.

The atmosphere was breathtaking, as if thousand-pound rock was tied to the ceiling with a hair string and disaster would occur any second. Everyone was holding onto their weapons, and sweat slowly wet their palms. They could all hear their heartbeats, but none of them knew if their heart would still be beating the next second.

“Haha, I’m just joking. You are such a humourless man. Hehe.”

As if Paris was neuropathic, she suddenly started to laughed again out of nowhere. It made it seem like Fei was naming calling and swearing at someone who she didn’t know at all. She looked back at the eldest princess.

“Sister Tanasha, aren’t you curious at all? Aren’t you curious about why God’s Item【Inspection】didn’t sense them?” Paris was like a little troublemaker who was showing off her latest invention. “A total of five assassins were able to get away from【Inspection】’s scan and easily get to you. If 【One Sword】didn’t suddenly appear and save you, you would be dead by now.”

Tanasha immediately ignored her provocation.

Paris didn’t get mad at all. She smiled as she explained further, “I guess you must recognize this item.”

A sky blue sphere suddenly appeared and spun above the tip of Paris’ index finger. The sphere seemed transparent and had many symbols engraved on it. A blue mist slowly came off of the sphere, as if it was an ultrasonic aroma diffuser, but the mist soon disappeared in the air. The sphere might have seemed like a kid’s toy, but when it appeared, everyone felt like something was injected into their bodies, and they felt very uncomfortable.

“【Sky Screen】!” The purple dressed girl yelled in surprise.

“Hahaha, Sister Tanasha, you probably didn’t expect this. Emperor Yasin already gave the God’s Item【Sky Screen】to Dominguez His Highness. It looks like even the Emperor doesn’t want you to live anymore, so unfortunate……” Paris licked her lips with her red soft little tongue.

The eldest princess sighed, “Hilton-Paris, God’s Item【Sky Screen】doesn’t mean anything. If you want to use it to mess up my mind, then I would be disappointed in your progression after fighting with me for so many years. You really don’t know what father’s intentions are…… Nevermind, you don’t have to test and probe me with this boring chatter. I’m sure Dominguez did a lot of preparation for today’s assassination. You must have a lot of hidden cards, quickly draw them out. We will see if you can help him get rid of me, the nail in his eyes.”

“Hidden cards? Hehehe, my hidden cards will be only used at the last moment of course…… Hahaha, Sister Tanasha, try to handle the cards that I hide first……” Paris was still smiling, but as she said the last word, her face dropped and the smile disappeared from the beautiful face. A shocking, chilling word came out of her mouth as the wind fluttered her white dress –

“Kill!”

As the sound was still resonating in the air, the situation changed –

The five assassins who were standing still moved immediately. The assassin who was using a sword struck at the Eldest Princess who was standing four yards away from him with full force.

At the same time, the assassin in white who was using a pair of metal claws disappeared from where he was standing and appeared behind the eldest princess and aimed at her back.

The two assassins who looked exactly the same attacked as well, but their target wasn’t the elder princess anymore. It was Fei who was beside the eldest princess. The two strange-shaped yellow blades were in front of Fei’s face in a fraction of a second.

An orange-yellowish flame flashed by and the tall and tough assassin dived into the King’s Altar.

Boom! As most of the people were surprised by that, the King’s Altar collapsed, and the two hundred cavalries on the King’s Altar lost their formations and went into a chaos……

The five assassins cooperated with each other intimately; they divided up the work in an instant.

Hilton-Paris moved as well. Her body drew a series of afterimage in the air as she targeted

Angela.



* * *





Chapter 119




Chapter 119

Chapter 19: The Wind Blew up a Girl’s Skirt.



“Die!”

Fei’s hands grasped into the air and a pair of purple and green swords appeared in his hands. Although there weren’t any fancy energy flames, the pure physical strength of a level 21 Barbarian exploded and shook everyone on the peak of East Mountain. The dual swords turned into two shiny shadows and accurately hit the two yellow blades.

Tink, tink!

Two clusters of sparks appeared in the air like magnificent fireworks.

In terms of strength, the level 21 Barbarian was way stronger than his opponents. The impulse from the collision of the weapons sent the yellow blades back with their owners. The two assassins were really surprised. They would have never imagined the amount of strength that the little king had; they didn’t sense any energy on the king after all.

After Fei blocked the attack, he stomped on the ground and initiated Barbarian【Leap】and chased after Hilton-Paris quickly. At this moment, Fei no longer cared about protecting the eldest princess; his own fiancée was under great danger.

That b*tchy women was very fast. She got to Angela within seconds.

“Fuck off!”

A blue and red energy flame flashed as Lampard and Warden Oleg stood in front of Angela and protected her. Lampard was a three-star warrior. Under his full power, the blue flames grew and burnt around him wildly. It even covered up Angela and Oleg inside of it. The black sword on Lampard’s back started shaking. He gripped the hilt and drew it out forcefully. Splash! In a loud water splashing sound, the blue energy flew out of his sword and struck toward Paris like a huge tidal wave.

Oleg was weaker. However, he still endured the pain and struck his sword with all the energy inside of him. The red energy was like a rope and whipped at Paris.

Paris had a cold smile on her face. She pressed down at the air as she was still in mid-air.

Boom! Boom!

The blue energy tidal wave and the red flame energy whip disappeared instantly. Lampard and Oleg were hit severely by something invisible. They both coughed up a mouthful of blood as they were knocked off of the King’s Altar.

Both of them couldn’t defend against Paris’ single strike.

They didn’t earn any valuable time for Fei.

A white shadow flashed by them and appeared behind Angela.

A soft and thin hand lightly strangled onto Angela’s swan-like neck just like how it held onto the rose. Paris smacked away Emma who was trying to jump up and help Angela easily and smiled at Fei who was charging at her. She didn’t hide her playful look at all. That made Fei’s heart sink to his stomach.

This woman captured Angela within seconds.

“Let her go!”

Fei had to stop five yards away from her. He put away the set of purple and green swords and stared at Paris sharply, as if his stare was a lethal frost arrow. He couldn’t wait to nail this bi*tch in the head.

“Hehehe, are you nervous?”

Paris’s smile was still very flirtatious, and her face was very seductive. She didn’t mind the coldness in Fei’s eyes at all. One of her hands was still on Angela’s neck, and the other hand slowly combed Angela’s silk-like black hair. Her movement was very intimate, as if she was helping her girlfriend get ready for a big night.

“Little king, do you still remember my words? Hehehe, your woman will be ruined by the lowest beggar and sold to a dirtiest brothel and be a prostitute for the rest of her life…… What do you think? Are you scared? Heartbroken? Angry? Hahaha, Little King, kneel down like a beggar. Kiss my feet and beg me. Maybe I will spare you!”

Fei’s heart sunk even more.

T

his woman was crazy.

She gave back what Fei said to her, word by word.

Obviously, the reason why Paris attacked Angela who posed zero threat to her was because of what Fei said earlier…… This woman was beautiful, unparalleled, and one of a kind. You would think she would have a graceful, goddess-like temperament. However, she was also stubborn and crazy to the max. Normal people couldn’t even imagine nor understand it. She wanted an eye for an eye, and was even more cruel than a demon. She had a teasing expression on her face. She slowly applied more force onto Angela’s neck and caused the girl in her arms to suffer from pain and lack of oxygen as she enjoyed Fei’s anxious movements.

At this time, the peak of East Mountain had turned into a living hell.

The assassin who used a sword didn’t get too much out of his deadly strike; it was blocked by the purple-dressed girl. It seemed like they had a similar level of power. They fought as the different attributed energies mixed with each other and their bodies were nowhere to be seen. All that could be heard were the sounds of weapons colliding.

On the other side, the assassin in white who was using iron claws was battling with Knight Captain Romain. The assassin’s movements were very tricky and unpredictable. It felt like his claws were able to tear up the space and could attack from anywhere. Knight Captain Romain who had a baby face and always had a smile on his face used a wide two-handed knight’s sword. His style was very different from the assassin. He only used simple and straight forward fundamental attacks such as the slash, chop, sweep and cut. Although they were simple, they were extremely effective. He blocked all of the attacks and was even able to keep the assassin three steps away from the eldest princess.

The dual assassins who used the yellow blades didn’t chase after Fei; they turned around and attacked the eldest princess.

At this point, there were no more star ranked mages nor warriors to protect her. However, the two hundred Zenit’s cavalries demonstrated their iron will and character. None of them backed off. They yelled as they charged in front of the eldest princess and surrounded and protected her in the middle. They literally built a great wall with their flesh and bones. Even if they were going to die, they would die in front of the eldest princess to protect her. The scene was very tragic.

The two assassins became enraged. Although they were way stronger and more powerful than the cavalries, every single strike of theirs only beheaded a few soldiers….. When faced with an iron army of fearless warriors, they couldn’t get close to the eldest princess in a short time……

The King’s Altar made from huge white stones was damaged from the foundation by the earth attributed star warrior. It started to crack and break down. Large pieces of stone started flying around and the spider web-like cracks on the ground got wider and wider. Many cavalries fell into the crack and died instantly after stones hit them in the air.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

Sharp arrows were shot out quietly. With the dust and chaos as their camouflage, they pierced cavalries’ foreheads, eyes, throats and hearts…… The assassin who was still hiding in the dark took away a life with every arrow, as if he was the real grim reaper.

An expected scene appeared around the King’s Altar.

The princes and emissaries from other kingdoms also started to fight.

People such as Prince Layo from Shanui Kingdom, Prince Boyou from Luna Kingdom, Emissary Yaley from Chata Kingdom, and representatives from a dozen other kingdoms all did one thing when Paris yelled the word “kill”. They all tied a red ribbon onto their arms, and then drew their weapon and attacked the people around them who didn’t wear the ribbon.

“Kill the eldest princess, His Highness Dominguez will reward you heavily!”

“Bastards……die!”

“Kill Tanasha, don’t let anyone live. Don’t let anyone from the Royal Coronation Legion leave here alive!”

“Hahahah, kill, kill all these dumb emissaries and guards!”

The golden sunlight had a hard time getting through all the dust on the ground. The peak of East Mountain had really become a living bleeding hell. Weapons were struck at each other as broken limbs flew everywhere. The blood spilled onto the ground like a rain, and screams and cries resonated on the peak and echoed in the sky.

The two hundred people were divided into two groups.

The ones who had a red ribbon on their arms definitely knew this would happen. They were prepared and reacted quickly. They sneakily attacked, were tightly organized and got the advantage in a matter of minutes.

The ones who were here purely to congratulate Fei on his coronation ceremony were taken by surprised and suffered severe casualties. More than half of them were injured or killed in a few moments. They tightly gathered around and struggled to defend themselves. However, they were faced with tough enemies; they were like a small boat on the ocean and could drown any second.

Fei glanced around and quickly knew what was going on.

The coronation ceremony had turned into a battleground for two superpowers. This was the source of danger and conspiracy that his intuition sensed before. Although Chambord didn’t have anything to do with this fight, it was chosen as the unfortunate host and its extinction was decided for a long time ago.

“What are you hesitating for, little king?”

Paris smiled at Fei, as if all the blood and screaming was unrelated to her. “Come here and beg me, crawl here……kneel down. Hehehehe, I might really let you go.”

Fei looked at Angela.

The beautiful girl was like a lonely lily standing in the blowing dust. She was a bit pale, but her expression was staunch and valiant, and not a single sign of fear was seen on her face. Her sky blue dress was stained with drips of blood that were blown here by the wind, and the dress soon lost its sky blue color from the grey, brownish dust.

This dress was designed by Fei before the ceremony. It was specially made for Angela. It was majestic and unique, and it outlined and highlighted the girl’s intriguing beauty.

Fei rubbed his hands together.

And at that moment, a strong wind blew by and it blew up the edges of the girl’s dress. It exposed a portion of her white, smooth, jade-like legs, and that enchanted and calmed Fei at the same time.



* * *





Chapter 120




Chapter 120: Really Dead?

“Ah? Come on madam, just go and kill the princess. Why are you holding a grudge against me?” Fei thought in his mind. He really wanted to say it to this crazy Paris. He thought this woman’s real mission was to kill the eldest princess, so why would she come and mess with his woman.

“Let Angela go. I will swear with a king’s honour to not get involved with your business.”

Fei stared at Paris’ flirtatious eyes and then stated his offer.

It was obvious that this woman didn’t hold Angela purely for the grudge. This mission of assassinating the eldest princess took a long time to prepare and refine, but Fei who was equivalent to a four-star warrior popped out of nowhere near the execution date. In other words, Fei’s improvement speed was so fast that it outpaced Paris’ ability to deal with the change. There was no record of anyone advancing to a four-star ranking from three-stars in a matter of few days.

If this happened in any other situation, only a four-star warrior would not be enough to grab Paris’ attention. However, in this case, she had to do so.

In this assassination mission, both parties, Tanasha and Paris, were battling on an iron string above ground. They had to carefully calculate every step and every possible factor. Before the Coronation Ceremony, both of them reviewed their own plans and thought of every possibility that may destroy their strategies. The two smartest women from Petersburg knew that in this dangerous battle, any small change could instantly change the outcome. It was like dancing on knives; any failure would result in immediate death.

The background to this mission was quite simple.

Using the Chambord Coronation Ceremony as an opportunity, eldest princess Tanasha used herself as the bait to attract the attention of the evil Paris, and Paris immediately sensed Tanasha’s intention and planned accordingly to Tanasha’s plans. The two most famous women in the capital of Zenit Empire wanted to use this opportunity to kill each other and increase the chance of the men who they each supported to get the throne in the future. Due to the time constraint, this would likely be the last match; the winner takes all. From the numerous battles they had, they already had a great understanding of each other’s power, abilities and resources. At the beginning, both were at a subtle balance. It was like they were playing cards and they had similar hands. But if one party suddenly got an Ace out of nowhere, then the result would be obvious.

To be able to fight with Tanasha who was nicknamed the Goddess of Intelligence, Paris wasn’t just a pretty girl. Instead, she was quite smart and moved with calculated steps.

When she appeared on the King’s Altar, she was able to push Fei’s emotions and figure out his weakness in a few sentences – the only way to control Fei, the person who she and Tanasha didn’t take into account, was through controlling this girl called Angela.

Therefore, when their side attacked, she didn’t attack the eldest princess, but surprisingly chose Angela who was defenseless.

Paris succeeded.

At least from the look of things, she had complete control over this fight. She used minimal resources and restrained this unexpected “change”. King Alexander had not helped the eldest prince out too much in this fight. As time passed by, the balance was slowly tilting towards the assassin’s side.

This was a scary woman.

Fei just vaguely understood Paris’s intentions.

Therefore, he spoke and stated his positions.

However –

“Hehe, little king, if I don’t let her go, you still can’t help Tanasha out. Why would I let her go? Just because you said so?” Paris was a little surprised. She didn’t expect the king to sense her intentions this quick. However, no matter what happened, she wouldn’t let Angela go. Instead of trusting those promises and oaths, Paris who had experienced many dark sides of humans preferred complete control in her own hands.

Paris’ answer took Fei by surprise as well. He thought she would at least consider his proposal.

The current situation was bad for both the eldest princess and Fei. It could be said that they were on the same boat. If the assassins killed all the star warriors on the eldest princess’ side, then Fei would not survive this as well.

Fei frowned.

“Alexander…… At this moment, Angela who was quiet suddenly spoke. Her voice was so calm that it was scary. “Listen to me, Alexander. If you can, please kill this woman and get revenge for me and Emma……” After that, a stream of blood started to slide off of the edge of her mouth. Her beautiful neck lost all strength and her head lowered softly. Her body collapsed in Paris’ arm; a beautiful girl stopped breathing and passed away in the bright sunlight.

“Angela!!!!!!”

Fei roared as he felt like his heart was ripped in half. He stomped on the ground and his body shot out like a cannon as the ground under his feet caved inward. The purple and green dual swords turned into a blade storm and moved toward Paris crazily. The intent was clear, die!

Paris was shocked. She didn’t think that the girl in her arms was so determinate and would commit suicide by biting her own tongue. Although she was a little suspicious, after feeling the heart in the girl’s body stop beating, she felt something indescribable as a female. She sighed and lightly pushed Angela’s body toward Fei.

“I will return her body…… I didn’t plan to kill her.”

Paris’ shook her body and she disappeared from the spot, but her words got into Fei’s ear clearly. It was rare for this cruel and dominating woman to explain herself; this might be an exception for her as well.

Fei put away the dual swords and hugged his lover’s body.

“Blacky!!” Fei yelled.

“Bark, bark, bark, bark!!”

A loud barking noise broke the tragic howling atmosphere at the peak of East Mountain. Under the surprising stare of many people, an enormous black dog rushed to Fei’s side. Fei placed Angela’s corpse on the dog’s back, and the dog barked back and quickly turned into a black tornado and disappeared from the peak of East Mountain after Fei patted it on the head.

“Die!”

After seeing Blacky carry Angela off the mountain, Fei felt a bit less restrained. He turned around and glanced at the people who were still fighting. After locating the two yellow-bladed assassins who were massacring Zenit’s cavalries, he jumped up as he summoned his dual swords and chopped down with full force.

Boom!

A loud noise resonated on the battlefield and dust was sent into the air. The two assassins didn’t have the chance to dodge the attack. All they were able to do was block it with their blades. They immediately felt an unstoppable force coming off of the collision. Their knees were not able to handle it, and they were forced to kneel to counter this force. The result was shocking; the lower half of their bodies looked like they were nailed into the hard ground. Blood spurt out of their mouths as if it was water.

After the attack started, Fei didn’t stop. He didn’t hold back his force and moved with his murderous intent.

He aimed his kicks at the two assassins who had not gotten up yet in the chest. The kicks were so fast that it broke through the air, and the sound was so loud that the two assassins knew that they would not survive if the kicks landed. In extreme fear, the two of them positioned their blades in front of themselves to protect the vital spots around their chests. However, Fei’s great force kicked them out of the ground, and they flew off the broken King’s Altar.

“Get the f*ck out!”

After kicking away the two assassins, Fei forcefully stomped the altar, and numerous cracks appeared under his feet like a huge spider web. The mostly destroyed whole altar started to shake. The huge force that Fei applied to it went through the structure and was sent into the ground

The next second, the orange-yellowish energy flame flashed. The earth-attributed star warrior who was hiding underground and sneak attacking people screamed as he rushed out of the ground. Fei’s stomp was very on point. The force directly hit him under the ground and almost instantly killed him. He had almost lost his ability to fight, and he was just running away…….

Unbelievable Strength!

Unimaginable performance!

The eldest princess who was under the cavalries’ protection was shocked by this scene as well.

Fei who was extremely enraged had demonstrated an unbelievable fighting ability. The physical strength of a level 21 Barbarian was fully utilized. Powerful strength could demolish all tactics and techniques. When faced with this level of brute force, the star warriors didn’t even have time to use their energy techniques and show off their skills. They were severely injured and had to back off.

In an instant, three assassins had lost their strength and were no longer threats.

The situation on the battlefield changed drastically.

Paris initially joined the assassin who used a sword and fought with the purple dressed girl. They tried to get through the girl’s purple flames and get to the eldest princess. But after seeing this scene, an angry and anxious expression appeared on her beautiful face. She ditched the purple-dressed girl and aimed her attacks at Fei.

The green energy that was visible in her hands was pushed out; her movements were so soft that it looked like she was reaching out to her lover. But the energy immediately transformed into a gigantic green bird. It opened it wings, cried loudly and flew toward Fei. Its wide wings were as sharp as knives. With craze in its eyes, it covered the sunlight and dashed toward Fei.

The path that the gigantic gird took was completely destroyed. The ground was cracked, and the corpses were blown into the air.

Fei laughed with a crazy expression.

He used both Barbarian Skills -【Bash】 and 【Double Swing】 at the same time, and his purple and green dual swords turned into a blade storm and went head to head with the gigantic green bird.

Finally, the bird and the purple green dual sword collided.

Boom!

The whole mountain started to shake from this collision.

The huge impact created an air wave, and it swept through the peak of East Mountain, and people who were close got blown away like weeds. Not a single person was able to remain standing till under this strong pressure. Chipped stones, dust, blood, and weapons spun in the air and created a strange tornado. In a radius of 10 yards from where Fei and Paris stood, everything seemed to gradually decompose and turn into debris.

It was a beautiful, breathtaking storm.

Last Chapter



* * *





Chapter 121




Chapter 121: The Terrifying White Haired Master.

A beautiful and horrifying death storm.

Although Paris was powerful, she was pushed back by the force from the collision like a falling leaf in an autumn breeze. She had to admit that she still underestimated this little king’s true strength, although she was very careful.

As she flew back like a leaf, her mind quickly calculated and planned the next move. Her pupil suddenly contracted. She saw two flashes of light that were emanating a murderous aura. Under the cover of this beautiful storm, a purple and green light were shot at her; one aimed at her heart and one aimed at her throat.

Impossible.

That little king had brutally held himself up against the huge force from this deadly collision. Moreover, he moved so quickly after that. Although his body was covered in wounds, his determination didn’t get affected at all; his goal was still to kill her. His body was perfectly parallel with the ground as he dashed towards her. His body spinning in the air and the purple and green dual swords flashing in a lethal bladestorm.

Paris immediately felt a sense of great danger.

The murderous intent in Fei’s eyes had almost materialized. It created numerous red marks on Paris’ white skin, as if a knife had dragged across her body. The chilling, deadly sensation instantly tore open Paris’ mental defence, and paused all her thoughts.

After seeing the layers of green energy walls that she setup fail to block the dual swords, her expression finally changed drastically. An unprecedented scared expression appeared on her beautiful face as she turned her head around and screamed a name –

“Murphy!!!”

Boom – !

Before she could finish screaming, a figure appeared in front of her and threw a punch slowly.

This punch gave people a very strange feeling.

It seemed like it was ultra-slow. Everyone could see the angle and trajectory of the punch clearly. They were even able to see the symbols and inscriptions on the black ring that he was wearing on his finger clearly. However, the punch was fast as well. In an instant, the punch had connected onto the swords.

The punch had literally reversed and messed up both time and space.

Tink!

The punch accurately hit both the purple and green lights at the same time.

An unstoppable force exploded onto Fei’s swords which started to bend and strain in Fei’s hands. The impulse was soon passed from the sword into Fei’s hands, forearm, and shoulders.

Crack, crack – !

A chilling bone breaking noise sounded. Blood spurted out of the pores on his arms, as if it were a layer of blood mist around him. His clothes were immediately stained by the blood. Like a doll that was ditched by someone, Fei flew back for more than twenty yards before he could stop. A stream of blood dripped off from the edge of Fei’s mouth.

A master!

Fei was shocked.

The person who suddenly appeared was the most powerful person that he had seen in both the real and Diablo World. The strange force that entered Fei’s arms and body had destroyed and tore Fei’s bones and muscles apart, as if there were many mini-explosions in his body. The unbearable pain almost made Fei howl loudly.

He immediately took out a bottle of 【Normal Healing Potion】and chugged it.

The injuries in his body quickly recovered.

However, Fei wasn’t relieved at all.

The force that entered his body didn’t disappear. It was still continuing the destruction of bones and muscles that the healing potion healed. The potion was only able to fix and heal the injured body parts, it wasn’t able to get rid of the dangerous force inside of him.

He took out another potion, it was a bottle of 【Full Rejuvenation Potion】.

This potion could restore 100% of the health and mana in the Diablo World, and it also helped with getting rid of some negative effects…… As soon as the purple potion went down his throat, the force that was inside of him got weaker immediately. Soon, the effect of the potion and the deadly force cancelled each other out.

Fei didn’t attack again.

He quickly switched to Assassin Mode, and disappeared in this dusty, misty environment. At this point, the peak of East Mountain was hazy. The dust and the bloody mist obscured the people’s visions. This was the best environment for assassins to show the world what they could do.

A tall strong white haired and bearded man stood in front of Paris.

This was the person, Murphy, who had blown Fei away. He was one of the Trump Cards that Paris had and was supposed to attack and kill the elder princess at the most critical moment. However, when Paris’ life was under great danger, she had no choice but to pull him out to defend her. This secret trump card was exposed.

After blowing Fei away, the old man Murphy didn’t chase and try to kill Fei with the advantage.

He put his hands behind his back. Two golden light beams shot out from his eyes and broke through the layers of dusts and blood mist like a searchlight. It seemed like he was scanning around and was trying to find something…… A solemn expression gradually appeared on his face.

Paris who was standing behind him saw something else. She saw two deep, bloody wounds on the elder’s fists. The wounds were about one to two inches deep, and his white bones were visible. Blood slid off his fingers and dripped onto the ground.

This discovery scared Paris one more time.

Murphy was already a six star warrior. He had metal attributed energy, and that made his body almost indestructible. His fists were like the hardest weapons that ever existed, but they didn’t have any advantages over Fei’s dual swords…… Paris felt increasingly chilly as she thought about it more. If Murphy wasn’t here, then her throat and heart would definitely have been pierced by that attack.

“Murphy, kill him as fast as you can!”

Paris spat the words out from between her pearly white teeth. She was never this worried. Although she had more trump cards and more plans, but the ability that this little king had shown made her a little uncomfortable. The women’s sixth sense, her intuition told her that she might had ignored something, but she couldn’t grasp it.

“He disappeared!”

The master warrior Murphy glanced around the peak of East Mountain, and couldn’t find where the little king was hiding at. He couldn’t sense where Fei would be at all: “I can’t find him!”

“What?”

Paris couldn’t hide the surprise on her beautiful face. This little king was able to hide from the gaze of a six star warrior. It seemed like an impossible miracle told in stories and legends that were passed around by the travelling poets. This woman quickly thought of a solution: “Just start torturing and killing the guards and soldiers from Chambord, we will just force him to come out on his own!”

Paris was a master of understanding and playing with people’s weaknesses.

But –

“Paris, if i’m not wrong, it seems like everyone from Chambord…… is dead already.”

Murphy glanced around the the Peak of East Mountain again, and gave Paris an answer that made her very frustrated. This beautiful woman had not experienced this hard situation for a long long time. She felt powerless in this situation, the same feeling she had when her adopted father locked her in the dark basement sixteen years ago.

“Damn it! Forget about him…… I will keep the star warriors on their side busy. Just kill the elder princess first!”

After she said that, Paris dashed into another battleground, and helped the assassin who was slowly falling into a disadvantage as he fought with the purple dressed girl. Murphy on the other hand dashed towards where the elder princess was.

Boom! Boom!

With every step he took, the energy surrounding him grew stronger. Soon, the mountain started to shook, as the energy was too powerful.

The cavalry knights who surrounded the elder princess quickly sensed this danger. With less than a hundred men left, they divided themselves into two groups. One group closely guarded the elder princess and another group charged at the whited haired Murphy with courage; they wanted to use their bodies, their lives to stop this terrifying six star warrior’s advancement – although they might only stop the man for one second for each life that was sacrificed.

However –

Boom! Boom!

Murphy was still getting closer to the elder princess. He simply threw out punches at the Zenit soldiers who charged at him, and the men who tried to block Murphy’s path were blown apart before they could even scream in pain. The strong metal attributed energy instantly crushed all the bones of these cavaliers into pieces, and evaporated all their blood. They were like snowflakes during a hot summer day, disappearing in seconds.

This was a truly powerful high ranked star warrior.

Ordinary soldiers couldn’t even get close to him within 10 yards (m), let alone stopping him.

Although this was reality, the cavalries charged in one after another.

The soldiers’ honour suppressed the fear in them.

Unfortunately, bravery and courage couldn’t change anything when faced with absolute strength and power.

In a blink of an eye, more than fifty bravery cavaliers were gone. Their weapons and armour were all crushed into dusts along with their bodies, bones and blood. They had forever disappeared from this world.

Murphy was still approaching the elder princess step by step.

He was in a critical distance from the elder princess. She was in great danger. When Murphy threw out the twenty first punch, the formation of cavaliers who were protecting the elder princess was already falling apart.

The death of their colleagues and friends didn’t faze them at all but Murphy’s fists were a different story.

WIthout commands nor shouts, the rest of the cavaliers divided themselves into halves again. About twenty five cavaliers continued to guard the elder princess, and the other 25 charged at Murphy, like moths flying into a flame. The path was soaked in the blood of their colleagues.

Boom! Boom!Boom! Boom!

It was the same punches, and it was the same silent deaths.

The brave sacrifices of the cavalries seemed way too cheap; it was not effective at all.

The white haired elder was less than thirty yards(m) away from the elder princess.

Among all the twenty five cavalries who charged at Murphy, there was only one who was still alive. An impatient expression appeared on Murphy’s face. He punched out again and that man instantly disappeared from the world.

There was nothing that could stop this white haired murderer.

Murphy’s eyes locked onto the elder princess. He believed that he could turn this Goddess of Intelligence of St. Petersburg, who was feared by many people, into a bloody pulp.

But, at this moment –

It was a fist.

It quietly travelled through the blood mist of the last charging cavalries. As if it got pass through the limitations of time and space, the fist instantly landed on Murphy’s chest.

Puff – !

Blood was spurted, and it stained Murphy’s white beard

He flew back uncontrollably like a bullet.

Last Chapter



* * *





Chapter 122




abbu1234

for real i agree if you check you will see that HTK has over 100 comments and GDN has 72. i just saying hope there’ll be a more chapter today like you said. i didn’t like that cliffhanger because who know when you guys will update again. Hope you guys did good on you mid-term though. Anyway i am not a person who likes to leave post but i read and give money if i satisfied but this novel i comment more times than i have on anything online like YouTube, novels, Facebook in a year no 2 years. So as you can see i really like this novel. it was rated as 16th on novel update popular list for a while but dropped 30 something probably because of the slow pace. i just saying focus more on HTK you’ll get more views and more money. i normally leave a novel and don’t comeback for a while to wait for it to update a lot but 2 per week eh…. you should try to look for someone to help you translate or edit which ever you need someone is bond to help out. Oh and read the comments find out what people want. you see HTK is more popular yet gets less chapter makes no sense. GDN is less popular but get more chapters. makes no sense to me. i don’t like comment like i said but i just really like this novel, it as good as ATG, MGA, MW, TMW, SR, AST and etc basically as good as the novel on WuxiaWorld, Gravity tales, etc. i just saying that it can make a bit popular like those websites. Because honestly i haven’t seen a novel like this before, so i really like it. it has all the things i like in it like harm, a bit of ecchi, comedy, suspense, kingdoms, main as king, main trying to improve his kingdom and etc. you can find most of these but i don’t see much to any novels like that even ATG the main doesn’t really care much about the mortal world and kingdoms of stuff because of the Divine Realm. Anyway i talk for a long time sorry if i offended you but i just really like this novel and would like someone that updates everyday or at least every 2 days like Alyushu on Spirit Realm and ATG. oh and one more thing if the author doesn’t make it 2 chapters than it’s one chapter. if you update frequently you can get away with it but some people might feel as if you lying and just being lazy but i don’t mind much just want another chapter so that cliffhanger doesn’t bother me all day or week to know what happened.



* * *





Chapter 123




Chapter 123: I want to Feel Happier!

Everyone at the top of Eastern Mountain almost vomited and fainted. This little King’s tone and word choice was a little too rude. How could this represent the demeanor of a small Royal Family? It was more like a flustered gangster!

Could it be that he lost his mind due to what happened today?

It was no wonder since at his most proud and glorious moment, a catastrophe occurred. Not only did the crowning ceremony become a big joke, but even his fiancée and loyal men were all killed on the spot. If it was anyone else in his shoes that was dealt such a huge blow, they would probably have coughed out blood and died; even going mad would be a better result.

Modric laughed and said, “Alexander, even if you faked death and escaped, what can you do? Did you really think you could save anything right now?”

He proudly smiled, and then suddenly smudged his face with his right hand.

After a burst of blue flashing ripples that gave off a trace of wood magic energy, a layer gradually spread out and his face completely changed. It was no longer the gentle blonde smiling prince of Lake Kingdom, but rather someone unfamiliar to Fei.

“Wood elemental illusion magic?” someone exclaimed.

“He’s [Butcher] Sandro… a knight commander under His Highness Dominguez! I’ve seen him before…” someone exclaimed as he recognized this unfamiliar face.

Hearing someone calling out his name, Sandro’s arrogant expression bloomed even brighter. “Hahaha, Alexander, now you should know why I would help Ms. Paris. Do you now understand why these two people are still alive?”

Behind Sandro stood two people that should have been dead.

The muscular earth elemental warrior Hershzen and Okocha. (TL: might have been previously translated as Aobina my badddd)

The former committed suicide by taking poison after he failed his assassination attempt on Fei and was chased around, like playing Whac-A-Mole back to the hotel he was staying at. The latter was massacred along with his guards at the hotel they were residing in by some mysterious figure.

But now, they were both alive and sound.

They had proud and mocking smiles, and their eyes were filled with resentment when looking at Fei. It was this little king that they originally overlooked, which left them with no choice but to “die” once, and it almost screwed up Dominguez’s big plan.

“I get it now. On that night, it was you that passed on the message in advance to the Thrace Kingdom emissary group and let them create the disguise that they were all annihilated and that Prince Okacha was killed. You also found someone to replace Hershzen’s death and deceive me, right?” Fei’s sudden realization showed on his face.

“You are not that stupid,” Thrace Kingdom’s Prince Okocha sneered and advanced a step.

“I was wondering how someone could kill over 200 people that quickly. I didn’t even sense it outside a thousand meters. So that’s what happened…” Fei touched his chin as he said, “However, you guys are really cruel. You actually killed that many of your own guards just because you were afraid that I might find out something… You guys are really f*cking worse than animals.”

“Afraid of you? Idiot, you really overestimate yourself. Her Highness Paris just didn’t want to disturb the Elder Prince so she purposely threw out this smoke array.” Okocha looked at Fei as if he was looking at an idiot and laughed disdainfully, “Little King, you should worry about yourself. Chambord City is destined to be erased off the map today. Your people will all die and turn into ash, and they will be thrown into the lake with you to feed the fish!”

After being called worse than an animal, Okocha’s face turned dark.

No one expected that at this moment, Paris unexpectedly took a step forward, smiled and said, “King Alexander, I have to admit that you are a genius with great potential. If you swear to work for His Royal Highness Dominguez, I can let you go today, and even your Chambord City can be saved. You can continue to be your King, and I can also promise you that in two months after the Imperial War Practice, Chambord City can be promoted to a tier 3 subsidiary kingdom.”

“Hahahahaha…”

Fei patted his thighs and laughed with tears almost coming out. “You old granny, are you offering a meal out of pity mixed with contempt? Could it be… hehe, could it be that you are scared?” Then, before waiting for Paris to reply, Fei suddenly looked ruthless, without even a trace of a smile left on his face. He stared angrily and pointed in disdain as he shouted, “Go f*ck yourself! Dominguez can go f*ck himself too. F*ck your tier 3 kingdom; if I want something, can’t I just grab it myself? Since when did I need to ask you arrogant b*tches for charity? Today, as long as I’m not happy, no one can f*cking think about leaving this mountain alive!”

This speech left everyone on the mountain dumbfounded.

Even the Eldest Princess, [God of War] Arshavin and Paris couldn’t close their mouths.

After all these days of stress that were supressed in his heart, plus everything that happened on the Eastern Mountain today, Fei simply wanted to let it all out.

He directly placed his two hands on his waist and started swearing with spit flying everywhere.

“What dog sh*t King demeanor, what dog sh*t royal family etiquette, all of you can f*ck off to the side. That’s right, you guys are the big people; you guys are all bosses, and just one fart from you guys can blow away my Chambord City. You guys want to kill each other, and I can’t control that, but can you guys not just all come to my territory and start f*cking each other? You want to eliminate my kingdom and kill my people? Alright, that’s fine. Hehe, today I will let you big figures see what it looks like when a small character like me goes crazy.”

Right after he finished swearing and before everyone could react, Fei suddenly flashed, and in the next second, an after-image appeared in the air. While moving at high speed, he reached out his two hands and grabbed something in the void, and after a purple and green flash of light, the Purple Green Duo Swords appeared in his hands.

“Hahaha, I will take some interest first.”

Fei laughed and swung with both hands. The duo swords drew two beautiful rainbows in the air and roared towards Modric and the other two people.

On the top of Eastern Mountain, nobody could have expected that in such a disadvantaged situation, this mad little King would actually dare to attack first.

Seeing the purple and green swords coming, Okocha and his guard Hershzen sneered and pulled out their weapons to counter. They were four star warriors like Fei, so obviously they were not afraid of this 2v1 situation and even charged up to take on Fei.

But…

Roar!!!

An earth-shattering roar sounded in the ears of these two men. Then, the huge sound wave also incredibly penetrated their bodies, deeply shocked their souls. In the next second, they didn’t know where their endless fear came from, but like a free-flowing river, it unstoppably rushed to their hearts and instantly magnifying their pupils and made their bodies stiff…

Then, the sharp flaming flash arrived.

Puff~

Two blood springs erupted from the two heads that flew into the air.

Bang! Bang!

Hershzen and Okocha’s headless bodies twitched and fell to the ground.

No one could have guessed that with just one move, this seriously injured little king that looked like he could die any second would take the heads of two elites at the same level.

Si~

It was completely quiet until waves of people breathing in cold ear could be heard, breaking the instant of silence on the Eastern mountain. Everyone felt a chill from their asses all the way up to their spine!

Waaaaa~

Waves of sharp, yet hoarse calls could be heard.

Far in the depths of the mountains, countless huge swallow birds flew through the magnificent golden sea of clouds. They stretched their wings and came flying like a dark black cloud. The bloody taste of the top of Eastern Mountain allowed them to feel the temptation of delicious food.

“Hehe, this time I’m feeling a little happier!”

Fei raised his feet and used the bottom of his shoe to rub off some of the blood on the swords. Then, he comfortably stretched his back, kicked the two dead bodies beside his feet, revealed two rows of big white teeth and laughed, “You guys are really dead this time, right? Haha, why don’t you stand up and play dead again and let me see again?”

“Ahhhhhh!!!!!”

[Butcher] Sandro seemed to lose his soul. It was like someone had shoved a spiky mace up his ass as he kept on screaming and running. This so-called [Butcher] has the gut of a mouse; he was so scared that piss and feces almost shot out of his pants. He climbed and rolled behind Paris. How was he in any way similar to that arrogant person that successfully took down the two main fighters on the Eldest Princess’s side?

Qiang! Qiang! Qiang! Qiang!

As for Fei, he was like a gangster and didn’t have the demeanor of a master at all. He smiled and banged the two magical swords in his hands. Not masking the arrogance in his eyes, he said, “Hey, old granny Paris, I want to feel happier. What do you think should happen?”

Last Chapter

½ regular chaps for this week





* * *





Chapter 124




Chapter 124: Like killing a chicken.



“It looks like we all underestimated you. You hid pretty well.” The flirtatious Paris smiled. Her dressed fluttered in the wind, and a portion of her legs were exposed; they were white and smooth, and dazzled like jades. She said, “Alexander, my prior promise still holds true. If you are still willing to work for His Highness Dominguez, I will ignore everything that has happened, and you can still get everything you want in life…… even if you want me!”

After she said that, a charming blush appeared on her white face. Who had ever seen the beauty’s blushful expression? This beauty controlled one of the two superpowers in the empire. Under the golden morning sun on the peak of Eastern Mountain, numerous men began to unconsciously nosebleed. Even Arshavin, [Zenit’s God of War] looked somewhere else; he didn’t dare to stare at her face.

However –

“Yuck! Granny, you’re already so old. Why are you still here flirting with people? It is not your fault that you are ugly, but harassing people is wrong. Do you think I never saw any women before?” Fei glanced at her disdainfully.

The crowd had to admit that Fei’s mouth was very vicious.

What he said made Paris angry instantly. Other people almost burst into laughter.

Although Paris wasn’t a cute loli, every part of her body was mature and charming; she was so beautiful that it would be hard to find a woman that could compare. Numerous nobles wanted to obtain her heart, and there were rumours that even Emperor Yasin had a good impression of this beauty. Now, Fei was addressing her as an old granny, and dismissing her attempts at being flirtatious; Paris who was always graceful and calm was so mad that her face turned pale.

“How dare you, die!”

The assassin in white who was behind Paris yelled and suddenly disappeared, as if he dissolved into the air. There wasn’t even an afterimage or ripple in the air. Obviously, this dangerous assassin had turned invisible and was preparing a lethal sneak attack.

However, Fei giggled and stood still. He held onto the purple green dual swords like he didn’t see anything happen.

Be careful, this is the metal-attribute energy [Space Break Stealth Technique]!”

The purple dressed girl who was sitting down and meditating to heal up opened her eyes. The purple flame energy surrounded her, but a tense expression was on her pretty face. After seeing King Alexander acting so arrogant, she couldn’t help but warn him.

Fei smiled as he gave the girl a thankful look.

At this moment –

An invisible layer of space suddenly appeared in the cold air like an exotic ghost flower blooming on the surface of water. A transparent claw broke through this ghost flower and instantly appeared in front of Fei. It was so fast that it was beyond human reflex, and it pierced through Fei’s chest like lightning.

Blood started dripping.

It slid off the white iron claws that had back hooks and fish-like scales.

The assassin in white slowly appeared in front of Fei inch by inch. A proud and ferocious smile was on his face; people could sense his cruelty just by looking at him. He twisted the claws that he stabbed into Fei intentionally; he enjoyed the begging and desperate look on his victim’s face.

The crowd couldn’t help but gasp.

The hope that just appeared in the heart of followers of the eldest princess quickly shattered. Some people were secretly swearing at this little king, “This dumb pig, so arrogant……” On the other hand, the people from Shanui Kingdom and Chata Kingdom who were wearing the red band were delighted. They looked at Fei with disdain and sympathy; as if they were looking at a clown that messed up his trick.

“Can you still…… be that arrogant?”

The assassin in white slowly turned his arm and stretched his fingers that were in the king’s body; this way, he could let this opponent feel the pain and desperation of life energy leaving his body slowly. Although this little king’s body was so tough that it even scared him as it felt like his claw were stuck in a piece of iron, it was no use. He could tell that his claw had destroyed the major energy pathways in the little king’s body and locked down the little king’s energy.

But –

“You stupid donkey, of course I can be more arrogant!”

When he heard Fei say that, the assassin in white felt a chill in his bones. He immediately felt something was wrong. When he tried to gather the energy inside of his body and tear up his opponent’s body, he suddenly saw a purple flame flash. His right arm felt cold; his entire right arm was chopped off and was left in Fei’s body.

Blood spurted out like a fountain.

The assassin in white was terrified. His body started to shiver as he wanted to escape despite the unbearable pain he was experiencing. Half of his body was turning transparent; he was about to dissolve into the air again. However, Fei wasn’t going to let him go that easily. Fei’s right hand struck out and grabbed onto the assassin’s head.

“Hahaha, want to escape? Too late now!” Fei laughed out loud.

The assassin in white felt a huge, unimaginable force pull him out of his stealth state like a carrot; it felt like he was tied to a magnificent mountain, and the mountain was falling from the sky.

“No……”

He screamed desperately. He stimulated all of his four-star warrior metal attribute energy and tried to shake off the hand that was grabbing onto his head. However, the hand endured through all the effort that the assassin put up to escape. The assassin roared as he struggled, but he couldn’t get away. The hand suddenly pushed down and both of his knees couldn’t handle the force; he instantly kneeled down in front of Fei.

To the crowd, it seemed like the assassin kneeled down after a light push by the little king who was dying. The assassin’s knees smashed onto a huge rock and cracked. Everyone could hear the sound of bones breaking. It was clear that his knee bones were shattered into pieces.

Fei slowly licked the blood that was on his lips. This action made the assassin tremble even more; Fei looked like a bloodthirsty demon from hell.

“It’s now my turn. Let me ask you, dumbass. Can you still be that arrogant?”

A sharp green sword was placed by the assassin’s neck; it was so sharp that it had cut into the assassin’s neck a little without applying any force.

All of the assassin’s courage disappeared.

He started to shiver uncontrollably. As an assassin, he had tortured and killed numerous people using his claws; he had nicknamed himself the representative of the Grim Reaper. But when he was so close to death, he was scared like a little girl as he begged, “Ahhhhhhh, no, please…… spare me……please……”

But before he could finish, the green blade had begun to cut into his skin.

He could even feel a cold sensation passing through his skin, muscle, blood vessels and bones. He wanted to struggle, scream, beg for forgiveness, and whine……However, the cruel demon in front of him didn’t give him the chance. The process was slow and long. He even felt the blade cutting through his neck. Then, he saw a body without a head and blood spurted out of his neck……

He saw a headless body in a white cloak falling to the ground, and the blood stained the soil.

That was his body.

The crowd was stunned.

Although they had seen numerous enemies and peers die in front of them today, the scene still shocked their nerves, especially when Fei slowly beheaded the assassin in white who was a four-star warrior, a warrior that could dictate their lives. Fei beheaded him as if he was a chicken. The spurting blood dyed the color of the sky and the sun red.

The crowd felt the anger of this king.

Unbearable anger.

Even the eldest princess and Paris who were calm and collected changed their expressions. They asked themselves, “Did I wake up a demon by accident?”

Scavenging birds that surrounded the peak of Eastern Mountain like dark clouds had also felt the murderous intent coming from this one person. They called in a high pitch, but they were scared; they didn’t dare to land onto the ground.

Except for the bird calls, the only sounds on the peak of Eastern Mountain were the sounds of breathing.

“Oh? Killed another one. Eh, I’m feeling a little bit better.”

Fei cleaned the blood off his blade by using the bottom of his shoes. He rubbed his chin in satisfaction as he smiled; the people could see his pearl white teeth. The detached arm of the assassin was still stabbed in his chest. As he moved, he frowned as if the pain caused some inconvenience for him. But what he did next even scared everyone on the peak of Eastern Mountain.

Fei grabbed onto that arm and pulled the iron claw with back hooks on it directly out of his body. Pieces of flesh and blood were stuck on it; there were even white pieces of chipped bones. If it was any other person, the amount of pain would make them faint, but they didn’t see any painful expression on this little king’s face.

This movement immediately gave some people a chill.

“Ahhhhh! Demon! He is a demon!”

Among all the emissaries on Paris’ side, a guard suddenly cried as if he saw an undead demon. He turned around and rushed away as if he wanted to escape this living hell. But after he ran for four or five yards, something unimaginable happened.

Boom! Splat!

A series of white and extremely bright lightning strikes appeared from the ground. The enormous current travelled through the guard’s body, and he was turned into a large piece of black charcoal.

“God! That …… is lightning magic trap!” Someone yelled in surprise.

A big smile appeared on Fei’s face. He didn’t hide his proud expression as he said, “Hahaha, that’s right, it’s a magic trap. Do you guys think that I don’t know how to do anything except play dead? Hahaha, the entire peak of Eastern Mountain is filled with magic traps. If anyone dares to move, he or she will be turned into a piece of charcoal just like that dumbass!”

Last Chapter



* * *





Chapter 125




Chapter 125: I have to talk to my wife



After Fei said that, the people on the peak of Eastern Mountain were terrified.

Magic traps were not simple things that anyone could get. Only mages who were at least four star ranked could create them. On top of that, it would take a lot of magic power and a ton of precious magic materials. The reason why they were so rare was that the success rate was very low. However, once a magic trap was created, its power could not be underestimated. If it was used properly, it could deal the same kind damage as a full strike of the mage who created the trap.

According to legends, moon and sun ranked warriors and mages had been trapped and killed by powerful god tier magic traps. According to even more ancient tales, the magic traps that were set up by the mages at the demi-god level had killed even immortal gods during the war between the gods and the demons.

Plus, anything that had something to do with the word “trap” was closely related with things that were mysterious, cruel, sudden, sneaky, evil, tricky, and more. Genius mages had invented all kinds of unthinkable magic traps. Among the top assassinations on the Azeroth Continent, nine of them had to do with magic traps.

Therefore, after hearing Fei say that magic traps were placed around the peak of Eastern Mountain, everyone got scared, including the eldest princess and Paris.

But soon, some people got back to their senses.

“Impossible, how could you afford so many magic traps? You are only a level six affiliated kingdom. Don’t even think about placing magic traps around here. I don’t think you can even afford one magic item if you sold your entire Chambord Kingdom.”

“Haha, yeah. You placed magic traps around the peak of Eastern Mountain? Who are you trying to scare?”

“I think he is a little crazy……”

“After getting injured so severely and bleeding so much, this little king is about to die. He is losing his mind. He doesn’t know what he is talking about……”

The princes and emissaries from Shanui and Chata Kingdom made fun of Fei one after another. They were trying to please Paris, but they were also trying to boost their own courage. They were really scared by Fei’s prior actions.

“You bunch of fools. If you don’t believe me, you can go and try it out!” Fei sneered.

These magic traps were placed around the peak of Eastern Mountain after he switched to [Assassin Mode]. There were at least 50 to 60 of them. They were all fire and lightning attribute magic traps. Although they used up a lot of Fei’s mana, they were relatively easy to set up; they didn’t cost any precious magic materials at all. This didn’t follow the understanding of the people on Azeroth Continent, but none of them knew.

“Hahaha, I will try!”

Some people were less cautious. It was a one star earth attribute warrior who spoke. He was the henchman of Prince Layo from Shanui Kingdom. After getting the prince’s approval, he walked out and headed to the exit. He was sly; he didn’t choose the direction that the poor guard who was turned to charcoal chose. He headed in another direction.

However –

Wooosh!

After a few steps, a cloud of burning fire appeared under the ground. It swallowed this arrogant guard immediately. After a few screams, he turned into a pile of ash in the fire. His one star warrior energy didn’t help him too much. He was almost instantly killed.

The red flame was very demon-like; it was burning as if it could ignite the air. After the guard was burned to ash, his weapon and armour were burnt into a pot of iron liquid and soon evaporated. The temperature of the flame was so high that it was definitely a real magic flame.

“How could it be???”

“Damn, it really is a fire magic trap……”

“Oh my god, so is everything he said true?”

Immediately, the princes who were laughing at Fei the most shut their mouths. They stared at the magic flame as if it was from hell. “So there are actually magic traps. This little king was honest……” they all thought.

Prince Layo from Shanui Kingdom was especially dumbfounded. He was planning to test the route himself to prove Fei wrong; fortunately for him, he suddenly decided to let his personal guard test it first. Otherwise, the person who was burnt to ashes would be him.

Fei sneered as he glanced around; his expression told the people on Paris’ side that he didn’t view them as threats.

Paris had realized something by this point already. Her pretty eyes scanned the ground inch by inch, but human eyes weren’t able to detect magic traps; she couldn’t even detect it with her special energy searching technique. That was the scary characteristic of magic traps – before they were triggered, people couldn’t find them without special techniques.

Paris waved her hand at the assassin in yellow. The assassin who was using a blade understood the signal. He jumped up as he swung his blade; a dash of blue water attribute energy that was six or seven yards long left his blade and flew toward one direction.

Boom! Boom!

Brawl! Brawl!

Many magic traps that were five or six yards away were triggered as the dash of energy passed through them. In an instant, clouds of burning fire and dashes of lighting appeared out of nowhere and started to head over to the assassin. The assassin used his water attribute energy and created a shield around him. However, the power of the lightning and fire was so strong that the shield made from the four-star warrior energy shattered. He was injured and backed off messily.

At this point, everyone on the peak of Eastern Mountain realized the situation that they were in.

That scene clearly proved everything the little king said. Although this king had a bloody hole in his chest that was almost see through, he in fact did secretly place numerous highly damaging magic traps around the terrain. With these many traps, people who were not at the four-star rank could never get out of here alive.

Many people had a strange feeling – if this little king was not severely injured, he would become the only winner of this gigantic conspiracy and fight.

“Don’t worry, I have an idea. We have to capture him first. He must have saved a safe path for himself to get out.”

[Butcher] Sandro who previously disguised as Modric quickly thought of a strategy. After seeing that Fei was injured and was having a hard time standing up straight, he felt this was the best opportunity for him to gain merit in front of Paris. He immediately rushed out of the crowd and aimed at Fei.

Paris’ expression changed, but she didn’t say anything.

She realized that she was no longer able to see through this little king. She had never felt this perplexed and this shocked in her life. Before she made any decisions, she was willing to let [Butcher] Sandro test Fei again.

[Butcher] Sandro was fast.

He was a four-star fire attribute warrior. As he sprinted to Fei, he moved his hands and red fire energy in his hands transformed into a roaring fire dragon. It flew towards Fei with all of its power and might.

Fei lighted swung his body to the right and dodged this lethal strike.

The next moment, he did something that almost made Sandro collapse –

With a slight flip of his hand, a bottle of red potion appeared in his palm. He chugged it down and the scary injury that was caused by the iron claw healed quickly; it was so fast that the healing was visible to human eyes. Strands of muscle and flesh squirmed and knitted themselves together, and the see-through hole on Fei’s body closed. In just ten seconds, the injures on Fei’s body had fully recovered and he had returned to his peak condition.

[Buchter] Sandro’s face turned ugly, as if it was slapped by a pair of dirty shoes hundreds of time. The only reason why he was brave enough to attack Fei was because he saw that Fei injured; who would have known that this would happen.

The scene of Fei beheading the assassin in white appeared in Sandro’s mind; the assassin in white was much stronger than him. The [Butcher] was terrified; he ignored his honour and pride as he turned around and tried to escape.

However, Fei would never give him the chance.

Fei hated this guy who loved cosplaying and sneak attacking other people. He stomped his feet and Barbarian 【Leap】 was used. He turned into a shadow and chased after the [Butcher]. His fingers grabbed at Sandro’s shoulder like an iron hook.

“Hahaha, baited! Die!”

As Fei’s fingers was about to touch Sandro’s shoulder, Sandro stopped escaping, turned around, and laughed proudly. His fists instantly aimed at Fei’s head; Fei immediately sensed danger.

The energy surrounding the fist had a heavy and firm feeling to it. It felt like these two fists could destroy anything in their way. This wasn’t the power that a four-star warrior could have.

‘Haha, I knew it! Predicted!”

At this critical moment, Fei suddenly stopped his chase; somehow, the inertia was gone. His body froze as if time was paused. Fei easily dodged Sandro’s planned sneak attack. He then grabbed onto Sandro’s arm and pulled him towards himself. The huge force made Sandro lose the control of his body as he flew towards Fei.

“Impossible, how could you……”

Bam!

Before he could finish, Fei’s left fist had already blown up his head.

The red blood and white brain flew everywhere. It would give anyone who watched nightmares. The [Butcher] Sandro who had injured two top-tier warriors was killed without having the chance to beg for mercy.

Fei reached down and picked up two silver rings off of Sandro’s corpse.

He found out a long time ago that this [Butcher] had a mysterious weapon that was like a magic item. This weapon could increase the condensation of warrior energy and instantly increase the damage of an attack. It was the best weapon for sneak attacks. It was because of these two silver rings that the [Butcher] could injure both the purple dressed girl and Arshavin, the [Zenit’s God of War]. Otherwise, he could never injure either of them even if he sneak attacked.

After kicking away Sandro’s corpse, the demon-like smile appeared on Fei’s face for the third time, “Ah, another one. I’m feeling even better!”

The people on Paris’ side were going crazy.

Acting weak!

This was the very definition of pretending to be weak!

Who could have thought that this little king had this mysterious healing potion that could speed up recovery that quickly? They didn’t expect a high star ranked warrior on their side to die under Fei’s feet again.

Under the golden morning sun, the peak of Eastern Mountain had turned into something else.

Four headless corpses laid around Fei; there was Hershzen, Okocha, the assassin in white, and Sandro. Everyone felt like they were having a crazy nightmare. “What is happening? How could this little king kill three four-star ranked warriors and a five-star ranked warrior this easily…… Is the God of War joking with us? If this is a nightmare, please let this nightmare end soon!” they thought.

“Take back these magic traps, and I will not hold you accountable for everything you’ve done!” Paris stepped up. The smile was no longer visible on this beauty’s face. Her cold expression was attractive in its own ways. She stared at Fei and sighed unwillingly, “You win, you are the winner today. I would never have thought that the death match between Tanasha and I would end like this; we have each put so much effort into this. I still can’t believe you are the final winner….. However, I’m sure that you understand the current situation. Except for the two four-star warriors and myself, there is also another five-star warrior. Even if you have a lot of magic traps set up, the most you can get is both sides being severely damaged; you can’t get out of here alive as well!”

Only Paris knew how unwillingly she was when she said that.

There were two assassins who used yellow blades; they were both four-star warriors. The assassin who used the sword was a five-star warrior. Paris herself was also a four-star warrior…… From her perspective, they still stood a chance even if they had to fight with Fei head on; the worst that would happen would be losing more than half of her people.

But she also knew that the situation had gone out of her control. The situation was weird from the start. This little king had shocked her numerous times in the last hour. What worried her most was that the eldest princess had not shown her trump card yet. Therefore, Paris decided to compromise; the arrogant king was slowly pulling out his trump cards, but she had no more cards to pull out.

However –

“Haha, granny, you are finally giving up?” Fei smiled at this beauty in front of him. He thought seriously for a moment and answered as he rubbed the back of his head, “Eh, I have to talk to my wife first!”

Next, he did something that really broke the last string that was holding the people on the Eastern Mountain’s mind together.

Last Chapter



* * *





Chapter 126




Chapter 126: Witnessing the miracle



“Biu……”

Fei placed his fingers around his mouth and whistled loudly. The whistle travelled with the morning wind.

Then –

Woof! Woof! Woof! Woof!

In response to this whistle, a series of crisp barking noises sounded under the peak. It was strange, yet familiar.

While the crowd was confused, the black dog that was so big that its mother probably couldn’t even recognize him appeared on the peak of Eastern mountain. Of course, the appearance of this dog itself wasn’t surprising, but a flower-like girl was riding on the back of this dog and smiling at Fei.

It was…… the little king’s fiancée Angela.

Everyone on the peak of Eastern mountain was shocked and couldn’t move their eyes off the beautiful girl who was smiling at Fei like an angel. Fei on the other hand was laughing crazily like a retard. The golden sun lit up Angela’s body, and the crowd felt like their IQs were lower than ever, as if they were tricked by a kindergartener.

They could no longer view everything from a normal perspective.

“What is going on?”

“How is this possible?”

Although it was chaotic during the fight that broke loose earlier, most of the people saw this valiant girl commit suicide when she was controlled by Paris just to let her lover make the right decision. A lot of people were moved by that scene; even the cold-blooded Paris was touched, and she gracefully returned Angela’s “corpse” back to the little king. Yhe little king was enraged and even killed off a lot of star warriors on Paris’ side in revenge……

But how could they explain the current situation?

What was going on?

Why was this girl who should have been dead now healthy and alive and riding this dog?

Paris was the person who was the most shocked to see this. She thought that she had seen a lot of conspiracies and traps and tricks after working for Dominguez for many years, She felt that she would no longer be surprised by any tricks, but as soon as Angela appeared alive and healthy, there was an undisguised shock on her face. “How could this be?” she thought. She clearly remembered that she had felt the girl’s heart stop beating; this kind of biological sign of death couldn’t be forged or faked…… But why did the girl reappear in front of her alive and well?

Under the dull stares from the crowd, the big black dog acted “coquettishly”. The dog put on a catwalk and walked around in a strange pattern before it arrived in front of Fei. Then, it put on a “personable” smile as it bent its knees and kneeled down in front of Fei.

Angela grabbed two large water bags and jumped off the black dog right away.

“Alexander, here is the stuff you wanted…… How are Emma and Uncle Lampard?” Angela wasn’t used to this scene at all: blood flowing everywhere, limbs and internal organs laid around, and on top of that, the stares from men who were wounded and almost naked. She was disgusted; after handing over the two water bags to Fei, she hid behind him.

However, this pure and pretty girl immediately remember something. She carefully took out a sky-blue suit and handled it to Fei with a blush on her face. “Alexander……Eh, I found some clothes for you when I was in the kingdom with Blacky……. Your clothes are ragged……

“Ah, Angela, you are so thoughtful……” Fei wanted to make some people nauseous, so he intentionally held onto Angela’s white smooth hands and lightly rubbed them as he glanced at Paris provokingly.

WTF?

The crowd on the peak of Eastern mountain felt like they were going to pass out. “Watch the time! WTF? In this serious situation, how could these two find the leisure to cuddle and talk about their romance…… Be more serious! We are talking about killing people here!” almost everyone thought in unison.

Fei’s original blue suit had already turned into a “beggar style” wear during the battle; it hung loose on his body strip by strip, hanging by the threads. His nipples and body were completely exposed. Without giving it too much thought, Fei ripped the clothes off his body, and his hard muscles were completely exposed.

The lean, strong muscle and his tall figure were dyed in a golden color by the sun. His perfectly proportioned body, the blood on his face and his hair, the blood dripping sword…… At this moment, Fei looked magnificent! He looked like an invincible God of War; the people who were looking down at Fei felt inferior at this moment.

Both the eldest princess and Paris squinted their eyes; no one knew what they were thinking about at this moment. As for Angela who had fallen for Fei, she didn’t hide the love in her eyes in the slightest. In this river of love, she had already sunk to the rock bottom.

Fei handed over the old suit to Angela and said, “Kept it for me. I will wear it later……” As he said that, he patted the black dog whose tail was wiggling like a windmill. This beast was so smart that it immediately understood Fei. It jumped up and started its catwalk in a strange pattern; it was obvious that it was dodging the invisible magic traps on the ground. Soon, it had brought back Lampard’s, Drogba’s, and Emma’s corpse in front of Fei.

The crowd was perplexed. They didn’t know what trick this little king was trying to pull off.

Perhaps some people had already guessed it, but they couldn’t believe it.

Only Paris and the eldest princess stared at the black dog carefully. They memorized every step it took and the safe path around the peak.

During the whole process, the people from both sides remained quiet.

People minimized the noise they made and stared at the king carefully. They knew that whatever action the king took would affect their chances of survival….. At this point, even the dumbest person knew that the control of the situation had shifted from Paris and the eldest princess to this little king who was ignored by most at the beginning of the day.

“You shall witness a miracle…… Hahaha!”

Fei laughed as his pearl white teeth were visible to everyone. He couldn’t keep a straight face on…… There was no way that he would stay low-key anymore. He was the deciding factor in this fight, and everything was under his control; why would he remain low-key?

The king looked at the crowd in a provoking manner, especially towards Paris. After that, he opened the water bags and poured the water over the corpses’ face.

People who guessed what was about to happened already screamed in surprise.

Paris frowned very hard; she felt powerless, a weird kind of powerlessness. She didn’t know whether she should laugh or cry.

Of course –

“Cough! Cough! Cough!”

Lampard, who was covered in blood, coughed and got up as he wiped the water off of his face. His reaction didn’t feel like he had been revived from death; there was no hesitation or confusion. He drew out his long black sword, used his energy to dry up his clothes, and stood behind Fei as he glanced around the peak of Eastern mountain.

Lampard’s chilling reaction proved the guesses in everyone’s minds.

Everything was planned!

Splash! Splash!

The water continued to pour.

However, the crisp water sound gave people on the peak a chill.

This was because a moment later, all the “corpses” had opened their eyes. Among them, a black-haired man rubbed his butt and said, “Ah, damn! These rocks are hard. My bones are about to break! It is so tiring just lying on this ground……”

Seeing the guards of the little king wiping the blood off their faces and their bodies and showing off their unharmed faces and armour, the crowd was silent. These guys weren’t dead! These honourless guys didn’t even get injured. All the terrifying wounds and blood were painted onto their armour and face using blood from the real corpses……

Someone behind Paris finally couldn’t take the reality. After seeing this, he went crazy. His eyes lost focus as he drooled. He only said one word, “Impossible……Impossible!

……Impossible!”

The eldest princess sighed and lowered her head.

Arshavin, [Zenit’s God of War] and the purple-dressed girl who were meditating to speed up their recovery were deeply shocked as well. Their energy that surrounded them fluctuated vigorously and they almost lost control of it; if they did lose control, their energy could have exploded and killed them……

Paris’ eyes were almost glued onto Fei’s face, and her flirtatious eyes opened to their max. She looked like she was staring at her lover who she hadn’t met in years. The unimaginable expression on her face was so hot that it could melt through iron.

Even the assassin who used the sword was silent the whole time while gripping onto the handle of the sword tightly; his fingers turned white.

This had to be one of the most ironic scenes they had experienced in their lifetime.

Last Chapter

Remember to check out some of the offerings (ads) on our website! It will help us buy more instant noodles and university textbooks so we can stay alive to pump more chaps out

We are going to try out this new donation system that can allow you to contribute to next bonus chapter without actually donating, and also give earlier access to supporters. You can check out the details here.



* * *





Chapter 127




Chapter 127

Chapter 127: Give you a chance (2)

He switched to [Assassin Mode] .

He started walking as his fingers shook in a pattern .

When he was about 20 yards away from Paris, he switched back to [Barbarian Mode] and released all of his power . His physical power started to rise and didn’t stop . The devastating power was like a tsunami, and everyone around him felt it .

His eyes glanced through Paris’ beautiful face, but it didn’t stop there . His eyes landed on the assassin who used the sword . Fei laughed, “You are a sword master . I’m willing to give you a fair chance . There are no magic traps in this 20-yard radius . If you can defeat me in a battle, I will let you go!”

At that moment, everyone felt the thirst for battle from Fei .

The assassin gripped his sword tightly as he turned around and looked at Paris .

“Alexander, are you really going to ignore all of your people and let them suffer? If you still don’t cooperate and waste time, your palace will be ruined, and your people will turn into piles of bones…… You need my command for those bandits to stop,” Paris’s expression changed a little as she threatened him .

Fei giggled, “Some people will be turned into bones, but it’s not going to be my people . ”

“What do you mean?” Paris had a bad feeling .

“It means that His Majesty had already predicted this……”

A crisp female voice sounded on the peak . Soon, another beauty appeared in front of the crowd . She was in a set of red hot magic armor, and she was holding a golden long bow . The magic armour shined under the sun and it made her look like a valkyrie who was stepping on clouds .

Every man there felt like something in their minds was collapsing . For the women, they subconsciously scanned her body and made comparisons to their own; even Paris and Tanasha who were really intelligent were no exception .

It was a great scene .

Of course, the scene would have been even be more beautiful if she was holding a bloody head .

Bam!

The head travelled a perfect trajectory and landed beside Paris’ feet .

“This bastard had done some horrible things at Viscount Louise’s mansion, so I beheaded him . The other people have also been killed!”

Fei wanted to hug her and give her a big kiss on the cheek . The way the hot mercenary Elena said that was so powerful and cool that even Fei himself couldn’t have said it better .

Paris’ heart sunk to her stomach after she saw the head .

This man was the commander that she left in charge of the bandit groups . He was a 4-star warrior already . When all the powerful star warriors were centralized on the peak of Eastern mountain, no one should have been able to threaten his life . Paris never expected her henchman to be beheaded by someone and have his head thrown at her . Everything was crystal clear; since the commander had already died, the bandit groups wouldn’t be better off .

This assumption almost made her lose the ability to think .

Tragic! This was the first time Paris felt this way . Her situation was even worse than tragic; it was more like desperate . Every time she pulled a card out and gained confidence in her ability to win, reality turned brutal and made her confidence look like a joke . The little king in front of her was like a limitless god . He was able to destroy all of Paris’ preparations and turn one of the scariest women from St . Petersburg into a clown .

Paris had fallen into a moment of unprecedented depression .

She even felt powerless .

During this terrible silence, the big black dog [Black Tornado] started its catwalk again .

It brought Elena, Bast, Brook and the other leaders in Chambord through the magic traps and they all stood beside Fei .

All of the leaders had appeared at the peak of Eastern mountain .

This was a force that no one was could ignore, because a godly king was standing amongst them .

After seeing this, everyone knew that Paris’ last trick had failed . The princes and emissaries who were laughing and making fun of Fei were so scared that they almost shit their pants . Their faces turned pale as they all regretted what they did; they wanted to slap themselves, and they didn’t know why they talked……

If people doubted the fake death strategy and thought that it only succeeded because of luck, no one could doubt that Fei had become the sole winner due to luck now . After thinking about the whole thing, the people realized that no matter how the situation changed, Fei was able to maintain his advantage the whole time . From the assassination and betrayal of the former head minister to pulling off the fake death strategy when the fight between Paris and Tanasha reached the climax, to using strength and intelligence to kill several high star warriors, to reviving all the corpse, and to somehow dealing with the bandit groups that should have been unstoppable…… Fei faced these series of tricky situations calmly . He was already better than most of the kings in Zenit Empire, and he was not inferior when compared to Paris or Tanasha who were known to be powerful and smart .

Powerful individual strength, unpredictable intelligence and strategies, tough and valiant personality……

“Is this the little king’s real side?”

While most people were only shocked by Fei’s individual strength and performance, Paris and Tanasha had sensed something . They were shocked by the overall strength of Chambord as a whole . This kingdom’s true strength was more than what they could see . Quietly eliminating a dozen bandit groups in which three-star, four-star, even five-star warriors and mages were involved…… it was really scary . How could a level six affiliated kingdom possess such strength? Chambord was far stronger than level 2, or even level 1 affiliated kingdoms .

“What happened in this kingdom?”

Paris fixed her hair that was messed up by a breeze as she smiled .

In such a desperate situation, this cold-blooded beauty smiled again . However, this smile wasn’t as flirtatious as her smiles from before; it was more natural and real, as if all the breeze took the mask off of her face . Like a girl who was rejected by her lover, Paris sighed and waved her soft hand .

Then, the assassin behind her took a step forward and stood between her and Fei .

Buzz!

The assassin took off the mask that was on his face, and a handsome face appeared . The sharp sword in his hand started to shake violently and buzz; it was the sign that this swordsman was about to attack without holding anything back .

“Ah! He is one of the [Two Hidden], [Hidden at Snowpeak] Swordsman Dani . He is the eldest prince of Nadeko kingdom, a level 1 affiliated kingdom . He usually trains on a snow peak on a mountain in Nadeko’s territory . I can’t believe he was willing to become an assassin for Paris!” Someone recognized the swordsman .

Fei was surprised as well .

After [One sword] showed off his unstoppable strength and left quietly after shocking everyone, he didn’t expect that he would see the person who was ranked second among all the young warriors and mages in Zenit .

“I’m willing to fight you fairly . If I lose, I will die; but if I win, please let Paris go . ” This was the first time that [Hidden at Snowpeak] spoke . His voice was deep and was very majestic . Fei had to admit that this prince named Dani was a very nice man . The only thing was that he had a worried expression on his face, as if something was bothering him .

Fei didn’t expect him to beg for mercy for Paris by putting his own life on the line .

“We will talk after we fight . ”

Fei suddenly stretched out his arms as he roared .

The next second, numerous bright flames appeared on his body . These flames were of various colors . As the flames burned, his chest armour, gauntlets, belt, leggings, and boots all began to emit a powerful sensation that covered Fei’s strong body . He was entirely wrapped in this mysterious set of armour .

This was a set of armour that was different from common armour on Azeroth Continent .

Every piece of the armour shined in a strange light and was engraved with magic arrays and patterns . People could tell that it was powerful by just looking at it . Although it wasn’t like a heavy knight armour, where all parts of the body were cover, every vital spot on Fei’s body was protected . Even all ten of his fingers were protected by the gauntlets . These gauntlets were stronger and more versatile than the metal claw that one of the assassins used . It covered his hands tightly . However, it didn’t affect the movement and the sensation Fei would get from touching stuff using his own fingers; the gauntlets were like a pair of iron hands that were born onto Fei .

Fei reached out .

A pair of green and purple dual swords appeared in his hands . These two swords were strangely shaped, but they were sharp and thin .

This was the first time that Fei summoned his barbarian set right in front of people .

After the most powerful set of items that Fei possessed was equipped on himself, Fei’s strength skyrocketed at a scary speed as the crowd watched in shock .

Four-star early-tier……Four-star mid-tier……four star-top-tier……

“She can only decide her fate by herself . Likewise, only you have the ability to save yourself!” When his strength peaked, Fei shook his head and said, “I will only strike once; if you are able to survive after this strike, you can leave here alive . ”

or the second half of first chapter:

Thank Christian W . Zeked, and Aaron Johnson for this bonus chapter .

This long chapter counted as one regular for this week and one bonus because of the word count (over 4000) . Even the author said it’s a two in one!

We have emailed the 3 gdn raw chapters and 1 LOONNNNNNG htk raw to the nice sugardaddies of Patreon . If you didn’t get it, Cucumber strips is an Alexander dumass, and please send us another email address for us to try . ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) We will start emailing our sugar daddies for One day early access for any bonus chapters starting from next week( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)



* * *





Chapter 128




Chapter 128

Chapter 128: Blood and Sword

Hearing Fei immediately refuse his request, [Hidden at Snowpeak] slightly frowned and no longer spoke. He was someone with few words; these types of people were usually persistent and tough, and the things they decided would not be changed even if nine giant dragons tried to pull the words back.

However, silence didn’t mean surrendering.

While channeling a crazy amount of energy, [Hidden at Snowpeak] Dani’s swords began ringing as it turned longer and clearer; it was breathtaking. Lower star level soldiers became dizzy and started vomiting, while other people couldn’t help but cover their ears tightly. The blade was buzzing at an indescribably terrifying frequency, almost turning into a ball of dazzling silver light under the golden sun.

[Hidden at Snowpeak], White Robe Long Sword.

Among the young generation royal family elites in the 250 subsidiary countries in Zenit Empire, Dani was definitely a first-class figure with his five-star strength. Even though Fei displayed a whole set of barbarian equipment and his power began skyrocketing again, he still didn’t dare to let his guard down.

Fei adjusted his breath and tightly held the purple and green twin swords.

The atmosphere was oppressing, and there was a brief moment of silence before the storm.

At this time, the most powerful elites on the peak of Eastern Mountain that had the most complete reservation of strength, now began a life and death duel.

Suddenly!

Whew!

The sword is out!

No trembling cry, no energy rushing around like crazy, no earth-shuttering, and not even the dust on the ground flew. The two shadows’ speed already exceeded the perceptual limit of the human retina, and the people suddenly noticed Fei and [Hidden at Snowpeak]’s locations had already quietly switched.

Then, a burst of crisp clashes of metal blade and sword exchanging blows finally passed into everyone’s ears.

A whirlwind brought up the dust on the ground, drowning the crowd’s attention.

Dust fell.

Then, blood spewed out from Fei’s shoulder, turning the mysterious armor on his body red.

Those people on Paris’s side began cheering at the same time on the Eastern Mountain, but very soon, [Hidden at Snowpeak] Dani’s clothes began turning red in areas as well, and his figure began crumbling, unable to stand firmly.

Struggling to turn around, [Hidden at Snowpeak] looked at the countless small wounds that suddenly appeared on his body, and a desolate bitter smile appeared on his pale face, “You win, but, Your Majesty Alexander, I beg to you to let Ms. Paris go!”

With the sword supporting his body, blood began crazily surging out from the countless small wounds and very quickly moistened the stones and soil nearby. The crowd audiences finally saw very clear. It turned out that just at that instant both sides’ figure clashed, Fei’s purple and green duo swords already left countless small wounds on the [Hidden at Snowpeak]’s front chest, arms, legs, abdomen.

Everyone was in dismay. Holy shit, in that instant that couldn’t even be captured by the naked eye, just how many strikes did this little King deliver, in order to cause such surprising injuries on a master like [Hidden at Snowpeak]?

Just at that moment, some people have begun to sympathize with this Tier 1 Nadeko Kingdom’s prince. The rumor says that he chose to give up his place because he fell yin love with Paris, and he had been in seclusion on a snow mountain peak for training. Presumably, this time it is also because of Paris that he decided to become an assassin. Unfortunately, this might be the end of this hero’s path, not only couldn’t he save the life of his love, he might not even be able to survive.

Her

oes treasure heroes, maybe this little king should grant [Hidden at Snowpeak]’s last wish, right?

But—

“I’ve told you before. Your sword can only save yourself. Her life will be decided by herself.” Fei shook his head, then brutally refused, “You survived one round, I allow you to leave alive!”

[Hidden at Snowpeak] slightly hesitated.

He laughed once bitterly, left a trail of blood-dripping footprints, slowly walked past Fei, and returned back to behind the cold-blood demon girl Paris. Then, he never talked again, just tightly holding onto the long sword covered in blood.

During this process, Paris didn’t have any reaction.

Her eyes were fixed on the rolling sea of clouds in the distance, not even looking at [Hidden at Snowpeak] once, as if this man in front of her eyes is now completely unrelated to him.

“My turn now?” Paris looked back at Fei calmly, “How many strikes do you want me to take?”

Fei shook his head, with a quite strange smile he said, “You are not my match, so you don’t have to fight me. Although some people want to kill you to eliminate future troubles, but I just need you to do one thing for me, and I can immediately let you leave the Eastern Mountain unharmed.”

“Oh, what can I do for you?”

Fei turned around, walked towards the king altar ruins, Paris and others looked over with puzzled eyes, and they just saw Fei slashed a few giant rocks with his sword, and retrieved something from below. Light and delicate design, full of stained blood, yet still exuding golden glory under the sun, flowing a different kind of noble and gorgeous scent.

That’s the crown of the king.

This crown which should be placed on Fei’s head by the Elder Princess who represents the Zenit Empire, and the crown represents honor and power, symbolizing the identity of aristocracy and recognition of all gods. However, the series of events that took place interrupted Fei’s coronation ceremony, the guard that was holding the crown was also killed in the battle, the King’s Crown was also stained with blood and buried under the gravel

Fei gently waved off the dust on the King’s Crown, then returned to Angela’s side. He put on the brand new set of sky blue King’s robe Angela prepared for him. One hand holding the duo swords, one hand holding the crown, Han looked at Paris and said, “You crown for me, and I will let you leave the Eastern Mountain.”

After those words came out, all the people’s face suddenly changed color.

“Crazy? Alexander are you crazy?” The female swordsman Susan snapped, “You actually let a conspirator that attempted to assassinate Elder Princess and Prince, a shameless woman without the slightest sense of nobility honor to perform the ceremony for you, do you know what you are doing?”

“You are mad, you shouldn’t do this!” The princes and emissaries on the Elder Princess’s side also started talking.

“Alexander, I think you know very well, what kind of meaning this action entails.”[Zenit Empire God of War] Arshavin’s eyes slightly narrowed, the thin body revealed the murderous scent of iron-blood battlefield.

“Of course I know what I’m doing.” Fei didn’t care about the threat inside Arshavin’s tone at all and sneered, “I just want the enemies to bow, to willingly put on the crown for me!”

Letting the enemy put on the King’s Crown for him?

The Eastern Mountain top suddenly quieted down.

These seemingly plain words, actually leaked out a domineering breath. Through the ages, in the continent of Azeroth, there hasn’t been a king that was crowned by the hands of an enemy, nor was there any king that can do it!

The Elder Princess’s sky blue pupils slightly lit up, but, there wasn’t the slightest resentment.

Fei walked to Paris’s side step after step, handed over the golden crown that’s still stained with blood, “Surrender to me, place the King’s Crown for me, then I will leave you a life and let you leave.”

“What if I refuse?” Paris suddenly started laughing, reaching out her hand to gently brush her hair that was made a little messy by the wind.

“If you refuse, I’m afraid that there will be one more female ghost on the Eastern Mountain of Chambord City!” Fei’s smile looks extra bright under the golden morning sunlight, but the murderous scent inside the words also made Paris’s heart shake.

A breath of wind blew past.

The cold-blooded demonic woman Paris finally reached out with her slim hands, and under the gaze of everyone’s eyes, she gently took over the golden King’s Crown. Peerless beauty, shining crown, blood stain, morning bright sun, chilly wind, this is a scene that will eternally be carved onto the souls of everyone on the Eastern Mountain. Paris lowered his arrogant and stubborn head, highly held up the bright King’s Crown, and placed it solemnly on the winner’s head.

No flowers nor fireworks, no cheers and screams.

What’s here was the Altar ruins, dust in the wind, broken limbs all over the ground, bloody soil and black birds that were flying in the sky that symbolized evil.

This was an unprecedented crowning ceremony.

Looking at this scene, all the survivors of the Zenit Royal Emissary group lost all color on their faces, angry but helpless. Without question, this Chambord city’s little king was already dissatisfied with the Emissary Group, so he used this way to not only cast the unique glory on himself, but also give a big slap to the face of Zenit Empire.

“God bless the king!”

Chambord City’s people all kneeled on the ground, witnessing the birth of another King of Chambord City.

There was no scepter in Fei’s hand. Wearing a blood-stained golden crown on his head, stepping on the broken ruins, carrying two swords that dripped with blood.

Blood and swords!

This was the main theme of this new generation’s King of Chambord City.

Paris stood with complicated expression in front of Fei. She looked blankly for a bit, then carried the [Hidden at Snowpeak] who’s covered in blood, and flashed in a very strange path, and disappeared from the Eastern Mountain. Fei didn’t chase, he knew that this woman observed the path that the big black dog took earlier and remembered the places without magic trap, and that’s how she could leave this easily.

But what Paris didn’t know is, Fei could have easily changed the location of these magic traps under [Assassin] mode. But he didn’t do it.

Seeing Paris and [Hidden at Snowpeak] abandoned them and left by themselves, the emissaries and princes of Shanui Kingdom, Chata Kingdom and such all suddenly became speechless due to fear. The two assassins with yellow curved blades also wanted to follow the escape path taken by Paris, but were stopped at their original place when Fei’s two swords startled.

“Did the king, I, allow you guys to leave?”



* * *





Chapter 129




Cuz we release so fcking slowly~ But please trust us, we are trying our kanye best already~

HTK Chapter 129.1

HTK chapter 129.2

Here are the regulars for this week, this chap is split into two because the author said it in the raw chapter that it counts as two

Donors and patrons, please check your email or the patron page for the 2 bonus chapters. All donors in queue will receive early access, so it’s kinda like our way of apologizing for the chapters taking so long… The two chaps will be released after some final editing



* * *





Chapter 130




Chapter 130: Greedy, Rogue-like Old Bastard

Intelligent people like the eldest princess and Arshavin understood where this little king’s anger came from.

There were the ruins on the peak of Eastern mountain, the smoke and the fire in Chambord Kingdom. Except for Paris who was the main cause, people like the eldest princess and Arshavin were to blame as well. If the eldest princess didn’t choose Chambord as the location of the death match, Chambord wouldn’t have had to experience all of this.

Arshavin didn’t say anything. He looked serious as he pushed his fire-attributed energy to heal his injuries.

Even Susan, the swordswoman, felt the hostile attitude Fei had towards them. She held onto her weapon tightly and guarded the eldest princess with Knight Captain Romain and the rest of cavaliers who had survived. They were afraid that Fei might lose his mind and attack the eldest princess. The one who had the most indescribable feeling was Knight Captain Romain. He didn’t even consider this young king as an enemy during the conflict in the celebration ceremony more than ten days ago. He didn’t even have the will to fight Fei because Fei was so weak. But now, when Fei stood in front of him again, he suddenly realized that he was no longer a match to Fei.

In terms of individual strength, Romain couldn’t win against Fei even if he gave his best.

However, as a knight captain, Romain’s biggest strength wasn’t individual strength, but rather commanding troops and military strategy. If he had a full team of two hundred cavaliers, he was confident that he could defeat Fei directly with one charge. But now, it was wise to admit defeat.

The atmosphere suddenly became more intense compared to the initial bloody fight.

“Wah-wah-wah-wah-!”

Hundreds of blackbirds that survived on rotten meat were attracted to the corpses and blood on the peak of Eastern mountain and weren’t going away. They cried and screamed, and made the people on the peak of Eastern mountain more anxious and annoyed.

Boom!

Fei suddenly punched up at the sky.

The air exploded as the force was sent up to the sky. In the loud explosion, visible air waves rose to the sky, and the crowd of birds couldn’t fly away fast enough. Forty to fifty birds exploded into blood mist as they sensed the danger and screamed. The real danger made the huge carnivorous birds realized their situation, and they quickly fled away.

Tink! Tink! Tink! Tink!

The cavaliers and the female swordswoman all drew out their weapons from their waist as they were scared; they were planning for the worst.

“Ok, this is better… Eldest princess, I didn’t mean to scare you!”

What Fei just said relieved the cavaliers and Susan. It looked like this man had thought everything through. However, the eldest princess was the only one who wasn’t concerned at all from start to finish, as if she already knew that Fei would make this decision. Her blue, ocean-like eyes reflected the sunlight, and a rare smile appeared on her face. She lightly nodded, “King Alexander, thank you for everything today!”

Fei smiled back and didn’t say anything more.

To be honest, Fei didn’t underestimate this woman since the beginning.

Although everything seemed like it was he who was the hero and saved the eldest princess from danger, Fei had a strange feeling. Even if he didn’t come out and defeat everyone, this eldest princess probably still had cards that she didn’t pull out. If she pulled them out, all the danger would be resolved. However, there was no way for Fei to know what kind of cards she had. What he knew was that this thin woman who looked sick was too calm from the start, as if she was only a bystander.

Fei switched to [Assassin Mode] and quickly swept out the invisible magic traps.

The peak of Eastern mountain was severely damaged. The main structure, the King’s Altar, had officially became a ruin. More than half of the huge statues that represented all the historical kings’ and heroes’ glory were also destroyed. There was a mess everywhere. Quickly, more than a hundred [Iron Troops] of Chambord received the signal, and they arrived at the peak of King’s mountain under the lead of Fernando-Torres and Peter-Cech. These soldiers were carefully picked out by Brook and Cech for Fei. They drank the diluted [Hulk Potion], and their bodies were restructured. They were all strong; they could easily lift stones that weighed a thousand pounds. The process of cleaning up the mess was fast, and that gave the influential people from Zenit Empire a good impression. The twenty or so cavaliers that survived the entire event were shocked yet again. They now understood that the King of Chambord was a monster, and the soldiers of Chambord were monsters, too! They couldn’t even take on one soldier with all of their strengths combined.

The old handsome Bast smiled as he appeared in front of the eldest princess with a book in his hand.

“Your Highness, we are very sorry to disturb you during this ceremony. However, Chambord had suffered huge losses this time… Also… Eh, a portion of the damages were caused by the Royal Coronation Legion. We, hehe, could you help Chambord out by applying for some grants from the Finance Minister of Zenit for us?… After all, Chambord, along with our king, has paid a high price to protect Your Highness…”

Susan and the cavaliers also bit their tongues. “This gay-ass guy dares to ask for compensation from the eldest princess?” they thought to themselves.

However, even the eldest princess, the [Goddess of Intelligence] couldn’t come up with anything in a moment to counter this old handsome man who was graceful and polite like a noble, but also greedy and picky like a merchant. She couldn’t yell at him, nor could she ask the cavaliers to shoo him away. Finally, she couldn’t escape her fate, like the prince from Shanui Kingdom, and signed a contract and proposal for financial support from Zenit Empire after being softly forced into it by Bast.

His father-in-law had accomplished his task, yet Fei was standing in front of Andrew-Arshavin, [Zenit’s God of War]. This famous military commander probably didn’t check his daily horoscope before leaving the house. The carefully prepared exit strategy didn’t work, and he was sneak attacked and nearly died in this remote kingdom. His reputation would definitely suffer a hit after this event.

In fact, losing some reputation would not be the most significant incident.

His severe injury would be a lethal blow. Currently, the capital of Zenit was in a chaos. Emperor Yassin, who had the control of the empire for 60 years, was getting weaker every day, and he and second prince Dominguez were the two candidates who people thought were most likely to inherit the throne. The fight between them was entering the climax. Second Prince Dominguez was a very smart and courageous opponent, and he had support from a lot of ministers and nobles. Arshavin knew that his injury would bring him and his supporters a disadvantage against Dominguez. If he couldn’t heal in time, he might lose this fight for the throne.

However, his injuries wouldn’t recover in half a year.

[Butcher] Sandro’s energy that entered his body was refined and empowered by the two mysterious rings that Sandro was wearing. The energy was very explosive and direct. Arshavin still couldn’t oppress it after he withdrew all of his six-star warrior energy back into his body. He was only able to calm that stream of energy down and prevent it from damaging his body. After he got injured up until now, the healing that was done was minimal. He couldn’t find a way to get rid of that explosive energy in his body.

The purple dressed girl who was in her own purple energy flame was in a similar condition to Arshavin. A thin layer of sweat had appeared on her pretty face. She was frowning as the healing wasn’t as effective as she hoped.

“Hey, girl. Thanks for notifying me beforehand!” Fei walked to the purple dressed girl and handed her a small bottle of 【Rejuvenation Potion】 as he smiled and said, “This might help you.”

The girl looked at Fei with a confused expression.

She saw Fei’s smile that was brighter than the sun and hesitated a little. But after she thought about the moment when she notified Fei about an assassin sneaking up on him and the huge wound on Fei’s body healing up after Fei drank a potion, she decided to take the potion and chugged down the slightly warm liquid.

An indescribable sensation immediately rose in her body. The explosive energy was instantly suppressed by the effect of the potion. As if snow met hot water, the energy disappeared in a few seconds.

The purple energy flame also flashed and returned to her body. After she checked her condition, she found out in surprise that most of the injuries she suffered had healed. She could probably return to her peak condition after a month of resting.

“Thank you, King Alexander!”

The girl bowed. Maybe she didn’t notice, but her attitude toward Fei had turned from disdain to curiosity and friendliness. even the way she addressed him had turned from “savage” to “King Alexander”.

Fei just smiled.

He turned around and walked to Arshavin. After dropping off another half bottle of 【Rejuvenation Potion】, he jumped on the big black dog with his fiancée Angela and left the peak of Eastern mountain without saying a word.

If Arshavin was smart, he wouldn’t hold a grudge against Fei and would try to win Fei over to his side. Even the cold-blooded woman Paris and the second prince Dominguez who was behind her would probably try to win him over as well.

Actually, letting that woman go wasn’t because he was touched by her beauty, nor was it because he was touched by swordsman [Hidden at Snowpeak] Donny’s firm love. He did so because he was considering Chambord’s future.



Last Chapter

Mysterious Bonus chap progress: 328/2000, show more love to our ad sugar daddies~

And thank Noah N and Robbie G for this bonus chap~



* * *





Chapter 131




Chapter 131: The Heartwarming Times

It was the best for survival if they were stuck in a slit between two superpowers.

If Arshavin and Dominguez were two tigers, then Fei would be a baby wolf that still needed to drink its mother’s milk. Before the two tigers had determined a winner amongst themselves, they wouldn’t have to energy to deal with Fei even if they were very unsatisfied with him, just in case they pushed Chambord and Fei, who had huge potentials, towards their competitor and gave them a growing help and advantage. This wasn’t a hypothetical situation; the strength that Chambord and Fei had demonstrated in this fight had put themselves in the eyes of the superpowers.

Fei was thinking from this perspective, and that was why he let Paris leave.

Fei could only get time and opportunities if the pot of water was muddy and unclear. If he helped Arshavin and the eldest princess defeat Dominguez’s core strength, the pot of water would become clear and he wouldn’t get the time and opportunities that he needed.

The road down the mountain was bumpy, and the long stone stairs were like a magnificent white road to heaven.

The autumn wind blew; it was warm, but not hot. Fei played with the black hair of the beauty in his arms; it was the first time that they were so intimate together. [Black Tornado] leaped down the stairs, but its back was very stable. One of Fei’s hand was on his fiancée’s slender waist, and the warm, smooth, ecstatic feel of her skin and dress was relayed from his hand to his brain. The light fragrance also filled the air around him, so every breath he took was very enjoyable. Fei didn’t suppress his desires, but his mind was very calm; it was a very peaceful and warm feeling.

“Angela, your performance today was great. I was also fooled by you…” Fei got close to the girl’s ear and whispered, “You did bite your tongue, didn’t you?”

The girl was definitely not used to this intimate treatment. Fei felt her body slightly shivering, and her white face and neck blushed. However, the girl nodded in response to Fei.

“Does it still hurt?” After Fei said that, he couldn’t believe that something so dumb and novice came out of his mouth; he thought that he was a love expert when he was on still on Earth.

However, Angela felt her lover’s care. She slightly shook her head and said, “It doesn’t hurt anymore… It was all healed by the potion that you gave me…” The scenery in the mountains was very pretty and relaxing. Angela was slowly getting used to this close contact. She leaned comfortably in Fei’s arms. “Alexander, am I very useless? I was caught by that girl, and also ruined your plans…”

“There’s no such thing! Didn’t you fool that aunty?”

“Hah… She is not an aunty; that girl is very young and pretty!”

“She is nothing compared to my Angela.” Fei felt that he was slowly recovering his love expert knowledge. He could say something sensual without blushing.

“But I feel like I’m very useless… If I could be like that girl who was an archer, then I could help you much more. That would be great if it came true!” A woman’s intuition was sometimes scarier than the terrifying magic in this world. Angela laid calmly in Fei’s arms and murmured as the wind fluttered her silky black hair. “Alexander, you know that girl, right? Can you tell me more about her?”

Fei realized that he couldn’t overlook a woman’s thoughts.

“She is from a world far away. She is a valiant and brave warrior…” Fei didn’t try to hide anything. He started to tell Angela about Elena’s story, but he changed the concept of the Diablo World. “Her homeland was under attack by demons and monsters. In order to protect her home, friends and families, she had to step on the edge of life and death every day, and she saw numerous of her sisters and family members die under the claws of demons and monster. It was a dark time…”

Most women were emotional creatures, especially crystal pure and innocent girls like Angela. They became passionate and empathetic very easily. Near the end of the story, Angela’s eyes were red as she was about to tear up, “Elena is so great…”

People could never get enough of warm and peaceful time like this; Fei was no exception.

Under Fei’s quiet command, the big black dog didn’t hurry and return to Chambord Castle. Instead, it wandered around in the Eastern mountain.

Although Chambord was at the edge of Zenit Empire and was remote, the scenery and terrain were very picturesque. The yellow falling leaves flew around the mountain like butterflies. [Black Tornado] could easily jump to places that ordinary people couldn’t get to. Angela quickly got out of her negative mood and started to enjoy the beautiful view she was seeing.

If the big black dog, the smart third wheel, wasn’t here, this would be the first time that Fei could actually spend some quality alone time with Angela since he first arrived on Azeroth Continent. This heartwarming sensation made Fei feel like he was with his first love on Earth. Although the girl in his arms wasn’t as intelligent as the eldest princess, nor as sexy as Paris, nor as valiant as Elena, nor as stylish as the purple dressed girl, her kindness, gentleness and innocence made Fei feel like he had a harbor in this cruel and unfamiliar world. With Angela in his arms, he felt like he owned everything he wanted in this whole world.

Fei loved this feeling, and he treasured it in his heart.

…

It was already passed noon when both of them returned to Chambord Castle on the big black dog.

The citizens who were withdrew from the castle were slowly, yet continuously returning to their homes. Fei saw fifty to sixty soldier-like foreigners tightened on a long chain, locked in front of the number one noble family’s, Viscount Lousie’s, mansion. These guys were down and dispirited; they were guarded by more than twenty Chambord soldiers. Fei’s father-in-law who had just earned Chambord a fortune, and military leader Brook came out of the mansion as Fei passed by.

“King Alexander!”

The soldiers saluted to Fei as they saw him coming. They didn’t hide their respect and admiration that they had towards him.

Fei waved as he responded to their salute.

“Your Majesty. Viscount Louise… His whole family is dead. It’s too cruel. None of their bloodline was kept alive.” Brook pointed at the chained fake nobles and said, “It’s because of these emotionless bastards. Except for Viscount Louise, they also attacked the other few noble families and large merchant families. Most of these families were massacred. Except for some servants and maids, nothing was left alive. They robbed a large amount of money and valuables and were trying to get treasures out of the castle… But when we came by, they were already captured by someone; they were all knocked out. I just ordered the soldiers to tie up these bastards. I was waiting for Your Majesty to come and make the final decision.”

Last Chapter

Thanks to Ricardo Verweij and Thomas Sharples for this bonus chapter. Did we finally clear it after 73 years? ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)



* * *





Chapter 132




Chapter 132

Chapter 132: Bylaw Enforcement Officer

Fei gently nodded.

He knew, these foreign warriors were the bandits that the cold-blooded, devilish woman Paris was talking about. Originally, in Paris’s plan, Chambord city wouldn’t have the slightest strength to fight back. Waiting after she successfully assassinated the Elder Princess at the Eastern Mountain top, she would kill Fei and the others on that mountain as well, then rob all the wealthy, noble, and royal families in the city, destroy the city, massacre the other citizens, and completely erase Chambord city from the map of Zenit. That way, the shocking assassination of Elder Princess will no longer have any witnesses nor leads for the investigators sent by the Emperor, and the robbed wealth could be used to strength His Highness Dominguez’s army.

Such means was already very familiar to Paris, as if she had done it for many times.

The legend said that on the land of Azeroth, there were kings that would bring his men and pillage because he was too poor, so Fei was not very surprised that Dominguez, as the second prince of the emperor, established a group of robbers to plunder wealth for him. Although real aristocracy did exist, most of them were dicks but also liked to brand themselves.

Fei, for a second, thought about the time he saw fire and smoke rolling into the sky when he was at Eastern Mountain. He still felt a bit uneased and he asked, “Um… Besides Viscount Louis and his big businesses, were there any damage to the rest of the city?”

“The palace was also attacked, but the enemies were fought off. As for other places, there weren’t any attacks…” Brook asked with a little suspicion, “What’s strange is, these guys seem to know exactly how the city’s strength and wealth is allocated, so they didn’t attack the normal citizens’ houses at all!”

Fei laughed out loud, “They are experts in rubbering and murder, it would be strange if they can’t even figure that out… Haha, break the arms and legs of all these people, chain them up and keep them in the [Little Black Room]. If someone comes to redeem them, let each of them go for 100 gold coins. If no one comes to redeem them within a month, throw them all to the lake to feed the fish!”

“Yes Your Majesty!”

Brook was very efficient with taking care of things, and very soon, those 50 to 60 foreign fighters had their arms and legs broken in screams and were taken to the [Little Black Room].

“Your Majesty’s methods, indeed are… clever ah!”

Bast who had been silently looking at the Viscount Louis’s palace, suddenly let out an exclamation, and the way he looked at Fei became unprecedently serious. This old handsome bro who rarely showed emotion besides that time he was bitten by the big black dog, showed a very complicated emotion in his eyes. There was doubt, there was relief, there was surprise, and there was also… a trace of fear.

Fei just slightly smiled, and didn’t say anything else.

He knew what his father-in-law was referring to.

That’s right, the destruction of Viscount Louis and some of the wealthy families, was indeed part of Fei’s plan.

In fact, it was at as early as on the first leadership expansion meeting after defeating the Black Armor army, Fei already clearly knew that the old aristocratic groups with Viscount Louis as the leader will not be used by him. They would have definitely become a cancerous tumor for Chambord City’s future. Fei could not let this kind of thing happen, so from that time, he had already began thinking about how to remove this rotten meat from this “fresh meat” of Chambord City. And then after these people frequently blatantly went against Fei’s

orders in public and committed many acts that damaged the kingdom and the people, Fei finally had the intention to kill these clans to completely wash them away from the Chambord City.

This was the [Cleaning Plan] that Fei had been planning for a long time for.

Fei’s original plan was to let Elena and other female rogues wash away this bad meat, but when the storm was about to arrive, Fei’s prejudgement of the danger quickly told him, there was no need anymore.

This Eastern Mountain Assassination was a very good opportunity.

It was a chance to borrow someone else’s knife to kill.

Although Fei didn’t know in what form the danger will arrive in, it didn’t stop him from making some arrangements in the big picture. Fei told the citizens inside the city to temporarily move to the encampment near the Zuli River, Viscount Louis’s clan and the others didn’t listen, and that played right into Fei’s hands. Fei didn’t force them to retreat at that time, but allowed them to stay. Indeed, things progressed as Fei expected, Chambord City indeed was attacked, and this “borrow someone else’s knife to kill” strategy worked perfectly.

Now, the old aristocratic forces in Chambord city were completely swept clean by Paris’s people.

Then the loot of the robbers on Paris’s side also went into Fei’s hand. At this moment, all the old aristocratic clans and wealthy families didn’t have any heirs left, so according to the empire’s law and Chambord City’s tradition, this wealth was all added to the royal bank, and turned into the royal family’s wealth. To Fei, everything happening at the Eastern Mountain today was just a staggering money-making trip. Wait until the poor princes that joined this assassination plan were redeemed by their fathers, and wait until the promised financial support agreed by the Elder Princess gets implemented, the wealth accumulated at Chambord City will far exceed the total wealth of the past two hundred years.

And more importantly, Fei purified his “revolution army”.

From now on, Chambord city was truly Fei’s kingdom, and there won’t be anyone that dared to openly go against his orders, nor will there be people that secretly carried out sabotage activities in the dark. Fei turned himself into the only voice inside Chambord city, and the following series of development plans can now be implemented with assurance.

Time flew, and soon, the vast night shrouded Chambord City.

…

…

On the second day, Zenit Empire’s emissary group left Chambord City.

[God of War] Andre Arshavin already left without saying goodbye to the host Fei, and left Chambord City right away with a army of elite soldiers. Although this trip back to the empire was likely to be very dangerous, but considering that the secret of him leaving St. Petersburg was already leaked, time was pressing. Emperor Yaxin’s health was worsening every day. The storm clouds and winds changed mysteriously in the empire city and as the eldest prince was most likely succeed the throne, if Arshavin continued to stay here to recuperate, then his competitor Prince Dominguez might take this opportunity and eliminate his disadvantage at the empire. So as dangerous as it was, Prince Arshavin must risk it and head back.

Fortunately, that half bottle of [Vitality restoration potion] Fei left him already healed most of his injuries.

Surprisingly, as the indispensable military adviser of Arshavin, the most trustworthy think tank, Elder Princess decided to temporarily stay in Chambord city.

But these were not Fei’s concern.

For Chambord city, the change has finally come – the military and political reform plan that waited an entire month for, finally began to be implemented.

After Alexander was officially crowned, the first King’s order was finally issued under everyone’s expectations.

This was an order regarding the military –

Chambord City formed two large legions –

The Saint Warrior Legion.

And Chambord City’s Bylaw Enforcement Legion… Also, known as the Bylaw Enforcers.

If saying the first name was pretty acceptable for the leaders of Chambord city, then the latter name “Bylaw Enforcers” simply tested their imagination. Maybe they will never know, because this was another instance of Fei’s gross hobby of being an otaku exploding again – maybe to Fei, this was a reminder he gave himself, telling himself, what kind of world he lived in before. (TL: Bylaw enforcers have a negative connotation in China because they usually abuse their power and f*ck with citizens)



* * *





Chapter 133




Chapter 133

Chapter 133: Three Departments and Six Ministries, and the Bronze Code of Law

Before Fei reincarnated, he was just a third-rate college study without much talent, nor did he have any extraordinary experience. So, towards Chambord City’s restructuring, he couldn’t put forward any constructive comments. Saint Seiya and the Bylaw Enforcement divisions were all based on his stupid hobbies. These were the military power on the surface of Chambord City. If you wanted to draw the clear line between the two, it would be that the Saint Seiyas were more like the imperial guards from the old dynasty eras, the body guards of the King, responsible for the security of the palace and executing certain commands from the King. And then the Bylaw Enforcers were the regular army, other than managing the country’s regular tasks and military operations, it still carried the city management responsibilities. After all, Chambord City was still too small at the moment, and there was no need to raise a more detailed system.

Of course, what everyone didn’t know was that Fei originally planned to form another power – a troop that he planned to name the “Secret Service” shadow troop, used to execute some missions in the dark. In a sense, the existence of this army was necessary. Kind of like the group of bandits under that cold-blood demonic woman Paris’s command. But, Han noticed that there was no people with talent in that area at the moment in Chambord City, so he temporarily gave up.

However, Fei mastered the Diablo World’s [Assassin Mode], proficient in camouflage, infiltration, assassination, poison, traps, and other skills. As long as he could find the right people in the future, this army will be built sooner or later.

That way, counting the Secret Service that has yet to be developed, then Chambord City’s military system was divided into three.

The highest commander of these three military systems was the King himself, so they will report directly to the King.

Fei clearly remembered Chairman Mao’s words from past life, “Politics comes from military power!”. That’s why he tightly grasped the military power in his own hands. Such a way was also in line with the habit of the monarchs on the continent of Azeroth. So many people only felt that the name of the new military system was a bit strange, but whether it was Bast, Brook and the others, or the peasants, they all showed full obedience to King Alexander’s new orders.

And as for the administrative system reform outside of the military, although Fei had received many suggestions in the past month, there was no beautiful plan that stood out in his eyes. Bast also got a few more white hairs from being so sad, and in the end, Fei had no choice but to do it himself. He simply once again shamelessly plagiarized the wisdom of the past world’s wise people, and brought Tang dynasty’s Three Departments and Six Ministries to the Land of Azeroth.

In the name of King, Fei completely abolished the past system of having the Head Minister in full control of the political system, and instead set left and right prime ministers and a Censorate to divide up the previous head minister’s power. Under these three, there were the Ministry of Rites that was in charge of the Kingdom’s rituals and traditions, the Ministry of Personnel that was in charge of promotion of personnel, the Ministry of Justice that was in charge of the law and the prison, the Ministry of Defence which was in charge of the logistics side of the military system, the Ministry of Works which was in charge of construction, and the Ministry of Revenue which was in charge of the treasury.

This was a version of the three departments and six

ministries that was modified based on local conditions.

Fei changed and simplified a lot of this cumbersome system, and also modified many functions of the six ministries. For instance, Chambord City’s Ministry of Defence had its power greatly reduce. In the ancient dynasties in China, many dynasties’ Ministry of Defence could directly control the military, but Chambord City’s Ministry of Defence was only in charge of the military’s logistics. But anyways, this was a detailed and clear plan. The Three Departments and Six Ministry System could last for many decades in the past feudal dynasty, condensed from the wisdom of innumerable wise people, it should probably be enough to keep this small Chambord City in order.

Such a series of changes, for a small Kingdom like Chambord, was for sure absolutely ground-breaking.

Seeing Fei proposing the new administrative system reform program, Bast became silent for a long time.

Though the Eastern Mountain battle had just ended, this old handsome man originally thought that he already had a clear grasp of this future son-in-law’s capabilities, but, when the facts showed in front of his eyes again and again, this old handsome man was still shocked.

Bast was born in a once glorious and arrogant aristocratic family, and was educated by a very complete and strict ancient aristocratic education system. This is why this old handsome man could always gracefully show an elegant aristocratic temperament. Then, due to certain reasons, his family lost its power, and Bast had no choice but to wander in the cruel world with the Angela who was still in infancy. When they came across Chambord City, they were adopted by the kind former King. Then in order to show gratitude and also in consideration of finding a good destination for his daughter’s future, he arranged the marriage for Angela and Alexander. At that time, Alexander was still small, and everything seemed normal, but who knew that the Alexander would grow up to become a retard…

Bast had regretted this, but due to the glory of the nobility and the old king’s kindness, Bast could not get those words of regret out of his mouth.

Then the Old King passed away, and Bast’s attempt to keep the idiot Alexander’s throne could be described as painstakingly. Two months earlier he swept away all the treasures of the royal family. The outsiders only knew that he ran away after selling his daughter, but only Lampard knew, this old noble actually abandoned all his dignity to go to Zenit Empire to beg for Alexander’s King’s throne. He exhausted all wealth and suffered enough embarrassment and finally got to see the big figure in the empire, finally reminding those big figures at Zenit Empire about the small Chambord Kingdom in the distant border that there’s a little king named Alexander that just hit 18 years old and needed to be canonized.

Once officially canonized, no matter how domineering the Head Minister Bazzer was, he wouldn’t be able to shake the idiot son-in-law Alexander’s throne.

This was Bast’s intention.

But what he didn’t expect was that the Elder Princess and Paris, the two most terrifying women in the empire had already had their eyes on Chambord City as the best place for their spat, and ultimately did Bast the favor on the way. The monarch’s emissary group finally was on its way to Chambord city, but on the way, hearing the scout report that Chambord City was attacked by the Black Armor army, Bast’s heart felt like he was being barbequed. Fearing that he would return back late only to see the cold bodies of his daughter and son-in-law… Bast didn’t even dare to dream that upon meeting again, the god would play such an incredible joke with him: his idiot son-in-law not only returned normal, but also turned into a true domineering king.

Seeing this administrative system reform plan in front of his eyes, Bast had to once again admit that he underestimated the future of his son-in-law. Alexander’s growth rate was appalling, beyond the most exaggerated songs in the lands of Azeroth of any well-known king. The level of perfection of this reform plan has far exceeded Bast’s most optimistic expectation. As a pure aristocracy that was previously properly educated, Bast’s vision in the administrative aspect was far better than Brook and the other common people. He could already foresee the kind of changes that will take place in Chambord when this program gets implemented, and what kind of impact it will bring to the Zenit Empire.

This was a terrifying force that was far beyond personal strength, and it will change the entire world.

“This is an incomplete proposal and some things need further refinement. Hopefully uncle Bast can complete it as soon as possible. Chambord city don’t have any talents in administration at the moment, so the tasks of Left and Right Prime Minister will still need Uncle Bast to take care of. As for the nomination and promotion of the six ministries, I will still need you to prepare the candidates…” Speaking of this, Fei once again felt the difficulty of running a country. No wonder there was a great man that said “talents are what is most valuable in the 21st century.” Chambord City right now was basically a pirated version of a good city. Military power could be easily solved, but administration talents were really lacking.

“If it doesn’t work, we will open up administration and political courses in the Chambord Civil and Military School, and cultivate talents from youth!”

…

Sweeping away the old aristocracy, Fei simply took the opportunity and directly abolished the old aristocratic hereditary system, and it was implemented very thoroughly.

Then, on the third day after the battle of Eastern Mountain top, King Alexander did another unprecedented act.

12 six-meter tall bronze warrior statues were set up in front of the Chambord City temple, and the copper body was engraved with dense inscriptions. These were the new laws Fei designed for this entire Kingdom, and each Bronze statue’s body described a certain facet of the laws. The first nine statues all had their carvings divided into summons, trials, execution, kingship, inheritance, custody, ownership and possession, land and housing, private law (specific crime statement), public law and other content, and then the other three statues were left blank.

When the 12 bronze statues came out, the whole Kingdom was shocked.



* * *





Chapter 134




Chapter 134

Chapter 134: The Origin of [Fake Death Potion]

In the entire history of the ancient Azeroth Continent, there had never been a single king that had publicly announced the law to his or her citizens.

For a long time, only nobles were qualified to know the law. The written law was never disclosed to the public. The royal and nobles had unanimously agreed that the law should be kept a mystery to the public so that it would have a stronger deterring effect. If civilians also knew the law, they might cause trouble and chaos. The law would also lose its purpose of maintaining the image of nobles and the deterring effect on the civilians. Most of the time, civilians would only know that they had done something illegal and would face punishments after they went past the line. These types of legal concepts and norms helped the nobles maintain their status and the strict hierarchy system. This also caused a lot of misunderstandings around the law and created noble privileges.

The fact that Fei casted copper warrior statues and wrote down the law was the first time someone had done so on the Azeroth Continent.

For a few days, people surrounded the Warrior Codex Statue. Everyone was carefully reading the codex and the laws; some parents didn’t understand the writing, but they proudly brought their kids who were enrolled at Chambord Civil and Military Academy, and the kids read and explained the laws to their parents.

Laughter and surprised chatter sounded among the crowds.

The legal system and laws were very complete and included a variety of things; they were beyond people’s imaginations. They touched on almost everything that might occur in the kingdom. This codex was like an unprecedented legal system. Even the eldest princess Tanasha, who decided to stay in Chambord temporarily for some reason, came to the twelve Warrior Codex Statues and read every single law written on them. She ordered her servants to carefully copy this codex.

“This is a set of law of the saints… King Alexander of Chambord could be considered a saint just by this set of laws!”

The sigh and murmur that the eldest princess subconsciously made when she was extremely shocked was overheard by someone, and it quickly spread around Chambord. Although a lot of people didn’t understand the true underlying meaning of this set of laws, the high appraisal from the Empire’s [Goddess of Intelligence] had hyped up the reputation of King Alexander among the citizens. Many people started to address their king as “Saint King Alexander.”

To Fei, this was only the beginning.

After borrowing ideas from his previous life such as Saint Seiya, Urban Management Team and Jinyi Guards to perfect the military system, the Three Sector Six Department structure to perfect the civil executive system, and the Leges Duodecim Tabularum, the origin of the legal system for Ancient Rome to perfect the legal system, Fei had painted a magnificent and beautiful design on white paper. In terms of the structure and system, Chambord was way ahead of the super powerful empires on this continent.

Of course, Fei was glad that Chambord was small and simple, like a piece of white paper. If he was in a huge bureaucratic empire, he would be faced with a huge amount of opposition. It would be impossible to complete these series of reforms in a short time; he might not even be able complete it in the long run.

After everything was done, Fei’s focus went back onto the strength of Chambord as a whole.

…

Five days after the battle of the peak of Eastern mountain.

Priest Zola and Luciano brought along some energy training scrolls and magic scrolls as they came to the King’s Palace to see Fei. For the last couple of days, they had heard some of the things that had happened on the peak of Eastern mountain. They sweated buckets wh

en they heard it; if Fei didn’t warn them and told them not to go on the peak of Eastern mountain, they probably would have been buried underground with all the other corpses. Now, they felt a sense of gratefulness on top of fear towards Fei, so they worked even faster. In less than ten days, they gathered a dozen energy training scrolls and magic scrolls and placed them in front of Fei.

Fei was satisfied with the speed of execution of the two; he gave them some “carrots” and let them go.

There were 10 energy training scrolls; they were all under two-star rank, but they covered all five attributes. There were five magic scrolls, but they didn’t cover all the attributes. These were enough for Chambord Civil and Military Academy to use for now. Fei used a quill pen and created one sheep leather manuscript for each scroll and commanded his personal guard Torres to deliver them to the library at the academy for the students and teachers to use.

Fei had one set of energy training scrolls in his hand as he looked at the sky.

He had tried to training using the energy training scrolls and magic scrolls increase his personal strength, but after a series of tests, the results were disappointing. He found out through the series of tests that he was not talented at using energy or magic at all; in fact, his body was very different from other people on this continent. His body couldn’t store energy or magic.

From the power structure on Azeroth Continent, people could create warrior energy and magic energy through the process of training for warriors and meditation for mages. But to Fei, when he was training or meditating, he would generate warrior and magic energy, but as soon as he stopped, the warrior and magic energy that he created would instantly disappear and could not be found, just like it was playing hide and seek with him.

This situation forced Fei to ditch the training for warrior and magic energy.

He decided to use the Diablo World to improve himself.

He put the energy training scroll and magic scroll into his storage space as he entered the Diablo World.

He chose Barbarian Mode and went to Priestess Akara.

For the last couple of days, Fei was used to going to Akara to learn about the theory of mysterious potion and scroll creation. One of three legendary Miraculous Skill 【Learn】, started to show its effect. Fei was very talented at learning these kinds of things, which Akara was very surprised by. However, the king had brought his clumsy personality from his previous life to the Diablo World. He frequently forgot to add important ingredients, engraved the wrong magic patterns onto scrolls, and messed up the creation process. All of these resulted in violent explosions that occurred in 【Rogue Encampment】, and the beautiful rogues saw Akara who had dirt on her face chasing after Fei with a broom in her hand.

However, Fei made significant progress.

Until now, Fei had mastered the process of creating 【Healing Potions】 and 【Mana Potions】.

Studying the theory was very boring, and time passed by slowly.

As the daily half-hour studying time was about to finish, Fei took out a bottle of pink potion. This potion was named [Fake Death Potion] by Fei. [Fake Death Potion] was the most important item that carried Chambord through the whole disaster; it was the reason why people like Angela and Lampard could fake their deaths and fool both Paris and the eldest princess.

“Is this the mutated potion that you were talking about?”

Akara carefully observed the bottle of mysterious pink potion; she was very intrigued. She took the cap off of the bottle, slightly smelled it, and swirled it. She placed one drop of the potion onto her hand, and rubbed it using her finger. After a while, she shook her head as she said, “This is a brand new potion… can you tell me in detail how you made this potion? Don’t leave any details out.”

Fei told her the process of how he made the [Fake Death Potion].

“So, you were originally trying to make some 【Healing Potions】, but the same formula created something completely different in your world?” Akara had a hard time believing it. “Did you use the wrong formula again?” Akara wasn’t very confident in Fei’s memorization.

“Impossible…” Fei disagreed. “I clearly used the formula that you taught me and made more than 20 potions, and all of them had mutated…” Fei said as he shook his head. “Therefore, I suspect that the formula was correct, but the raw ingredients between the two worlds are a bit different… Eh, the materials that I used were all from my world, so that might be the reason for the mutation.”

“What? You’re saying that the Promising World has the raw materials for making potions as well?” People from 【Rogue Encampment】 liked to call Azeroth Continent as the Promising World. After hearing Fei’s reasoning, Akara was shocked. “Mister Fei, you never told me that before.”

“I discovered that by accident.” Fei rubbed his nose as he said, “Too many things occurred in the last couple of days, and I didn’t have the chance to tell you.” After he said that, he took out the energy training scrolls and magic scrolls from his storage space and gave them to Akara. “These scrolls are used by the people from the Promising World to increase their strength. They call them warrior energy and magic energy. They might give you some hints and clues.”

At this moment –

“Ahahahahaha, I got it! I finally got it! So it’s like this… Hahahaha, this is very interesting…” A high pitched scream suddenly sounded from afar. Fei and Akara turned around and saw white-beard old man Cain rushing to them as if he got with the woman of his dreams. As soon as he saw Fei, he grabbed Fei’s hand as if he wanted to get an appraisal. He took out a few magic armors and laughed. “Mister Fei, I got it, I finally got it. This is how these magic engravings and patterns function… Hahahaha, looks at these armors…”

Fei took a good look.

He realized that the armors in Cain’s hand were very familiar; they looked like the armors that he stripped from the silver-masked knight who was the commander of the black armored troop. However, the color and the magic fluctuation of the armors were completely different. They were no longer like the magic items from Azeroth Continent, but rather like the familiar magic items from the Diablo World.



* * *





Chapter 135




Chapter 135

Chapter 135: Prophecy and magic item set



Fei was excited. “You… you finally finished identifying this set of armor?”

Cain threw the almost complete set of magic armor to Fei as he laughed. “That’s right, it has been identified… I also made some adjustments to the magic arrays on them. Even if the creator of the set of armor was standing here, he or she wouldn’t be able to tell that this is something that they created… I have to say, this set of armor is very mystical. The way that the magic array is engraved onto the armor and the way that the magic array functions are both very interesting. It really opened my eyes… However, I can tell that the principles of the magic array and engraving methods are very similar to the ones in this world… Mister Fei, I think I have accidently discovered a gate to a new type of magic. If I can open this gate, we might obtain the power that can make the gods shiver!”

After hearing Cain’s exaggerated words, Fei thought of something. He passed two the scrolls that he was going to give to Akara to Cain as he said, “Look at this. Can you discover something from these?”

“This…”

Cain grabbed the magic scrolls from Fei in confusion. He opened one scroll up and looked at it. After a few stares, he was excited. Like a hungry wolf who had spotted a fat sheep, he shouted, “Aha, god, so it’s like this… Like I said… Oh, genius design… This is an unimaginable structure for magic swirls and amplification… Oh my, this works?… Ohhhhhh, I see, so it was like this… man, these have some genius thoughts.”

After a series of crazy, unclear sighs, Cain ditched Fei completely and walked towards his own tent with the magic scrolls like a mad scientist. He left Fei with one sentence, “With these scrolls, I can evolve my new theories. Aha, I think I might be able to help you to open that strange storage ring…”

This old man was like a wind; he came fast and left fast.

Fei could only shake his head and watch Cain go.

At 【Rogue Encampment】, Both Cain and Akara had a profound knowledge base for history and magic; they were both perfect professors in Fei’s mind. Due to the difference in the magic system between the Diablo World and Azeroth Continent, Fei didn’t execute a lot of plans that he had. If old Cain could really decipher the magic principles of Azeroth Continent, Fei would be able to put a lot of his plans into action.

“I want to go to the Promising World to make some potions. Let Elena go with me!”

Priestess Akara was very curious about the fact of mutating potions when they were created on Azeroth Continent. Just like Cain, this master of potion and scroll creations also discovered a new way of potion creation. If she was lucky enough, she thought that she could also create a new series of potions.

Fei didn’t hesitate at all.

He put the armor into his storage space, used the miraculous skill 【Summon】 and opened up a portal. Akara and Elena were sent to Chambord Kingdom; with the assistance of Angela, the big black dog, and some of the smart kids from the academy, they climbed up the mountains that surrounded Chambord. There were numerous plants and medical herbs. As if she discovered a new continent, Akara started to test every possible combination of ingredients.

Fei on the other hand returned to the Diablo World.

He exited [Barbarian Mode] and chose [Sorcerer Mode] instead on the big 3D screen. His sorcerer was the only character that hadn’t completed all the quests from 【Rogue Encampment】; however, there were only two quests left. In the next three hours, as long as he completed the quests 【The Forgotten Tower】 and 【Sisters to the Slaughter】, he would pass th

rough Act I 【Rogue Encampment】 with all seven classes. The mysterious reward that he would get would be here soon as well.

Killing and leveling up began.

…

Two hours later.

“Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah!”

A deep, sorrow, and unwilling roar sounded in the deepest location in the 【Catacombs】 on the 【Tamoe Highland】. The roar was so loud that it resonated through the entire 【Rogue Encampment】. After the roar, the female demon Andariel died beside Fei’s feet for the seventh time. The red blood soaked the stones in the basement, and violent rumbling tore the ground apart. Huge flames enveloped Andariel’s corpse, and the surrounding demons and monsters cried as they were burnt to ashes.

It was the seventh time that Fei saw the tear sliding down Andariel’s beautiful face.

What kind of tear was that!

The crystal tear was filled with indulging glory and falling, beauty and desperation, loyalty and betrayal, giving and taking, blood and tears, fire and swords, jealousy and hatred… as well as the tragic love that wasn’t accepted by this world. Fei had fallen into a strange state. All a sudden, an ancient and moving emotion jumped out of this tear, and like a vivid roaring soul, it immediately invaded Fei‘s consciousness.

Fei’s expression changed.

This was an unexpected changed.

For the last six times when he killed the fallen Andariel, this didn’t occur. Fei couldn’t dodge or resist this sudden change on the spiritual level. It invaded Fei’s entire conscious, and something magical happened in the next second –

Many scenes appeared in front of Fei, as if he was watching a realistic 3D movie –

A poor little girl who lost both of her parents was walking on a moor alone. But as she was about to die from hunger and exhaustion, a kind priest took her in. From that moment on, this poor little girl lived in the monastery on the Tamoe Highland. She was like an ugly duckling; she did most dirty and tiring chores just to earn a meal. As time passed by, this ugly duckling turned into a beautiful white swan unexpectedly. Even the most devoted priest would lose focus because of one of her smiles. Soon, the girl’s name was passed around the continent; she became a goddess in every man’s mind, and the target of jealousy in every woman’s mind.

The monastery used her beauty to grow its strength by getting more support, and soon became the most important force on the heaven’s side of the battle against hell.

In an important event hosted by the monastery, hundreds of thousands of men came to Tamoe Highland from all around the continent just to see her face. When she appeared on the high stage, numerous men cheered, but one man who was in a red cloak turned around and walked away… she remembered that man.

Then, an unfortunate event happened.

During a praying session, the oil lamp fell off of the ceiling and hit the girl’s face, and her eyes were burnt by the hot oil. Due to the jealousy from the nuns towards her beauty, the treatment was delayed… she became disfigured. What happened next took her by surprise. After losing her beauty, she had become the laughing stock of the continent. She lost the value that she was able to bring to the monastery, and she had to do the dirtiest, most tiring, and even demoralizing chores again to survive. She lived in shame. Even the lowest, dirtiest mercenary would laugh at her. “Look, this ugly one was the most beautiful woman on the continent…”

Just to prevent people from seeing the ugly scars on her face, she begged a blacksmith to make her an iron mask.

From that moment on, the former most beautiful women had to wear the black iron mask and live like a dog in shame… Until one day, a man in a red cloak appeared in front of her.

“You are Andariel?” he asked in surprise.

She was stunned. “How could this man recognize me with this mask on my face?” she thought.

“Your eyes are still beautiful as always!”

What a simple answer. Tears immediately filled the girl’s heart. Beauty? What a familiar yet strange word. When was the last time someone complimented her this way? “So my eyes are still beautiful…”

“Do you want to restore your beauty?” the man asked.

“Yeah… But how? Can you?” The girl had a bitter smile on her face.

“Of course I can.” The man unveiled himself from the cloak. He let loose a little bit of his force and the ground started to shake. “Because I’m Diablo – the Lord of Terror!”

The girl was shocked… However, she slowly put herself together when she was facing the Lord of Terror who only existed in legends.

Then, the girl restored her beauty, and she had a strong demonic force. She used her beauty and power to control the monastery and turned it into a paradise for demons, the frontline of hell. She got everything that she lost and became the female demon who was feared by everyone.

Yes, she was in love with the Lord of Terror.

However, that man didn’t love her back; he was deeply in love with his wife who had passed away.

For him, the girl who had restored her beauty had taken back the glory, blame, and blood…. She also learnt a vicious technique to become very strong just for the purpose of helping that man in the fight against heaven.

The girl’s name was Andariel.

The last 【Flower of Rogue】, the one before Elena.

Fei had witnessed the complete journey that the former 【Flower of Rogue】 Andariel went through and the love between her and the Lord of Terror as a bystander. This was a very mystical and spiritual ride. For a moment, as if Fei was connected to Andariel, he completely felt the emotional journey that the former 【Flower of Rogue】 went on. There was helplessness, powerlessness, anger, hatred, sorrow, regret… until the end, Fei sighed as he thought, “Was she wrong? Was this woman who went through such tragic events wrong?”

This was fate.

Fei was a little sympathetic towards the woman who he had killed seven times.

As Fei was contemplating, something mysterious occurred again. All the scenes in front of him shattered into pieces like a broken mirror, and slowly reformed into a beautiful woman who could take breath out of almost any man. Like a goddess, she appeared in front of Fei – Fei recognized her; she was Andariel, who had her beauty restored and not yet learnt the vicious technique. At this moment, she was so beautiful that people didn’t dare look at her straight in the face; she was definitely the most beautiful woman Fei had ever seen.

“Accept my gift, and protect your lover. Every 【Flower of Rogue】 will experience unprecedented suffering. Young warrior, a great disaster is coming. If you still believe in love, please protect her, and don’t let her go through what I did!”

After she said that, she waved her arms and a black light enveloped her body. Soon, she disappeared. At the location where she was at, a set of fascinating magic armor filled with unbelievable magic powers appeared.

Fei was shocked.

This was a complete set of magic items.

The complete set of magic items wasn’t missing any parts, and it was at its most powerful stage.

Beside the magic armor, there was a black iron mask; it was the mask that Andariel begged the blacksmith to make for her to cover up her ugliness.



* * *





Chapter 136




Chapter 136

Chapter 136: The mysterious black mask

Items in the Diablo World would fall into eight levels.

The first level was 【Inferior Item】. The color was dark, and they would be divided into four more categories: inferior, chipped, damaged, and rough. These items were barely usable; a lot of novice warriors didn’t even use them. Even an ordinary demon or monster could drop these items when they were killed.

The second level was 【Ordinary Item】. The color of these items was white. Some of them had natural holes where gems and runes could be embedded. However, these holes would be drilled on after making the items. These items were very common, and they were the foundation of the game. They were easy to get, as one could get nine ordinary items from killing ten monsters. The attributes of these items were very average.

The third level was 【Superior Item】. The appearance of these items was also white; only weapons and armors in the Diablo World could be at this level. These items had some extra attack damage, durability, and defense stats, but the extra effects weren’t that strong. They were only a bit better than 【Ordinary Item】.

The fourth level was 【Magic Item】. The appearance of these items was blue; they had stronger attributes and effects. They were better at attack, defense and additional effects compared with the other three item types. Most 【Magic Items】 also had one or two prefixes or suffixes; they determined the quality of the additional attributes. There were super powerful 【Magic Items】 and weak 【Magic Items】, but they were all very strong. Fei’s current Barbarian’s armor and belt were both 【Magic Items】.

The fifth level was 【Crafted Item】. These items were orange and could only be crafted by combining various ingredients through recipes. Fei didn’t own anything like this currently.

The sixth level was 【Rare Item】. These items were yellow and were even more powerful and had more attributes than the other four types of items. The name of these items typically contained two to six prefixes or suffixes. Fei had a few of these items. For example, the bow that Fei gifted to Elena was a 【Rare Item】. These items were the more premium mainstream items.

The seventh level was 【Set Item】. The appearance of these items was green. According to legends, these green items belonged to great legendary warriors. When all of the 【Set Items】 from the set were collected and equipped, extra powerful magic power would be generated on top of the powerful attributes of each individual item. 【Set Items】 were hard to find. There were usually a few pieces in a set; it would take a lot of time to collect all of them, even if one was lucky. Fei did get 【Arctic Fur】, the armor in the 【Arctic Gear】 set in the Barbarian Mode. However, he still hadn’t found the other three missing items to complete the 【Arctic Gear】 set.

The eighth level was 【Unique Item】. These items were golden and were almost holy. They were the rarest of all items, and they each had a unique special ability. They had their own shapes, attributes, names, and they could even changes color. There were three small levels within 【Unique Items】, and they were normal, exceptional, and elite.

After understanding the level system within this Diablo World, it was easy to see why Fei was so excited.

What was in front of him was a complete set of the level seven green 【Set Items】. They all appeared in front of Fei; this was unheard of when he played the game in his previous life – of course, the scene with the female demon Andariel also never occurred in the actual game on Earth.

Fei lightly reached out and touched the green 【Set Items】 in front of his eyes.

The cold sensation coming from his fingers told him that this was real; he was not hallucinating or dreaming.

This was a four-piece set. There was a simple pointy light blue mage hat made o

f bones, a delicate light blue metal armor that protected his shoulders to his knees, and a light blue wand that was about 6 feet tall. It had a spherical magic crystal at the top and three mysterious strands of clothes covered the wand. The last piece was some kind of talisman that was red, about the size of the palm, and had a five-star magic array engraved on it.

The four items were tightly put together and took the shape of a standing person. It was lively and a crystal light of life floated on the surface of the items. Waves of powerful magic fluctuations came off the set of items in an unstoppable manner.

The set was currently in an unidentified state.

However, Fei was very intrigued by this. He could no longer wait to take them back to the encampment and let Cain identify them for him for free. He used four 【Identify Scrolls】 and unveiled the properties of this set –

The wand’s name was 【Arcanna’s Deathwand】.

It was a two-handed item.

Damage -12-18; durability – 50/50; level required – Level 15.

Special properties: +1 level to all sorcerer skills; +25% chance of deadly strike; +50% damage to undead creatures; +5% mana regeneration; +50 mana.

The pointy light blue mage hat that was made out of bones was called 【Arcanna’s Head】

Defense – 237; Durability – 18/18; Required level – Level 15. Required Strength: 15

Special properties: +4 health regeneration; attacker takes damage of 2; +25% lightning resistance; +228 defense (depending on player’s level).

The light armor was called 【Arcanna’s Flesh】

Defense – 195; Durability – 60/60; Required level – Level 15; Required Strength: 41

Special properties: +3 damage reduction; +2 visibility (Light radius) ; +10 stamina; +100 defense.

The talisman was called 【Arcanna’s Sign】

Required level – Level 15

Special properties: +20% mana regeneration; +15 mana; +20% fire resistance; +50% chance of finding【 magic items】.

These were the individual properties and attributes of each item.

【Arcanna’s Tricks】!!

Fei instantly knew the name of this set.

From Fei’s previous memories, there was such a 【Set Item】 for sorcerers. Although it wasn’t as great as the top-tier Sorceress 【Set Item】- 【Tal Rasha’s Wrappings】, it was the perfect set for Sorcerers who were at a low level. The required level to equipment this set was only level 15. Currently, Fei was level 19, so he could equip it.

Without any hesitation, Fei stripped himself and put on 【Arcanna’s Tricks】.

A light blue light instantly enveloped Fei. An unprecedented feeling of power filled every single cell in his body. Fei felt that his attack and defense had doubled or tripled instantly. With this complete set, he was the equivalent of a level 25 sorceress even though he was only level 19.

After he equipped everything, the bonus effect kicked in –

20% faster cast rate; 5% mana stolen per hit; +50 health; +50 mana.

Fei closed his eyes and carefully felt the pleasure of the increase in strength.

Then, he noticed a simple, black iron mask floating in mid-air.

The appearance of this mask was far worse than the set item – 【Arcanna’s Tricks】. If Fei didn’t pay attention, he would had thought that it was a piece of old bark with two holes cut in it. The mask was lifeless, but it floated in mid-air as if there was no gravity. A strange power vaguely floated on the surface of the mask, and it had an ancient, mysterious, and tragic sensation.

“Could this be… the legendary 【Andariel’s Visage】?”

Fei was stunned. 【Andariel’s Visage】 was the mask that Andariel begged a blacksmith to forge for her after her beauty was destroyed. It was a nice item, but it was rare to get from the Monastery map. It shouldn’t have appeared here.

Fei took the mask, and it was so light that Fei felt like he was holding onto air.

Before the identification, Fei wouldn’t know the name or the property of the mask. He took out a 【Identify Scroll】 and a golden light flashed by.

Fei was shocked.

He realized that the mask in his hand wasn’t affected at all; he still could get its property.

“This… What is going on? Could it be a very normal mask that’s not even considered an item? And that’s why there are no properties to display?” Fei guessed. “But that shouldn’t be it. If it’s just a regular mask, how could it float in the air?”

This was very strange.

This situation was also unheard of in the original game that Fei played before.

Fei remember what Andariel said to him in her recovered, soul state –

“Accept my gift, and protect your lover. Every 【Flower of Rogue】 will experience unprecedented sufferings. Young warrior, a great disaster is coming. If you still believe in love, please protect her, and don’t let her go through that I had!”

The sixth-sense that came from his soul vaguely told him that this mysterious black mask was somehow related to the “prophecy” that Andariel left him, but he couldn’t wrap his head around this vague connection.

Fei thought about it and tried to put this mysterious mask onto his face.

His face felt a warm sensation, as if his lover was lightly touching him.

The mask wasn’t big. It perfectly covered the rest of the face below the hat that was made out of bones. He was still able to see through the two holes on the mask, and the nose was raised, so his nose fit perfectly into the mask. He was able to breath comfortably. However, Fei had a strange feeling; he felt like this mask had its own life. It slowly squirmed on his face and adjusted itself to his face. The end result was that it fit Fei’s face so perfectly that it seemed like it was built for Fei.

Then, another strange feeling kicked in.

Fei felt like all five of his senses were merged. He could see what he couldn’t see before, he could hear what he couldn’t hear before, and he could smell what he couldn’t smell before…

He raised his hand and took off the mask, and this feeling went away.

After a few trials, he was sure.

It seemed like magnifying senses was the only ability of this mask.

“Something that 【Identify Scroll】 couldn’t identify, this is very mysterious… I know for a fact that even level 8 【Unique Items】 can be identified by the 【Identify Scroll】. Wait… Could this black mask be something above level 8【Unique Items】? It can’t be! I’ve never heard about a level 9 item in the Diablo World!

Fei shook his head; he couldn’t tell what was going on, but he knew that this mask was mysterious and strange. He put the mask into his storage belt.

Then, the scene in front of him changed, as if it disappeared into space.

Like traveling through time, Fei instantly returned to the catacombs where he killed the demon Andariel. There were the same burning fires and flowing blood; all the monsters were dead, and Fei’s Sorcerer character competed all the quests from 【Rogue Encampment】

All seven of his characters passed Act I in Diablo World.

Fei returned to the 3D screen where he could choose different classes.

Something occurred; although it surprised Fei, it made him very happy.



* * *





Chapter 137




Chapter 137

Chapter 137: The “Obscene” Reward for the Clearance (1)

Huge changes occurred on the 3D screen.

The seven characters who represented the Barbarian, Sorceress, Paladin, Assassin, Amazon, Druid, and Necromancer classes were still standing there vividly. The changes on them weren’t that obvious. The weakest among all the classes was the Necromancer, and it was now level 19 already. Every character had at least a level 5 【Magic Item】on them. The Sorceress character was the fanciest with a complete set of green 【Arcanna’s Tricks】emitting a green light sphere and enveloping the character in it. The items the sorceress had were obviously better than the items that the other characters had, all appearing in different colors.

Set items were great after all. On top of their power, their appearances were much sharper and different compared to others.

What surprised Fei wasn’t the appearances of his characters…… but rather a line of ancient red words filled the whole 3D screen. The words were clearly reflected into Fei’s pupil –

“Congratulation, young adventurer. After the test of blood and fire, challenges between death and life, choices for love and hate, you have complete all the quests from Act I in the Diablo World. Your miraculous skills, 【Summon】and【Give】, will be leveled up. Your conversion limit will be upgraded, the parallel universes will be upgraded, your mercenaries will receive a boost in strength…… There is a total of eleven level ups that you will receive as mysterious rewards. Slowly unveil the secrets of the Diablo World! Young man, a new adventure lies ahead of you. Prove you are worthy of God’s favour by using the swords and blades in your hands like a true warrior!”

Fei was only able to half understand it.

In between the lines, Fei sensed an unexpected aura of compassion, as if an elder was standing in front of him calmly, gifting him with all these rewards, and then patiently and carefully teaching and instructing him.

As soon as Fei finished reading the sentence, the line of words started to change. The words slowly fainted, and shrunk into small red dots. After dancing in the air like fireflies in a dark night, they suddenly rushed towards Fei like iron dust attracted to a magnet.

Fei couldn’t dodge it, and all the red-light specks instantly entered Fei’s body.

It felt really strange.

As if he was hugging another soul.

For the next second, Fei felt something appear in his body but it strangely felt like it belonged there. It was a force, like a cloud of information. It felt ancient, mysterious and strange.

Fei closed his eyes and slowly “read” the information.

Suddenly –

“Shit…… combining strength, so this is how, it’s bad……” A short message in this information surprised Fei. He didn’t continue reading the rest of the information; he instantly exited from the 3D screen.

The time was tight.

……

……

The back mountains of Chambord.

The autumn’s sun was warm and the weather was very nice.

There wasn’t a single cloud in the sky, and the sky looked like a huge crystal blue gem that covered the top of the world. Deep in the mountains, deep and long roars from beast and animals sounded frequently. The yellow leaves fell from the tree branches and covered up numerous unknown secrets.

All the plants and greenery were turning yellow and golden brown, expressing their beauty brazenly.

Nearby, on one of the plateaus made of rocks with vines climbing over them, Akara smiled as she taught Angela and a bunch of kids how to identify herbs and their effects in making potions. The atmosphere was very peaceful and fun. Angela and the kids wo

uld gasp and laugh as they learnt the mystical effects of the herbs and random plants that they didn’t pay attention to before.

Akara was very pleased with the atmosphere, and she did her best to teach.

Not too far away, Elena, looking like a Valkyrie, was standing on a big rock as she held on tight to her bow. Her red hair fluttered in the wind, like a burning fire. Although there weren’t any huge beasts in the back mountains, the dangerous surroundings in the Diablo World had trained her to be cautious all the time. She guarded Akara, Angela, and the kids carefully. She was very sensitive to danger, and she knew what place that beautiful naive girl held in Fei’s heart.

Therefore, Elena felt she must help Fei to protect this girl.

【Black Tornado】was lying beside Elena’s feet lazily. Its eyes were sleepy and it opened its mouth and yawned here and there. Under the warm autumn sunlight, this smart beast felt very comfortable.

The scene was beautiful.

Suddenly, Blacky sniffed his nose.

It felt perplexed, and it raised its dog head and looked up. Its eyes focused on Elena and found the source of the abnormality – the autumn sun wasn’t hot, but a large amount of sweat started to drip from Elena’s forehead. The crystal sweats reflected all sorts of colours from the sun.

Drip! Drip!

The sweat landed on the rocks.

“Woff!Woff!Woff!……” Blacky got up and started to bark.

Akara who was teaching the basics of potion concoction to Angela and the kids also stopped talking and looked this way.

She also felt the change coming from Elena’s body –

At that moment, a few strong energies came from nowhere and were instantly injected into Elena’s body. These energies were all different attributes. They couldn’t co-exist with each other. Therefore, they were fighting aggressively with each other, and Elena’s body turned into a battlefield for these energies.

To any warrior, this situation was deadly.

The disruption coming from the energies of different attributes might instantly destroy one’s body and bones; the person might become a pile of flesh and blood.

Currently, there was already a layer of light blood on Elena’s soft smooth skin, and a lot of bloody mists were coming out of Elena’s invisible pores. From afar, it seemed like Elena was covered in a red flame. Numerous veins were becoming visible on her arm that was holding onto the bow. Her white teeth had bitten into her red lips so hard that blood gushed out.

The mercenary was definitely in huge amount of pain.

“What’s going on?” Even Akara who was very wise was surprised couldn’t understand why this would happened to Elena. In her long life, she had never seen any female rogues in any kind of similar situation.

Whoosh!Whoosh!Whoosh!Whoosh!

There was no time to waste, Akara raised her hand and a series of white light flew out of her palm and into Elena’s body.

This was the special healing skill that priestesses of the Diablo World knew.

Akara had deep knowledge about magic as well.

With the help from the healing, Elena was doing a little bit better. However, the conflict between energies didn’t stop. In fact, it was getting more and more aggressive. Soon, more and more bloody mists gushed out of Elena’s body, and the beauty was covered in blood.

““Woff!Woff!Woff!……” Blacky started to bark like crazy.

“Sister Elena……” Angela was also terrified by what she saw.

Akara used the healing skill non-stop and didn’t reserve her magic energy at all. A series of white healing lights dashed into Elena’s body, but it wasn’t helping much.

“Damn……” Even Akara, who worshiped god, spat out swears.

“Ah……” The valiant valkyrie who endured all the pain couldn’t hold up anymore. She let out a deep painful cry.

At this moment –

Huuuu!

A blue portal suddenly appeared on the rock, and Fei walked out of it. He took out a full bottle of 【Full rejuvenation Potion】and poured onto Elena’s body. He then held the hot mercenary who already fainted by the waist as he stomped the ground. Boom! The rock exploded into pieces as Fei leaped into the air and disappeared from Akara’s, Angela’s, blacky’s, and the kid’s eyes.

“Don’t worry, I have a solution!”

Fei’s voice resonated in the sky.

Akara felt a bit relieved, but became very curious. It looked like Fei knew what was going on inside Elena’s body…… But why? Angela on the other hand wrapped her arms around her chest as she felt very worried. This pure girl didn’t get mad or jealous of her fiance holding another woman.

……

……

Fei used Barbarian 【Leap】repeatedly and his body merged with the wind. He quickly arrived at a stone room in the underground cave within the back mountains.

He ordered the guards to not let anyone in as he poured the last bottle of 【Full rejuvenation Potion】he had into Elena mouth.

The hot mercenary was in a terrible condition.

There was ice, fire, lightning and poison energies within her body. The four types of energies were fighting inside her body. If Akara didn’t use healing skills to suppress the conflict and Fei didn’t use all of the 【Full rejuvenation Potion】he just converted to balance them out, the valkyrie in his arms would have broken into pieces.

“Shit! Do I have to do that?”

Fei looked at Elena who was still fainted, hesitating.

He knew exactly what was happening to Elena – this was one of the rewards he got for completing all the quests in Act I in Diablo World – Combining his strength.

This was the underlining purpose of this reward –

All the strengths from the other six mercenaries from the other six parallel universes that Fei’s other six characters were in would be combined into Elena – this wasn’t a surprise – only Elena was like a living being and the other six mercenaries were like rigid robots; they didn’t have any intelligence. Although he guessed that this strange phenomenon occurred because of the rewards he got, he didn’t expect it to have this kind of connection. Also, from the information Fei read in the Diablo World, this combination process was very dangerous. Without careful preparations, Elena might not be able to balance the energy in her body, and that would result in harming of her health, and even death.

At this point, all the potions that Fei converted were used.

But Elena was still in a terrible condition.

All four energies in her body didn’t show any signs of balance and calming down. In the conflict, they were more like kids who got into a fight. They were causing more trouble and getting more aggressive. Although Elena fainted, the pain was still torturing her. Fei’s heart was hurting just by looking at her unconscious frowning expression. The floor would soon be stained by Elena’s blood.

Fei quickly made the difficult decision.

He slowly placed his hands on the buckles of Elena’s armour.



* * *





Chapter 138




Chapter 138

Chapter 138: The “Obscene” Reward for the Clearance (2)

Although it was called a remote and impoverished kingdom, Chambord wasn’t actually as impoverished as most people thought. In fact, it was quite the opposite. Surrounded by green mountain ranges and the Zuli River, Chambord was quite an aesthetic and cheerful place.

In the afternoon, on the defense wall, a team of sharp soldiers was patrolling around the battlement. The plain across from the river seemed to feel the desolation of autumn; the green grass had turned yellow. Looking from afar, it looked like there was a golden carpet placed on the ground. A breeze blew pass by, and the long grass on the hills waved, as if they were tides. The scenery was just perfect.

Suddenly –

Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom!

A series of vague drumming noise came from afar; it was filled with the sharp murderous intent that came only from military troops. It instantly broke the peaceful atmosphere and picturistic view.

“Stop!”

Michelle-Barak, the captain of this team waved his hand, and the patrolling soldiers paused their steps.

Barak toned down his breathing and listened carefully to this vague drum noise. His face slowly changed color. He jumped onto a battlement without say a word and took a detailed look. At the horizon, where the golden plain met the skyline, he saw a dense row of flags. The flags had various colors and symbols, and they all fluttered in the wind. Then, a group of people appeared; they looked like a huge mass of black ants from Barak’s view…… It was an army.

“Who could they be?” Barak was shocked.

This army that appeared out of nowhere and had at least a thousand men. They were all armed well; their weapons shined and reflected the sunlight into Barak’s eyes. This fully armed army was up to no good. But just in case that it was misunderstanding, Barack sent out a scout.

A fast horse with the scout on it rushed out of the kingdom gate. It soon passed the stone bridge and headed directly toward the army in afar.

At the same time, all the soldiers in the kingdom received urgent commands and were all rushing up the defense wall in formations.

After more than ten minutes, the scout had finally returned. Although he didn’t hear the report from the scout, Barack knew what was going on after he saw the blood stains and the few arrows on his back – this army who appeared out of nowhere was an enemy.

“Ring the bell and alarm everyone. Quick! Inform Mr. Brock about this situation now!” Barak’s agitated voice sounded in every soldier’s ears.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

The huge bell that was about 2 yards tall and hung at the highest location on the defensive wall was rang.

A tense atmosphere spread in Chambord Castle as the bell rang by. The relaxed citizens who were wandering on the streets all panicked and rushed back to their homes. A few fast horses were rushing towards Chambord’s Civil and Military Academy and King’s Palace. Although the atmosphere suddenly changed from casual to tense, after the experience of the black armored enemies’ siege, people of Chambord who had lived through the war didn’t turn into chaos. All the preparations for battle were being processed accordingly.

Barak led forty soldiers out of the Castle; they rushed to the stone bridge.

During the battle on the stone bridge with the black armoured enemies, the god like King Alexander broke this ancient bridge who had been here for numerous of years in half with his brutal strength, and left a gap about more than ten yards(m) long. After that war, the two portions of the bridge were connected by ropes, chains, and wood boards. But under the design of his majesty, the simple and crude rope and wood board bridge was rep

laced with a suspension bridge made from iron chains and plates.

This suspension bridge was perfect for both attack and defence. It was like a gigantic beast that crawled in between the two side of the stone bridges. It served as a great first line of defence and perfected the Zuli River’s moat effect.

Creak! Creak! Creak! Creak!

8 iron chains that were as thick as an adult’s waist slowly pulled up the iron suspension bridge like 8 godly arms under the squeaking and whining of the the huge iron wheel. The more than ten meter gap reappeared on the bridge. The fast current in the Zuli River rushed by under the gap, and cold mists were blown around by the wind, freezing the surroundings. There was also a mysterious suction force coming from the river, making everything more horrifying.

When faced with this gap, any army would have to fill the river with corpses before they would get by.

“Archers…… get ready!”

Barak drew out his sword. He licked his lips and didn’t bother hiding the excited expression from his face. Chambord Kingdom had slowly ramped up its military strength. As one of the twenty three strongmen who participated in the battle on the stone bridge and one of the Silver Saint Seiya, he was looking forward to this battle from the bottom of his heart.

He wanted the whole empire to see how strong Chambord was!

Behind him, many soldiers charged out of the castle to help them. Saint Seiya members such as Drogba and Ivanovic had lead the elite soldiers under them and joined the soldiers at the northern side of the stone bridge. On the defensive wall, both Bast and Brock who were the civil and military heads of Chambord had already arrived after the alarm. They were standing under the watch tower calmly.

This was a scary reaction speed.

Everyone was waiting for this sudden, mysterious enemy to arrive.

……

……

At the underground cave in the back mountains.

In the simple and crude stone room.

Fei had took off the last piece of soft leather inner armour for Elena; he tried doing so as he close his eyes. Although his shivering fingers had not touched Elena’s white, smooth and burning skin, he already felt a warm and charming sensation. Fei felt like his soul was getting a third degree burn by this Valkyrie’s beauty.

There was no time to waste. Elena’s condition was getting worse and worse. Fei shook his head as he hugged the female mercenary’s body. He felt a mystic sensation; his body was numbed by this soft, warm, unprecedented feeling. His head turned blank.

The fainted Valkyrie seemed to sense something; the frowning expression on her face relaxed a little bit.

Fei suppressed the dirty thoughts in his head as he thought back to the information he got in Diablo World. He looked at Elena’s beautiful face as he sighed in his head. At this moment, for some reason, another girl’s pure figure popped into his head. However……

After lightly separating the Valkyrie’s long and white legs, Fei finally slowly entered.

There wasn’t anytime to experience that moment of ecstasy. A stream of explosive power filled with destruction rushed into Fei’s body through the connection. Although Fei was anticipating this, that extremely painful sensation made Fei instantly cry out with a deep roar. He felt like that power had torn his soul from his body. His blood also gushed out of his body through the pores, filling the air with bloody mists.

Fei finally experienced the pain that Elena was enduring.

It was hard to imagine how this pretty girl was able to endure this pain; she didn’t even groan when she fainted…… This girl’s fortitude instantly shocked Fei!

He hugged the girl tightly in his arms, as if he was hugging the most precious treasure in the world.

Fei utilized his Barbarian physical power and tried to take on as much of that terrifying pain as he would. He could even clearly feel the four energy:lightning, fire, ice, and poison passing through the connection and entering into his body. He felt like all the cells in his body were ground into dust. Endless amounts of pain were generated through the conflict and fight between these four types of energy.

Under this pain that was more than ten times the amount as the pain he experienced after drinking 【Hulk Potion】, every second was longer than a century in his head.

Soon, ice, lightning, fire, and poison, the four incompatible energy gradually stopped fighting. They were like four guys who became friends after a long fight. The energies circulated in Fei’s body for a full cycle, and then completely returned back to Elena’s body through the connection like a whale sucking back the water it spurted out; none of the energy was left behind in Fei.

Next moment, Fei felt the beautiful body in his arms slightly moved.

This slight movement surprised Fei, and it instantly cleared his head. He immediately realized that it was very awkward between them, his lower body part was still…… Eh, he was going to say something and separate their bodies, but two soft, slender and smooth arms reached out and held onto Fei tightly.

He lowered his head.

He saw the hot mercenary blinking her beautiful eyes.

She had obviously awakened quite a while ago.

And she knew what happened.

A crystal clear tear drop slowly slided off of her beautiful face.

However, she didn’t let go of Fei; her arms still surrounded Fei’s neck tightly. Fei was even having a hard time breathing. It seemed like she was scared that the person in her arms would instantly vanish to thin air if she let go.

“Hug me tighter!” Elena murmured into Fei’s ear.

At the same time, Elena hugged Fei tightly like a burning fire

She pushed her hot body against Fei; Fei felt like he was about to melt into this warm flame. Her body lightly shivered in Fei’s arms; at that moment, she was no longer the invincible magic archer who covered up the heat from the sun by her frost arrows, she was just a brave yet timid little girl who had a low self-esteem.

Fei suddenly realized.

He finally understood that he was ignoring some before.

His heart felt warm and soft, as if it was wetting and melting into bits, blending into the body in his arms, and they could no longer be separated.

Seductive moans and heavy breathing gradually resonated in this stone room.

Elena raised her white, smooth, swan like neck, waved her hand, and a blue water curtain enveloped both of them in it. The sky blue light lit up this dark stone room, and made it as beautiful as heaven.

This was the color and tone of a dream.



* * *





Chapter 139




Chapter 139

Chapter 139: They are all warriors who loved to fight

As the sky-blue and water-like screen gradually grew thinner and disappeared, the seductive activity going on in the stone room finally ended.

Elena was already in her inner armor. This was a very tight leather armor; it perfectly emphasized and drew out the female mercenary’s elegant, yet intriguing figure. Fei never would have thought that a woman’s figure could get to that degree of hotness – it was the type of beauty that would be impossible to move one’s eyes away after viewing it once. According to the legends, the former 【Flower of Rogue】Andariel caused even the most devoted priests to lose focus uncontrollably during their prayers; Fei believed that Elena’s charm wasn’t any less compared to Andariel.

After lightly waving her smooth white hand, the armor and bow that were sitting on the stone table far away flew onto Elena’s body as if they had their own intelligence.

The girl who was as gentle as water a moment ago had immediately returned to her valiant Valkyrie appearance. After successfully combining the strength and power of the six other NPC female mercenaries, Elena had a devastating strength at this point. She could switch in between lightning, fire, ice, and poison–the four different magic attributes. On top of the different fighting techniques she acquired, every magic attribute she had grew exponentially. Her actual combat ability had probably more than doubled; she had at least a mid-tier four-star warrior’s combat ability. At this point, her fighting ability was a bit higher than Fei if he was in his normal state.

After getting dressed, Elena’s expression didn’t change at all. She looked at Fei as if nothing had happened.

She was the only one who knew how happy she was inside. She always felt like she was a little lowly rogue; like all her sisters, she was going to die under the demons’ and monsters’ claws during the endless and hopeless fights; there was no way that she could escape her horrible fate. If it wasn’t for her belief and passion in protecting the encampment that held her up, she would have been pressured into a crazy person by this endless darkness and numbing lifestyle.

Fei’s appearance had changed her fate completely, like a warm candle light that suddenly appeared in the endless darkness.

In the destroyed Tristram, when Fei used his body to block the arrows from the Skeleton Archers that almost covered up the sky… in the basement at the monastery, when Fei used his thick chest to block the Skeletion Fighters and Shaman’s swords and blades… in the Claw Viper Temple at the Far Oasis, when Fei attracted the attention of the Blunderbores, Zombies, and Bat Demons to himself… Elena didn’t know when she fell in love with this young warrior. The love that was nourished from the bottom of her heart quickly spread though the Valkyrie’s heart like an incurable disease; it tortured her so hard that she almost even crazy.

However, Elena, who had a hard and invincible appearance, had a soft heart that was as weak as a fluttering catkin.

All of her heart was tied to Fei, and that caused her to forget about herself.

Especially after knowing that Fei’s real identity was a prestigious king in the “Light World”, Elena felt that the gap between Fei and herself had grown even wider. The existence of the pure, flower-like girl Angela, also created an abyss in Elena’s heart… She thought that the curse of the 【Flower of Rogue】was realized on her once again, but what just happened had elevated her heart that was falling down to the bottomless and dark abyss and filled with desperation into a haven.

At that moment, the crystal clear tear wasn’t due to sadness, but rather due to pure happiness.

El

ena finally let herself loose for once. She hugged onto Fei tightly with both of her arms – that was the craziest and most daring action she had ever done. Even when she was facing the female demon Andariel, Elena wasn’t even that nervous.

There were no traces of the beautiful dream left.

However, Elena felt like she was very satisfied.

This was because she received what she wanted even in her dreams – it wasn’t that moment of pleasure, but she could feel that Fei really cared about her. It was just like how Andariel decided to fall as a demon for Diablo, and even practiced vicious technique to gain power at the cost of sacrificing her beautiful face that she cared deeply about. It seemed like every girl that who got the title of 【Flower of Rogue】all had brave and warm hearts that dared to seek love hidden under their ice cold appearance. They were like moths chasing after flames; even if they ended up getting destroyed, they were willing to give up everything they had without any hesitation.

“King Alexander!”

Elena kneeled down with one knee as she lowered her head. The portion of her red hair that was hanging loose in the air swung and fluttered around in the wind.

Fei instantly understood Elena’s intent.

He lightly dragged Elena off of the floor and tightly hugged the Valkyrie, who didn’t know how to react, tightly in his arms. “As the king of Chambord and the Supreme Leader of Rogue Encampment, Elena, I’m going to take away your right to kneel down. From now on, you can only stand behind me closely. You got that?”

After listening to Fei’s peremptory and domineering speech, Elena was stunned for a few seconds. Then, a pleasantly surprised expression appeared on her face, as if she couldn’t believe what she had heard. Of course, she understood the intention behind Fei’s words; it was the happiness that she could only see, but never touch before.

The stone room shined up with smiles as if spring had arrived.

Every woman had a side of her that people didn’t know about.

Who could have thought that the godly Valkyrie that was dominating in the fight on the Peak of East Mountain would lose her invincible presence, and would be swayed by consideration of wins and losses like a little timid girl.

Fei could understand what Elena was going through.

He felt like he was the luckiest person that ever lived.

……

……

“The lowly citizens of Chambord, listen up. Drop down the suspension bridge immediately and let go of the princes that you locked up illegally. If your dumb pig King Alexander kneels as he walks out to apologize, we may spare Chambord Kingdom from getting run down to nothing!”

On the other side of the stone bridge, a man on the horse sat tall against the wind. He shouted with a disdainful look on his face.

“How dare you! Who are you? How dare you act so disrespectfully toward King Alexander?”

Silver Saint Saiya Michelle-Barak jumped onto the huge iron wheel for the suspension bridge as he asked back angrily. Tink! Tink! Tink! Tink! Behind him, all the Chambord Soldiers had mad expressions on their faces as they drew out their weapons, and all the archers strung their bows and loaded the arrows; as long as their captain commanded, they were ready to shoot out the arrows and pierce through that knight’s throat.

“Yuck, you useless pest, do you think you are qualified to ask for my name? Go and tell that Alexander to come out and kneel down to apologize!”

This brightly dressed knight said as he waved his hands. After he chanted a paragraph of obscure spells, it drifted in the air and quickly turned into a series of dense and transparent, yet visible wind blades that were positioned in front of him. As the knight waved his hand again, these wind blades shot towards the Chambord people while creating a sharp, ear-piercing, air-breaking whooshing noises.

“It’s a magic spell! He is a mage!”

Gasps immediately sounded from the crowd on Chambord’s side. Although they had experienced a hard and extremely dangerous war with the black armored enemies and Chambord’s soldiers were warriors who had seen blood and violence, the mysterious factor that mages had shocked them easily. Additionally, this enemy was obviously a high-level mage.

“Don’t panic, back off! Form into groups and create formations!!”

The five people: Michelle-Barak, Drogba, Pierce, Ivanoski and Essien all had fast reactions. They immediately grabbed the two yard tall Iron Tower Shield from the soldiers beside them and formed an iron defense wall that even wind couldn’t pass through. These Tower Shields were all war trophies from the war with the black armored enemies. Every single one of them was over a thousand pounds. Only the Saint Saiya who were reformed by the 【Hulk Potion】like Pierce were able to lift these shields up.

Dang! Dang! Dang! Dang! Dang! Dang! –

The numerous wind blade smashed onto the Tower Shields forcefully as they tore through the air, and they left a series of horrifying deep marks on the iron shields. Under the powerful strikes, even Saint Saiyas like Drogba felt their shoulders go numb and their heart start to race.

“Shoot! Quickly shoot him!! Kill that bastard with your arrows!”

As Barak shouted, the Chambord archers released the bowstrings that they were pulling tightly. Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! After a series of bowstring shaking noise, sharp arrows were shot towards the man on the horse on the other side of the bridge; there were so many arrows that they almost blocked the sunlight.

“Oh, you damn low lives, how dare you shoot at me!”

The mage on the horse became enraged. After a paragraph of magic spells and hand gestures, greenish wind blades formed a three to four yard tall translucent shield. Bang! Bang! Bang! The numerous arrow collided onto the shield; the force from the collisions pushed the mage with his horse backwards several yards. Crack! After the first round of arrows, several cracks appeared on the translucent shield. Finally, as if it was glass that was dropped on the floor, the shield broke into pieces.

“You damn low lives, do you know who I am? Damn… You guys dare to shoot at a noble mage from Zenit Empire? Dead, you guys are all dead! Your skulls will be made into urinals…”

After the first round of arrows, the mage on the horse yelled angrily as he backed off, as if he was a beast that got his ass poked with a stick.

Although he was mad, he believed that his life was more important; he got scared by this “arrow rain.”

He pulled on the horse, and the man and horse quickly rushed back to get out of the range of the arrows as the horse cried.

On the south side of the bridge, the mysterious troop finally showed itself in front of the people of Chambord. Various complex flags fluttered in the wind. The flags told the people of Chambord that this troop included several kingdoms and powerhouses. Nine fully armored knights rode their horses and led this troop; their retinues who followed them closely held up nine different flags, and the soldiers behind them all wore different styled and different colored clothing. Like nine flood streams, they slowly approached Chambord.

The mage on the horse who approached Chambord alone returned to join this troop. He pointed at the opposite side of the bridge with his whip as he said something angrily.

On the Chambord defense wall.

“It looks like it is a joined force formed by many little kingdoms: Shuani Kingdom, Lunar Kingdom, Chamb Kingdom, Derk Kingdom, Lushi Kingdom, Chishui Kingdom…” Chambord’s military commander Brook looked through each of the flags, and he quickly identified the make-up of the troops. A murderous intent appeared in his eyes, “I know why they are here… Hehe, they really don’t know where their limit is. King Alexander temporarily doesn’t want to target them, but who knew that these dumbasses would want to take back their princes by force. If we don’t let them feel pain, they will think that Chambord is a piece of delicious meat that anyone can come and take a bite out of!”

“This is an opportunity!” An excited smile appeared on the Head Minister Bast’s face. “This is a great chance to use them to train our men; get our men prepared for the military exercise.”

No one knew since when, but the two heads of military and civil affairs of Chambord loved fights; they had decided and turned up the background music and melody of this battle.



* * *





Chapter 140




Chapter 140

Chapter 140: That must be a lie!

Water was rolling, and a cold breeze was blowing.

The nine kingdom alliance army gradually came to a halt a few hundred meters away from the south bank of Zuli river. Their formation was a bit scattered. The horses were making messy noises, and their footsteps were out of sync; after stopping, even their banners were not set up upright. Even people who weren’t familiar with the military at all could tell that these were a bunch of amateurs. In comparison to the Black Armor Army from before that moved back and forth like mountains and oceans, it was hard to be convinced that this nine kingdom alliance army was actually a regular one.

However, this miscellaneous army seemed to be pretty confident in their strength.

“A one-time assault is enough to take down Chambord City and let that stupid arrogant little King Alexander kneel down and beg for mercy!” The king of Shuani Kingdom whipped his horse on the ass and said confidently.

“Pass on my order. After Chambord City falls, capture all the men from Chambord City as slaves and teach this evil country a good lesson!” Chamb Kingdom’s king already couldn’t contain his excitement, and the soldiers behind him had prepared iron chains and cages for containing slaves.

“I want that damn little king to kneel in front of my horse and beg. I heard that he has a pretty good-looking fiancée. Hehe, maybe she can clean the floor and wash the toilet when she comes over to Lunar Kingdom…” Lunar Kingdom’s elder prince raised the facial protection on his helmet and exposed a perverted smile.

“Hahahaha!”

Upon hearing the words of Lunar Kingdom’s Elder Prince, all the men laughed.

The muscular and stupid soldiers behind the kings all laughed, raising the weapons in their hand up high. Jewelry, wealth, and women – these have always been the strongest stimulants for fighters.

“However, I recommend giving Chambord City a chance. Send a messenger to tell them to immediately drop down the draw bridge and let out those rudely detained princes within one minute. Otherwise, even if we might be punished by Zenit Empire, we will still let this evil country disappear from the territorial map of Zenit.” Chishui Kingdom’s king glanced at the other kings by his side and said slowly.

The strongest army within this alliance was the Chishui Kingdom’s.

The army under Chishui King’s command was approximately six hundred people. They were the most organized team and had the highest morale among the nine teams. It even included a hundred heavy cavalry team that was self-proclaimed as the [Fire God’s Iron Fleet]. They were all covered in black iron armor and uniformly rode on a tier 4 Warcraft beast. These so-called Roaring Flame Beast tier 4 Warcraft beast looked very much like horses, but they had a sharp horn at the top of their heads. It was said to be the hybrid offspring of the sacred Unicorn beast, born with the speed of wind and could also carry an extremely heavy load. It was definitely the best mount for forming a cavalry.

It was said that the reason they were able to get that many Roaring Flame Beasts was because the last generation’s old king got really lucky and ran into a large mercenary group that was on the verge of death. He took advantage of the situation and acquired 40 or so Roaring Flame Beast cubs at a super low price. Then, after about twenty years of careful cultivation, they developed into today’s scale of over a hundred. This was also the reason why Chishui city was able to secure its tier-3 kingdom title despite having not many exceptional warriors. It was also said that even Prince Arsha

vin and Dominguez, who were in vicious fight for the throne, had both tried to extend their branches to Chishui Kingdom just because they had their eyes on the [Fire God’s Iron Fleet].

The [Fire God’s Iron Fleet] single-riding cavalries carried at least six hundred pounds of weight, yet they could still travel like the wind. If they were allowed to sprint on the field, their direct impact force could overturn even a wall. According to the legends, this heavy cavalry army was invincible among the 63 subsidiary kingdoms in the Zenit Empire.

Hearing the Chishui King speak, all other Kingdoms’ leaders weren’t completely convinced, but since the greatest power had spoken, the majority of them still agreed to this plan. It was only the aristocratic magician who were previously scared sh*tless by the wave of arrows from Chambord city who didn’t really agree to this advice; he clamored about entering right away to set the city on fire. However, this alliance army was clearly not unified. Everyone thought for themselves, and no one was an idiot. After seeing Chambord city’s dangerous terrain, they were all thinking about how to preserve their kingdom’s strength, so although they all treated the little aristocratic magician from the Royal St. Petersburg respectfully, no one really listened to him.

It was just that the arrogant leaders of the armies didn’t expect that before they even sent out their messenger, a burst of creaking noise from iron chains suddenly sounded. They saw that Chambord city had already taken the initiative to let down the draw bridge. With a loud bang, the 10-meter tall iron bridge heavily landed onto the south bank of the stone bridge. Among the skyrocketing smoke, it looked like a terrifying, yet holy dragon suddenly landed on the bank.

“The draw bridge is down… Could it be that they were scared even before the battle began and wanted to surrender?” A king arrogant laughed and said.

The smoke scattered.

The alliance army were shocked as they saw rows and rows of Chambord soldiers come out orderly and begin to get into formation. There were twenty shield soldiers in front lined in groups of two, each carrying a 3-meter tall iron-tower shield. Their steps were heavy, and each could leave behind a deep footprint. Looking at the iron-gate-like tower shields, the 9 kings and the soldiers behind them that were just mocking Chambord city suddenly felt a chill.

Behind the 20 soldiers carrying exaggerated shields were fifty archers.

In comparison to the intimidating shield soldiers, the archers didn’t look too extraordinary. They didn’t even have any complete pieces of armor on them. They were dressed in weird clothes, with dark beast skins covering their shoulder areas which carried longbows. The longbows on their back were a bit larger than usual, and everyone carried less than 100 arrows in the quivers on their back.

“The small number of archers aren’t even enough to fill the gaps in our teeth. My soldiers just need to swing their swords once and they will all be dead… Hahahaha, Chambord really is a real shabby tier 6 city, what an embarrassment!” Lunar Kingdom’s elder prince pouted and said in disdain, and the soldiers behind his back all laughed and banged the weapons in their hands in agreement.

Across from them, Chambord city continued laying their formations.

After the archers were 30 or so muscular men. They were also not wearing any armor, and the pieces of broken clothes on their body made them look like they were the definition of poverty. However, the weapons in these giant men’s hands were a little scary – everyone was holding enormous axes. The 2-meter long giant axes reflected a cold light under the sun. The design of these axes was way too exaggerated. If the axe’s body was completely forged completely with black iron, then the weight of the axes would be at least 3 to 4 hundred pounds. Normal soldiers would have trouble even lifting it.

“Oh, how is that possible? They must be made with wood and painted with black and silver dye. Fake, it must be fake!” The Black Water’s King was slightly startled as he murmured.

His view was also recognized by everyone around him, and even the wind-type magician from earlier spoke, “It’s certainly fake. Only fools would be scared by those tricks. Haha, I think that even those tower shields at the front are fake; they are probably pieces of woods nailed together!”

Having said that, the Alliance army’s morale was clearly affected by the shocking formation, as if a roaring flame was poured out by a pot of cold water. No one was thinking about charging first anymore, and everyone just stood in place.

Immediately following the giant axe wielding muscular men was a 50-unit infantry array.

This formation was more normal than the others, and it was not just a little worse in comparison to their comrades that walked out before them. The weapons in their hands were greatly diverse. One person held half of a sword, another held a bamboo stick, another held a rusty cleaver, and one even held onto a flat hammer that was usually used by blacksmiths… The formation was also a little disorganized. They varied greatly in height, and none of them were muscular. Instead of looking like soldiers, they looked more like peasants that were trying to spectate the fight with popcorn in their hands.

“Haha, look! Chambord city has finally exposed their true form. This is the real level they are at!” Someone contemptuously mocked.

“They are just a group of farmers… Fighting against this kind of an enemy is simply an insult to my army!”

“Such a country, there’s no need for it to continue to exist!”

All the leaders of the army became happy and optimistic again, looking at Chambord city as if they were looking at a circus performing.

At this moment, new changes took place again on the bridge.

A team of about 20 people arranged in a sharp cone formation slowly moved out, and every one of their bodies were completely covered in heavy knight armor. It seems like the heavy armor was staggering the soldiers’ pace, making it very difficult for them to move. They would take a break after every three steps and look out of breath. Their heavy armor didn’t even get to protect their masters before it wore them out.

“Oh my god, I think their stupid king has really gone mad. He actually had infantry units wear the armor of heavy knights…” Chishui Kingdom’s king started laughing. His laughter was filled with disdain, “The [Fire God’s Iron Fleet] just needs one breath of time to turn all these upright-walking monkeys into a pile of garbage!”

“It is a pity for these twenty or so sets of heavy knight armor to go to waste. They will all be mine now!” Shuani Kingdom grew envious; anyone could see that the armor was good equipment, and if they were equipped onto real knights, it would definitely form a powerful vanguard cavalry troop.

“Whoever grabs it first gets it!”

All the other kings’ eyes were also shining with greedy. How could they just leave such a piece of fat meat to other people?

What they didn’t know was that as they were watching the hundred or so heavy knight regiment from the opposing alliance, His Majesty Fei, who was just finishing his business in the cave and came to the scene after hearing the news, was also drooling and clamoring, “Hahaha, this is too awesome! It’s actually the entire 100 Roaring Flame Beasts; they are all going to be mine! Hahaha, they are all mine now! Pass on my order, you must capture those things alive… These kings are too enthusiastic. I just wanted them to pay a few gold coins for their princes, yet they actually came to my door to hand me such high tier equipment!”



* * *





Chapter 141




Chapter 141

Chapter 141: The Gap between Two Sides is too Big

Chambord city’s army formation was more like a festive celebration that had nothing to do with the war.

After the 22 heavily-armed soldiers finally used all of their strength and dragged themselves to the formation at the north shore, with a wave of crisp hoofs, six gorgeously decorated carriage slowly made their way over the stone bridge, each carried by four big horses, beautiful young ladies sitting above. Their laughter and beauty tickled the heart of the Alliance army soldiers. Looking at their angel-like faces, countless soldiers on the other side began drooling, and they were suddenly filled with the courage to fight.

“That dumb king, he even brought out his harem out. Is this fighting or sight seeing?”

The kings of the Alliance army all became a little dumbfounded. They’ve head that King Alexander of Chambord city was a big idiot, but didn’t he return to being normal after? Seeing the situation now, if he’s not a retard, who else would be stupid enough to bring out his wives? This was basically a military taboo, and he was basically asking for death.

The kings of the Alliance army all became very optimistic about the coming battle.

But what made them even more dumbfounded was, what followed was even more exaggerated. After those 6 carriages joined the formation, immediately behind was actually a hundred or so little kids around the age of ten. They laughed and chatted as they followed behind the carriage, bringing a few guards protecting them on the side. They lined up and stood on a little hill behind the Chambord City formation, and all of them stretched their necks and curiously looked at the enemy army.

“What is that retarded king really thinking about?”

Almost all the kings felt faint.

Just when they were feeling very puzzled, the main protagonist that everyone was expecting finally appeared. They saw Chambord city’s formation open up a two-meter-wide path in the middle, and then a black-haired young man in a white fluttering robe, with an unspeakable kind of posture, crotch riding a strong and burly black “horse”, slowly appearing from the stone bridge. Along the path opened up by the soldiers, he came to the front.

Fei’s appearance successfully attracted the attention of the opposing allied leaders.

“Is this idiot the Chambord city king?” Almost all the kings instantly compared their own heroic self-image to this young person in front of them, and after a quarter of a second they immediately came up with a surprisingly consistent conclusion. “Although this guy has good looks and temperament, but from the Chambord city’s battle formation perspective, this Alexander King is clearly a peasant… No, calling him peasant is even too light. They must use the name that was previously accepted by the entire empire – retard! Since that’s the case, then how can a retard be compared to the mighty me? Yep, it’s just that that big black co- I mean horse looks pretty mighty. It should be a mutated species, its mighty look suits the mighty me!”

Arf arf arf!

As if it sensed the unwanted attention projected onto it by those kings of the Alliance army, [Black Whirlwind] barked and issued the most severe warning.

Puff~

Across from Chambord, almost two thousand people all invariably sprayed out water in their mouth. A few kings that were “severely” shocked even almost fell off their house. Oh god, that…… is actually a dog? How can there be such a big dog? The kings on the horses were busy wiping their eyes on horsebacks, and the two thousand or so soldiers also began chatting unbelievab

ly. That big idiot king of Chambord city is way too crazy, he actually rode a big dog and came out… The taste is really… unique…

[Black Whirlwind] felt pretty satisfied with the little chaos it caused, so it “arf arf arf” barked a few more times.

And after that, even the people with the slowest reflex could finally confirm – Chambord city’s King was indeed riding a dog.

And at the same time, Fei’s eyes were also red as he drooled while looking at the Alliance army.

In his eyes, this group of vicious-looking guys came to deliver weapons and treasure! Although Chambord city’s soldier’s strength was recently greatly improved, due to its remote location and poor mineral reserves, there isn’t enough steel to forge weapons, armor and weapons had always been scarce. Until now, besides the original king’s guards, there wasn’t enough to form a 100-men fully-armed infantry army. If it wasn’t for defeating the Black Armor Army and looting some weapons and armor from before, then right now Fei really would have no choice but to carry a bunch of peasants holding farming tools to go and fight the enemy.

Just when Fei was thinking about how to greet these “charity donors”, among the Alliance Army, Chishui Kingdom’s king riding on the roaring flame beast slowly walked out of the formation, contemptuously glanced over the Chambord City crowd for a while, and then shouted, “Where’s the King of Chambord city?”

He obviously saw Fei and also recognized his identity, but he deliberately pretended to not know it.

Fei also wasn’t angry, he smiled and patted [Black Whirlwind] on the ass, then the big black dog growled and slowly walked up.

“All nine kingdoms allied to come visit me, could it be to fulfill the war compensation agreement signed by the prince? Did you bring enough gold coins?” Fei completely disregarded the aggressive alliance army that stood in front of the city.

“Hahahaha, arrogant! I think you’ve gone insane. Just a little tier 6 subsidiary kingdom dares to ask for war compensation? You think you can conspire to capture the princes and blackmail us? You must’ve gone mad from being too poor!” Chishui’s King started laughing out loud as if he heard the funniest joke, “I give you ten days to hand back the captured princes, and then surrender all royal treasures, and one hundred maids as compensation. Otherwise…” He pointed at the nine kingdom alliance army behind his back and shouted triumphantly, “Otherwise today we will burn your Chambord city to the ground into ashes!”

“How does that make sense? Your twelve kingdom’s princes openly destroyed the King’s Altar during the crowning ceremony, it’s already light to ask for compensation, and you still dare to bring army to invade? Do you still have the honor of a warlord?” Fei pretended to be dumb and replied.

“The glory of warlord only belongs to the victor!” Chishui’s King laughed, “Your little Chambord city, don’t flatter yourself.”

Fei kept his calm expression and purposely tried to provoke them, “Since there’s no compensation, then why are you guys here? To suicide? Now the King I give you all one last chance, pay the amount that was stated on the compensation agreement and I will spare your lives today, or I won’t even give you guys the chance to cry under the sharp edges of Chambord City’s Bylaw Enforcement Officers!”

“Go f*ck yourself! You little retard whose brain is crawling with maggots, looks like there’s no need for Chambord city to exist anymore…” Chishui’s King didn’t expect the king of a little tier 6 kingdom dare to go against him, especially that attitude of not taking him seriously, it made his rage skyrocket, “What the f*ck are bylaw enforcement officers. My [Fire God’s Iron Fleet] just needs one chance, and I can make your Chambord city disappear into smoke!”

“Arf arf arf… ROAR!!”

The big black dog became furious seeing its master being humiliated. Waves of fierce light shot out from its eyes, and a beast-like roar was issued from its throat. A ferocious atmosphere was suddenly released out of its body, and all happening in an instant. Then the Roaring Flame Beast below Chishui King’s crotch, as if scared by a high tier magic beast or something, suddenly softened its legs and fell to the ground while white foam began coming out of its mouth. All the horses under the other kings all suddenly panicked and began moving back!

The Chishui kingdom king that was high up there just a second ago became like a wooden man. He was caught off guard by the roars and the horse screams, and fell head-first from the Roaring Flame Beast, covering his face with dust, being embarrassed in front of the entire Alliance army.

Who would’ve thought that a dog could have that much power. One roar was enough to terrify a tier-4 magic beast to shit itself. The alliance army only felt that it was not a dog that was standing in front of them, but a powerful tier-7 magic beast. That violent and dangerous atmosphere made every single one of their hairs stand on end.

“Ahahaha! Look, their stupid king almost died from falling!”

A wave of laughter came from Chambord city’s camp. Even the kids that stood on the hill further away were also clapping and laughing, and those soldiers that were originally a bit nervous were also affected by the funny atmosphere. Each one of them started clamming the weapons in their hands together and cheered in ridicule, with the army morale climbing insanely.

Fei was also shocked for a second.

Good dog!!

He intimately caressed the dog’s head. He didn’t think that this bastard actually had this skill, one roar could retire a mighty force, looks like he still underestimated this bastard in the past. Then, he suddenly thought, if he uses the [Hulk Potion] to feed some other animals, would he be able to breed more mutated species like the big black dog? Or maybe even breed a black dog cavalry regiment?

“Danger! Protect the king!”

Seeing their own king falling from the enemy dog’s bark, Chishui kingdom’s soldiers suddenly felt their faces burning like someone threw shit at their faces. They were scared that the enemies would take this opportunity to launch an attack so 20 guards immediately rushed to the king and formed a defensive formation and escorted the king back to their camp. Who knew, during this entire escorting process, Chambord city’s people were watching the scene as if it was a comedy and completely didn’t mind whatever the Alliance army was doing, making the Alliance army’s vigilant formation look as ridiculous as a bunch of desperate whores trying to show their slutty side towards blind people.

“Ahhhhhhhh! F*ck! Attack! Kill them all!”

The Chishui King pushed away the guards as furious as a lion that got his mate stolen during sex. He immediately jumped back onto another Roaring Flame Beast, pulled out his sword and waved. Then, the [Fire God’s Iron Fleet] began advancing in an arc towards Chambord city. They wanted to pull the charging distance to maximize the impact of the cavalry’s impact. At the same time, a hundred or so infantry units with long spears and shields also roared and began their assault!

The murderous force shot right into the sky.

The battle began.

Boom boom boom boom boom-!!

Chishui’s soldiers ran at a neat rhythm, from the initial slow start to gradually becoming faster, and the earth began trembling under their feet. They were worthy of being the strongest armed forces among the Alliance army, each soldier wearing light armor, holding a kite shield in the left hand, carrying a two-meter long javelin at a 35-degree angle in their right. The sharp tip of the spear flashed with a chilling feel under the sun. Using the momentum of running, such a spear, if thrown was enough to instantly penetrate four or five enemies.

On the yellow grassland, the running soldiers were like a rolling torrent.

When both sides’ gap was closed to fifty meters, the javelins could be thrown, and it would be a kiss of death.

Or maybe before the [Fire God’s Iron Fleet] arrives, just with these hundred spearmen would be enough to finish Chambord city’s peasants… Look at those group of trash soldiers, did they really come here to fight? The gap between two sides is just too big!

Almost every king in the alliance army thought this way.



* * *





Chapter 142




Chapter 142

Chapter 142: Hurry and Grab the Bodies

One hundred yards… seventy yards… sixty yards…

The distance was getting shorter and shorter.

As the distance decreased, everyone’s hearts started to race, and they hoped that the scene they wanted to see would happen.

A vicious and venomous expression appeared on the king of Chishui Kingdom’s face. He never thought that a dog could scare him off of his horse and make him lose face in front of all his peers. He tightly gripped his swords as he swore to chop that black dog into pieces when he conquered this castle. He laughed as the Lance and Shield Formation slowly approached his opponent’s formation. He could foresee the scene of all the dirty low lives in Chambord whining and dying under the lances, as well as the king of Chambord kneeling on the ground, begging to give up his royal treasures and fiancée, who was rumored to be a peerless beauty…

“Archers… get ready!”

A red signaling flag stood on the hill that Fei was standing on as a loud shout sounded from Chambord’s troops. Squeak… A series of sounds that came from bowstrings being drawn made some of the soldiers’ hairs stand up. The fifty archers behind the tower shields placed arrows on their bows as they pulled their bowstrings. Every bow was pulled into a full moon shape, with the point of the arrow being aimed at the Lance and Shield Formation from Chishui Kingdom.

What made the spectators surprised was that all these archers didn’t angle their shots upward. They used flat shorts, which were arrows that travelled parallel to the ground once they were shot out.

“Hahaha, they really don’t know what they are doing!”

Some soldiers in the Alliance Army instantly started to laugh and scorn Chambord. During battles and wars, archers weren’t the main players. The situation often changed, so even god-tier archers would only have limited utility. Archers had the most terrifying impact moments before two armies engaged each other. Their ability to injure many soldiers and their wide firing range could result in enemies suffering heavy casualties before the armies even reached each other.

However, if archers wanted to achieve this result, they had to aim their arrows at an upwards angle. These arrows would strike down at the opposing army as the upward force was cancelled out by gravity; this was the most effective method to injure enemies who were charging forwards with shields in their hands.



“These Chambord idiots actually chose to use flat shots!”

This was just too rudimentary of a mistake!

“Flat shots only pose a threat to soldiers at the very front. During a battle where situations change by the second, both armies won’t give enemy archers the chance to pull on their bowstrings a third time. Wasting time and an opportunity is equivalent to joking with their own soldiers’ lives… unless… unless each and every one of these archers are god-tier archers who never miss a shot! However, haha, how is that possible?

“Hahaha, the victory is ours! We have overestimated these dumb and vulgar farmers…”

The king of Shuani Kingdom laughed out loud.

However, at the next moment, his laughter suddenly paused, as if he was a rooster who had its neck pinched by someone during its morning call. His laughter was stuck in his throat as a shocked expression appeared on his face.

“Shoot!”

Bang! Bang! Bang! After an angry roar, a series of vibrating noises resonated on the bridge. Fifty sharp arrows made whooshing, air-piercing noises as the white feathers at the end of the arrows drew fifty parallel white lines in the air. Like bloodthirsty insects, they almost instantly penetrated Chishui Kingdom’

s soldiers who were charging at Chambord.

Crack! Crack! Crack!

A series of noises sounded as the arrows penetrated through bones and flesh. Fifty of the Chishui Kingdom’s soldiers who were charging at the very front fell in unison as if they were crops that were harvested by a farmer’s sickle. The big circular shields in their hands didn’t provide them with any protection. The merciless arrows pierced through the very small half-circular peeking holes on the shields and struck through the soldiers’ heads. These fifty lives were instantly lost; they didn’t even have time to let out whines or screams.

Fifty arrows took away fifty souls!



The whole battlefield quieted down; a strange and breath-taking atmosphere instantly took over.

Dang!

The king of Chishui Kingdom’s mouth opened wide subconsciously as his sword slid out of his powerless hands.

“God… God… God-tier archers? Are all of them god-tier archers?” Someone screamed as if he saw the Goddess of Life running naked in front of him.

“No! Who could it be?”

All the kings and generals in the Alliance Army felt like a cold breeze had instantly gone up their buttholes and rushed into their throats, instantly freezing their bodies. Even the horses they were riding on felt the sensation of death. They neighed as they backed off anxiously and uncontrollably. “This is crazy! Is there anything else this crazy? A poor little kingdom that can’t even afford to buy armor for its soldiers has fifty god-tier archers? How is this possible?

Bang! Bang! Whoosh! Whoosh!

The archers didn’t give the kings in the Alliance Army too much time to think. Soon, a second wave of bowstring vibrating noises sounded, which woke up the leaders of the Alliance Army as they were deep in shock.

Crack! Crack! Crack!

There wasn’t any difference between the first and second wave of arrows. After the fifty bowstring vibrating noises, fifty flesh- and bone-piercing sounds quickly followed. Those were the only noises on the battlefield, and it was a dead melody. Everyone in the Alliance Army felt that Hades, the god of death, was swinging an invisible sickle and harvesting each life on the battlefield.

Fifty yards!

That distance was an impeccable and invisible defensive wall.

This was because fifty meters from Chambord’s formations, there were a hundred corpses lying on the ground.



Every infantry had their vital spots penetrated, including their throats, eyes, and foreheads. These were the spots that couldn’t be protected by their circular shields, since they had to check their enemies’ response when they charged. These vital spots, which were less than the size of their palms, could normally drastically reduce the effectiveness of archers. No one on the Alliance Army’s side could have foreseen that these vitals spot that were left out would result in the death of a hundred strong soldiers.

Everyone on the Alliance Army’s side gasped in shock as they saw the hundred corpses on the bridge. Almost every one of them wiped their eyes and hoped that they were hallucinating. “How could this be possible? After two rounds of arrows shot out by fifty archers, a hundred elite lance and shield soldiers were killed. Even though there were a lot of veterans in the Alliance Army who been to many battles and wars, they shook and sweated profusely. It wasn’t right to call this a miracle; it was better to call this a horrifying nightmare! It was terrifying!

The king of Chishui Kingdom’s heart was dripping blood. This kind of blood loss was vast and severe.

There was no way that he wouldn’t feel any pain. This was a hundred elite lance and shield soldiers! They were his trump card and backbone formation during battles. One reason why he let this formation charge in was because he saw that Chambord’s formations were messy and soft; another reason was because he wanted to showcase the strength of his elite troops in front of the other kingdoms. The last reason was because he wanted to have more authority and more spoils of war when the Alliance Army conquered Chambord and divided up the seized resources. He never would have thought that a hundred of his elite soldiers would turn into corpses before they finished a single charge and struck their lances once!

He felt like someone had carved out a piece of his heart from his chest with a sharp knife.

“Ahhhhhh… I’m so mad!” the king of Chishui Kingdom swayed on his horse as he felt his blood pressure increasing and his head dizzying; he almost fell off of his ride and landed on his head.

God-tier archers!

A total of fifty god-tier archers.



“Does Chambord Kingdom have a total of fifty god-tier archers?”

No one could laugh anymore at the fifty poor archers on Chambord’s side who weren’t even properly dressed in armor. This fact was way too shocking. Every single god-tier archer had a high status and was a valuable resource; many affiliated kingdoms and even empires fought over these kinds of talents. Who could have thought that a small level 6 affiliated kingdom would have fifty of them? It was unheard of! At that moment, no one dared to make any noise. They were afraid that they might attract the attention of the fifty killers on the other side of the bridge; if these killers’ bowstrings vibrated again, they would be turned into “hedgehogs”.

At almost the same time, most of the people in the Alliance Army wanted to retreat.

They only had about two thousand people. When facing fifty god-tier archers, they weren’t even enough for those archers to practice on. With about forty arrows from each archer, all of them would be going to hell without any chance of escaping.

Fei, who was riding the big black dog, was so delighted that his teeth almost fell out of his mouth.

He had used six bottle of [Hulk Potion]. He mixed the potion in with these archer’s daily meals and slowly changed these archer’s ability. Since these fifty archers consumed small doses of potion each meal, all six bottles were depleted after two weeks. After these soldier’s body were completely strengthened, Fei asked the female rogue mercenaries to teach them archery. This was the first time that Fei’s secret weapon was used, and the fifty strong archers had instantly shocked the arrogant Nine-kingdom Alliance Army.

“Are you guys dumb? Why are you guys standing here? Follow me to seize the corpses and their weapons!”

Fei shouted and commanded the big black dog. He was the first one to rush out of Chambord’s formation; Chambord’s fifty scattered law enforcement officers were also woken up by Fei’s shout; they were shocked by Chambord’s archers as well. They threw away the sticks and wood axes in their hands without hesitation and cheered as they rushed to the corpses. They were like a pack of hungry wolves who had just seen a white rabbit. They followed the big black dog and sprinted so quickly that the bottom of their shoes almost caught on fire.



“What are they trying to do?” Someone in the Alliance Army asked dumbfoundedly.

“Damn it! Charge! Stop them! They are trying to rob me…” The king of Chishui Kingdom felt like he was going crazy. He instantly understood Fei’s intention. These low lives were so poor that they were going to take the weapons and armors from the corpses. “This is too shameful! They aren’t even letting go of dead people.” The King of Chishui Kingdom thought as he screamed, “Ahhhhhhh…… Shoot your arrows, quickly! Kill them!”

Most of the leaders in the Alliance Army realized what was going on. They quickly commended their archers to shoot.



* * *





Chapter 143




Chapter 143

Chapter 143: The Mighty Bylaw Enforcement Officers

Arrows like rain.

But the location of the dead bodies was a bit too far from the camp of the nine kingdom Alliance army, and it had already exceeded the effective range of the bows. The sparse arrows being shot out landed on the ground in a crooked manner, as if there was a light drizzle and they simply couldn’t pose any threat for Fei’s army.

Big Black Dog excitedly barked as it carried Fei, flying back and forth like black smoke. This back and forth trip could transport back 6 bodies, and the other Bylaw Enforcement Officers were all working hard too! Each of them pick up two bodies and the equipment and the ground, and then they began running back right away…

In less than 10 minutes, the bodies of the 100 spear and shield soldiers from the Chishui Kingdom were all robbed back to the Chambord city camp.

These people were really something else, not even leaving behind a helmet for the Chishui King.

After everyone retreated, His Majesty the King rode on the back of the big black dog and shouted, “Hehehehe, His Royal Highness God of War taught us wasting is unforgivable. Hurry, there’s still a spear over there, someone go grab it for me!”

Two skinny bylaw enforcement officers heard it and immediately ran back, retrieving that last long spear that was on the ground, waving at the Alliance Army kings as if showing off, and then turning around, taking off their pants, and patted their butts towards those “great” kings…

Seeing the grass floating across the empty field, the Chishui’s King was about to cry.

The Chambord City’s Bylaw Enforcers were almost like a bunch of bandits, a group of hungry rats! Wherever they’ve been, they won’t even leave behind a single hair for you. At this moment, the battlefield where the infantry units died on had been cleared, with only grass and blood stains on the ground.

Too shameless!

All the kings of the Alliance Army were all dumbfounded.

Of course, it wasn’t like the Alliance Army didn’t take any measures during the process to stop them.

But those 50 godly bow masters were retardedly strong. Those 50 long bows were like the 50 scythes of the grim reaper, firmly suppressed more than 2000 people. Whoever dared to move forward a little would be immediately filled with arrows like a hedgehog. Even those that carried giant shields became useless. These arrows, as if having eyes or something, could reach them from all kinds of unexpected angles through gaps, look-holes, and onto their feet.

The menacing force of 2000 could only watch as the Chambord City’s Bylaw Enforcers robbed everything.

After Chambord City transported all the dead bodies to their territory, the 100 [Fire God’s Iron Fleet] units were an entire thousand meters away from the battlefield. They were in the process of grouping up and preparing to launch the iron hammer impact. These heavily armed units that weren’t scared of arrows went too far, so they couldn’t provide any help from the beginning to the end.

The Alliance army’s morale was like a stock graph during a recession, plummeting!

Whereas the atmosphere at Chambord City was exactly the opposite.

The 50 Bylaw Enforcers stripped those Chishui Kingdom’s dead soldiers clean of their equipment in laughter, and then started wearing them in front of the Alliance Army’s face. Then they raised their kite shields, tightly gripped the long spears and shouting in sync, instantly transformed from a bunch of scattered peasants into a fully armed elite infantry squad.

Fei laughed.

He thought to name them Bylaw Enforcers was really a genius mov. At least in terms of robbing, these bad boys really lived up to their name, 100% worthy of t

heir name! (TL: in China, the bylaw enforcers have a reputation of being ass holes and taking the citizens’ things in the name of “law”)

“Haha, thank the Chishui Kingdom’s king for his generosity!” Fei ordered as he tried to deliberately piss off the already pissed off Chishui King.

“Thank you Chishui’s king for gifting us armor, weapon and shields!!”

“Man, these looks damn good on me!!”

“Heyyyyyy, I still need a broadsword here, the generous Chishui king, can you send a sword over?”

All these words came out so nature from these Bylaw Enforcers’ mouths. After a series of shouts, a lot of people from the Alliance Army were already smoking out of their forehead from rage!

“Ahhhhhhh!!!” Chishui’s King had completely gone mad. He became incoherent as if he getting a seizure. He already couldn’t wait for the [Fire God’s Iron Fleet] behind him to charge up. Suddenly he trembled as he grabbed the neck of the Shuani Kingdom’s King and shouted, “Hurry and attack, command your heavy infantry units to attack, attack…”

There was indeed a 200-men heavy infantry squad under Shuani’s King’s command.

Although the heavy infantry squad moved very slowly, their body was covered with armor. If they pulled down their masked helmets to protect their face, then besides their wrists or ankles, the armor on their body could stop most arrows. If they go all out against the arrow rain and move forward, then it shouldn’t be a problem for more than half of them to get to the Chambord city’s archers alive and then kill them… But, the problem was that the Shuani Kingdom’s king also didn’t want to lose these troops… This regiment of 200 heavy-armor infantry troops was also his treasure.

It’s just that in front of the angry Chishui King who already lost his mind, he had no choice but to yield.

In the face of violent authority, even treasure must be abandoned. Otherwise, Shuani Kingdom was merely a tier 5 subsidiary kingdom. The consequence of pissing off a tier-3 big kingdom was not something Shuani could take.

Just when the Shuani Kingdom King’s heart began dripping blood as he was about to order his troops to advance, an unexpected change took place at the camp across from them – those 50 godly archers suddenly put away their bows, turned around, split into two groups and then ran. They actually just left the Chambord City’s army’s formation.

“Ah, can’t do it anymore… My fingers are almost bleeding, it f*cking hurts, can’t shoot anymore!”

“I know! Let’s get the f*ck out!”

The kings of the Alliance army vaguely heard some of the conversations the Chambord city archers were having as they fled while waving their fingers in pain. These archers ran their ass home like scared rabbits, plunged right into the distant hills and disappeared immediately, don’t even know where they went…

Chishui’s King and Shuani’s King exchanged a dull look at each other.

Everyone was already dumbfounded by what just happened.

In fact, everything that happened today at Chambord city already made the commanders of the Alliance army lose their minds.

They were almost driven mad from being played by their opponent!

“Charge! Hurry and charge!” Shuani’s king was the first one to react. Doesn’t matter if it was that idiot Chambord king’s trap, now that those 50 grim reapers were no longer here, everyone at the Alliance Army felt that the sky suddenly brightened, and the air also became fresher. They can finally breath comfortably.

“Who cares what he has up his sleeves, take this opportunity and defeat the Chambord City first! Then even if those 50 archers come back later, there will be nothing they can do!”

That was almost the uniform idea of all the kings of the Alliance Army.

After receiving the order, those 200 heavy armed infantry soldiers of the Shuani Kingdom carried a broadsword in each hand and advanced at steady pace. This was like a horrible steel tsunami, and even the Earth began to tremble under their feet. The one that walked at the front of the formation was a 2-meter tall general. Dirt yellow energy light shined below his armor. This was actually a 2-star earth-style user.

“Attack!” The Earth-style warrior grinned.

Because there was no more pressure from those archers, all the heavy armed infantry units walked arrogantly like generals, completely fearless and even lifting up their protective masks. They walked in organized steps while banging their broadswords against their breastplates. The uniform metal-hitting sound soared into the sky, creating a chilling and terrifying atmosphere.

This was indeed a fine army that couldn’t be underestimated.

Other then the formation being a little loose and the moral being a little too arrogant, but in terms of oppression and impact, it was almost on par with the Black Armor Troops from before. Looks like this Shuani Kingdom also had a pretty solid foundation. Comparing them to Chambord city, Fei’s army seemed to be poorer than ever.

“Charge!”

The Lunar Kingdom’s elder prince saw this opportunity, he also waved his sword in excitement and commanded the hundred broadsword troops to follow Shuani Kingdom’s army and assault. Those dozen beautiful young girls on the six carriages in front of them already made their blood run wild, they just wanted to immediately rush over and capture them all and then fiercely ravage them.

Seeing this scene, the other Kings also became excited.

When faced with the 50 godly archers, none of them dared to be the first to raise their head, but now being presented such a big opportunity to take advantage of, none of them wanted to be behind others, fearing that all the good loot would be robbed by other kingdoms. They all wanted to be the first one to charge into Chambord city and lavishly rob everything, and also capture those beautiful girls on those carriages.

“Charge up! Capture the Chambord’s king alive!”

“Kill! You will own anything you can grab!”

“Hahahaha, boys, did you see those little sluts on those carriages? Everyone has a share!”

At this moment, all the men of the Alliance army became blood-boiled. Victory was close at hand, and those aristocratic kings that were usually elegant and high up there also exposed their vulgarity and brutality. They made vulgar statements to boost army morale, face covered in grins, each like greedy devils that crawled out of hell.

“Capture that little king! I want to make his head into a wine glass!! Let Chambord city’s royal palace disappear in flames!!” Chishui’s King who lost more than 100 spearmen issued a vicious curse.



* * *





Chapter 144




Chapter 144

Chapter 144: An Unforgettable Scene

On the top of Chambord city wall.

The Empire’s Eldest Princess Tanasha stayed behind in the city after the battle of Eastern Mountain, but her intentions were unknown. No one knew when she appeared on top of the city wall. The female swordsman Susan and knight captain Romain guarded her left and right sides, and twenty fully armed knights stood behind her back.

“Your Highness, should I go and order them to stop their attack?”

The knight captain Romain frowned. Seeing the rolling torrent-like alliance army coming from afar and comparing them to those 100 peasant-like soldiers on Chambord City’s side made him a little worried. He didn’t know what the seemingly-wise King Alexander was doing, but no matter what, voluntarily removing 50 godly archers from battle was simply a flop in the battleplan. As an experienced tactical master, Romain held authority in this area. If those 50 archers were under his command, he was confident that he could wipe out the entire Alliance army in the shortest time possible.

“It’s a match between a group of dumb pigs and a lion, so there’s no need for our interference.” The Eldest Princess shook her head, “Romain, today you might notice something. Ty your best to remember King Alexander’s combat style. Maybe there will be use in the future!”

“Yes, your Highness!” The knight captain bowed, but he still frowned, “The gap in number is still pretty significant, since Chambord city is facing the nine kingdoms’ alliance!”

“Nine-kingdom Alliance? Hehe, Romain, you are really overestimating them. I don’t see a nine-kingdom Alliance. All I see are a bunch of fools that have been corrupted after being under the empire’s umbrella for too long. A little tier-3 subsidiary kingdom and a few even smaller tier-5 and 6 kingdoms… hehe, their royal families’ brains have already been crawling with maggots after being in a peaceful environment for too long. Besides drinking and sex, there’s nothing else they are good at. The land of Azeroth is just like a jungle full of danger, and those people have long been degraded into brainless fat pigs. If it wasn’t for the Empire’s blessing, they would have already become fresh meat under other “beasts”, losing the qualification to continue surviving in this jungle. They have long lost the glory and responsibility a true kingdom should bear. Even if you randomly pick out a small group leader in the empire’s [Iron Blood Camp], he would still be a hundred times smarter than this group of so-called kings put together. If Alexander can’t even handle this little problem, then he’s not worthy of being the man that defeated the cold-blooded female devil Paris!”

The Eldest Princess surprisingly said a lot.

Compared to the current situation of Chambord city, she was more worried about the difficulty faced by Zenit Empire.

If the subsidiary kingdoms had fallen to such an extent, then the empire’s combat strength and foundation was already unknowingly rotting. However, those nobles and princes in the empire were still keen to fight for power and cause internal strife and did not notice the upcoming crisis at all. King Yaxing the Great’s body was worsening day by day, and the empires at the border like the tier-1 Spartac Empire, tier-1 Light Empire, tier-2 Saint Germain Empire and tier 3 Lyon Empire were are all eyeing Zenit Empire greedily and getting ready to attack. The seemingly-peaceful Zenit Empire that was filled with singing and dancing was already shaking in the wind, at risk of being destroyed any moment.

Zenit Empire’s situation was far worse than Chambord city’s current situation.

The reason why the Eldest Princess stayed bac

k in Chambord City, besides the shock and curiosity she felt towards the little king Alexander and wanting to convince him to join her side, she also wanted to see how this magical little king organized the messy Chambord city. Perhaps she could learn something interesting from this trip and use it later for her big brother Arshavin to win the throne.

Indeed, reality did not disappoint the Eldest Princess.

Although it had only been less than half a month, this little King’s strange administrative systems, as well as the incredible twelve bronze warrior statues caused the Eldest princess to be unbelievably shocked. The content on the twelve bronze warrior statues were perfect, and it was very hard for the Eldest Princess to believe that it came from the hands of a young man that just turned 18 years old. She couldn’t find any flaws in these laws, and they could be brought straight back to Zenit Empire… Unfortunately, the Eldest Princess was also wise enough to know, that if she implemented this system in the present Zenit Empire’s situation, it would encounter so much resistance that not even the Zenit Empire king could afford to bear.

In this respect, the Elder Princess was a bit envious of Alexander. The little Chambord city was completely under his control, and he could do whatever he wanted. The Eldest Princess already knew how Fei used someone else’s knife to murder, eliminating the opposing nobles in the country with the help of the Eastern Mountain Top Battle, and this also proved how magical this little king was. If anyone dared to underestimate him, they would probably not even know how they died.

Although the scene in front of her looked breathtaking, all she needed to do was show her presence to cause the so-called nine-kingdom alliance army to retreat immediately. However, she didn’t want to do that. The little Chambord city king Alexander already delivered too much shock to her previously, so the Eldest Princess was certain that without a doubt, an unexpected twist would appear.

Besides, with that guy’s strength, even if the 2000 soldiers got to him, there would be no difference. With the dog under his feet and two swords in his hands, even if he was alone, it would still be enough to kill these two thousand people.

The invincible and fierce image of Fei at the Eastern Mountain Top Battle had already been deeply engraved in the Eldest Princess’s heart.

…

…

Seeing the torrent-like enemies charging towards him, Fei scratched his chin and laughed. It looked like placing a bunch of beautiful girls could indeed easily stimulate men’s hormones. Now that everyone in the Alliance Army had lost their minds, they suddenly didn’t even care about their lives anymore.

At the top of the hill, the red command flag began flapping in the wind.

Chambord city’s formation began changing in silence, and the dozen giant iron shield towers were quickly withdrawn. Then, those 30 muscular men holding two giant axes in their hands voluntarily began welcoming the charging enemies.

It looked like that was the only change the Chambord army would make to their formation.

30 versus 1500.

The couldn’t be a bigger disparity in terms of numbers.

It’s just like an almost dried up river going up against a rolling waterfall, or a little dog that just learned how to walk going up against a lion in heat – with such a big difference, it seemed like there was no difference between sending these 30 warriors to battle or straight to hell. There wasn’t even enough time for the king to run away. It was safe to assume that they wouldn’t even make a ripple before they were swallowed whole by the opposing heavy armor warriors, without even a leaving any bones behind.

However, even though they seemed to have an absolute advantage, 0after experiencing the previous battle, these kings that were regarded by the Eldest Princess as retarded pigs, ultimately kept a little calm.

They didn’t all whip their horse’s asses and charge forward, but rather stayed at their original positions and observed the situation while being surrounded by their guards.

Every king cautiously saved a portion of their troops; even the already insane Chishui Kingdom king calmed down, waved his hand and stopped the [Fire God’s Iron Fleet]’s charge, telling them to be on standby.

Of course, it might not have much to do with being wise; rather, it might have just been the cowardly having exceptional caution against danger.

The leaders became afraid after the last fight.

In the battlefield, the two armies were less than 50 meters apart, and the high-speed running soldiers could all see the grimy and murderous faces of the enemies. They could even see the boogers in their enemies’ nostrils. The earth-style warrior that charged at the very front waved the broadsword in his hand, gradually accelerated his steps and beckoned to promote morale as yellow flames began surging over his whole body.

There were less than 30 meters.

At this moment –

Roar!!!

No one would have thought that the first ones to strike would actually be the giant axe warriors from Chambord city. Every one of them suddenly roared towards the sky, as if 30 lightning strikes hit the field. Before the enemies could even react, they only saw that the muscular men’s formation suddenly scattered into a straight horizontal line. Then, every one of them suddenly changed their grip to the end of the axe. With the momentum of their charge, they spun in a circle like a gyro as they threw out their giant axe.

Woooooo~

The high-speed rotating axes suddenly tore through space and flew right into the incoming heavily-armed infantry units.

The Shuani kingdom soldiers that were originally running happily at the very front instantly cried.

What the f*ck!

Who would’ve thought that these guys would suddenly pull this move? In this situation, they actually dared to throw the only weapon in their hands.

The most arrogant earth-style warrior that was charging at the very front barely laid on the ground in cold sweat. His helmet was directly blown away by the sharp wind. Then, he immediately heard a burst of bone-shattering sounds from armor and weapons being broken. Then the ground became filled with blood and limbs. He was expecting to be trampled over by his own troops that were running right behind him, but that didn’t happen. He turned around and looked in surprise, and then he saw an unforgettable scene-



* * *





Chapter 145




Chapter 145

Chapter 145 Giant Axe and Magical Arrows

Thirty huge axes that rotated at a high speed in the air were like kisses from the devil; they only brought destruction wherever they went. The soldiers in heavy armours were separated into two easily, as if they were soft tofu. They were all shocked to see their own bodies chopped in half with their lower bodies still charging forward, while their upper bodies remained behind in the air. The huge amount of force directly penetrated through soldiers’ bodies. Their armour, long swords, and torn limbs flew into the air with the blades and axes. The blood that spurted into the air had dyed the blue sky red. No one could block these vicious deadly axes. Terrified screams resonated on the battlefield after a short moment of time. Some people only had their limbs torn off and didn’t die right away, so they held onto their wounds and screamed and whined……

This was like a living hell on earth.

The Earth Attributed Warrior had been to many wars and battles, but it was his first time to see anything this bloody and cruel. A leg fell beside him. The warrior recognized the leg, it belonged to one of his peers. That soldier was laughing viciously three seconds ago, banging his sword on his armour, and couldn’t wait to rush into Chambord to plunder it dry. All that was left of him were some chipped bones and flesh.

The rotating axes smashed out a path of death that was about thirty yards in length and five yards in width. . After the devastating force on them were all used up, they slowed down and then fell to the ground.

Only one strike from Chambord caused the two hundred heavy armoured infantry from Shuani Kingdom to suffer casualties one quarter of their size.

The survivors were showered by the “bloody rain” and their amours and inner clothes were all soaked. Chipped bones and flesh also covered the surface of their bodies. The death and the bloodiness had scared them, and also numbed them. With the screams from their peers who were severely injured still resonating in their ears, the soldiers in the Alliance Army who charged at Chambord fell into a temporary state of terror and hesitation. But soon, they recovered and braved themselves up as they roared and continued their charge because the thirty strongmen in front of them were weaponless after they threw out their axes.

“Charge and kill them! Get revenge for our brothers!”

The Earth Attributed Warrior got up from the ground as he roar angry and charged at forefront.

However –

The actions the thirty strongmen took made the soldiers in the Alliance Army feel like they had been treated very wrongly. The thirty strongmen who were very dominating and had a strong presence protected their heads with hands as they separated themselves into two groups of fifteen people each. After that, they moved their legs and sprinted away. Without the burden of those heavy axes, these thirty people ran faster than rabbits. In a few seconds, they got away from the attack range of the Alliance Army. They rushed into the green and yellow bushes far away and disappeared as if it was a miracle!

“Shit!”

“You bastards!”

“You cowards and bugs!”

“You shameful deserter!”

The soldiers in the Alliance Army and the kings were super mad and pissed when they saw the strongmen escaping. Their hearts skipped a beat and almost puked up a mouthful of blood. After they suffered such a huge lose and from these thirty strongmen who threw out their axes, they wanted to fight back. But before they could strike back and make the trade even, their opponents escaped without any sense of pride or dignity. It felt like concentrating everything in one punch and missing the target right away after that; it felt really strange and made the Alliance fe

el very powerless.

The good news for them was that the king of Chambord didn’t escape.

Fei quickly became the target for the hatred and grievances.

“Charge! Let’s go and kill their king!”

The Alliance was in a desperate and mad state. All the soldiers’ eyes turned red as blood filled the capillaries in their eyes, making them looked like a bunch of rabbits. They bit their teeth and charged at Chambord and it’s formations with all their strength. They all swore in their mind that they will stick the handle of the axes into this shameless guy’s butt.

On the other side.

The red flag on the hill moved again.

The huge iron shield formation that was at the the very front of Chambord’s formations started to move. What was surprising was that the more than ten iron shields didn’t come together and march forward and form a line of defense. Instead, they separated into two groups and moved to two completely different sides while completely exposing their king and the more than a hundred Bylaw Enforcement Officers to the blades and the charge coming from the Alliance.

At this point, Chambord’s formation was very strange. It was in a “U” shape. It had a very special and wanton feel to it. It made people feel like Chambord wasn’t trying to defend at all, but welcoming the invasion from the Alliance Army with open arms.

Fei tapped the big black dog under his crouch and slowly backed off to a hill that was a bit farther away.

This action was interpreted into escaping in the eyes of Nine-Kingdom Alliance Army, and that made them more aggressive and insane and their decision of charging firmer.

But to Fei, he only wanted to stand with the kids.

These kids were all excellent students from Chambord’s Civil and Military Academy. Most of them were from poor families, were more mature, and were recipients of the “King Scholarship”. To Fei, they were the important foundation to Chambord’s future upraise and success. Therefore, despite all the disagreement from his ministers and officers, Fei took them to this dangerous battlefield to let them experience the cruelty of wars and the complex situations that changed by the second.

“My kids of Chambord, don’t be afraid. Now open your eyes, watch everything happening in front of you closely. Watch how your fathers are fighting with those damn invaders, and feel the atmosphere on the battlefield with your hearts. Because one day, you will be doing the same thing as your fathers, protecting your homes and loved ones by battling with your enemies with sharp weapons. Remember, every student from Chambord Civil and Military Academy could be a brave soldier with a low status, but you guys shouldn’t be a timid and scared general of prestigious status!”

Fei said as he glanced at all the kids with an encouraging smile as he suddenly raised his voice and shouted: “Do you guys understand?”

“Understood, principal!” All the kids said in unison as they nodded. The unhidden respect and worship in their eyes made Fei feel like a real king.

At this moment, the Alliance finally were less than ten yards away from Chambord’s formation as they continued their charge. The fiftyish Bylaw Enforcement Officer stood at their spot loosely. They only raised their shields and spears and were alerted, but they didn’t really mind their enemies who were charging at them with vicious intent.

“Kill them all!”

The Alliance Army saw the sign of victory, and the Earth attributed warrior raised his arms and shouted to boost the morale of his peers.

But at this moment, a strange situation arose –

The sky that was blue and didn’t have a single cloud suddenly was lit up by a lot of colors, as if there were multiple suns in the sky.

As if he sensed something, the Earth attributed warrior looked up out of surprise. But before his smile could stay on his face for too long, what he saw caused an unprecedented terror to appear on his face. The terror on his face intensified and his pupil suddenly contracted as he shouted: “NO……..”

Boom – !

Crack – !

Whoosh – !

One second after, all these colorful lights fell to the ground, and that was the beginning of a horrifying catastrophe – Violent explosions, splashing ice chips and hail, shocking lightning, and malicious poisons instantly enveloped the Alliance Army who were charging. The fire, ice, lightning, and poison that fell from the sky caused insane damage and took away numerous lives. Screams and sad cries resonated on the battlefield one after another……

“Mages! They had mages……”

“Traps! We got tricked…… Retreat, quick!”

“Mom, save me, save me please……”

“Ah, my legs! My legs are gone……!”

Alliance Army who were influenced and blind by their hatred and biases were stunned. The Earth attributed Two Star Warrior who was charging at the very front didn’t have the chance to dodge. He was shot by a frost arrow, a fire arrow, and a lightning arrow at the same time. In an instant, his body was turned into a pile of stinky meat. His two star warrior energy couldn’t save his life, and the thick armour on his body also couldn’t protect him from the sudden assault at all.

The heavy armoured infantry formation from Shuani Kingdom also were almost instantly wiped out.

Iron was one of the best conductors for electricity. It was also a good conductor for heat, either cold or heat could easily spread over it. The heavily armoured infantries who survived the axes throws couldn’t protect themselves from this attack at all, and the thick iron armours that were supposed to protect them turned into the weapons that killed them. In a short period of time, almost all of them were killed less than ten yards away from Chambord’s formations. The soldiers who were unlucky and didn’t die to the arrows themselves right away were either burnt to death or frozen to death in their own armours.

The scale of victory instantly reversed, as if all the weight were taken off of one side.

At this moment, the soldiers in the Alliance who were close and kings in the Alliance Army who were farther away just realized the source for this devastating magic attack – some time ago, the harem on the six carriages behind the Chambord’s formations had got out and were standing in the hill in front of the carriages. Each and every one of them had a long bow in their hands and huge magic energy surged around them. Every single powerful arrow that was filled with devastating magic power were shot out of their hands. Just like the Grim Reaper’s scythe, the colorful arrows were shot into the infantry formation that was charging at Chambord like a huge flood mercilessly.

“God……A total of twenty six magic archers?”

Everyone on Alliance’s side almost lost their language and thinking abilities, as if they were all shocked by lightning.

The night kings in the Alliance Army looked at their “preys” bluntly. The preys who they thought were easy to get had suddenly tore away their cute and naïve appearances and turned into representatives of the Grim Reaper. Their deadly stares, smooth movements of loading the arrows and pulling their bows all seemed cruel at this moment. A number of frost, fire, lightning, and poison magic arrows were like intimate kisses from the Grim Reaper, and were shot at the other soldiers in the Alliance Army who were still charging like thick dots!

Too fast!

These female archer’s shooting speed were too fast.

People were only able to see the afterimages left by their soft arms and slender fingers in the air. Each sharp arrow’s tip seemed to be touching the arrows that were shot out prior by their ends. Together, all the arrows formed into multiple trajectories. In less than ten seconds, these twenty six pure girls had shot out more than a thousand magic arrows!

There were more than a thousand lethal and destructive magic arrows.



* * *





Chapter 146




Chapter 146

Chapter 146: The King Is Going Off



The heavy armored infantry from Shuani Kingdom who were charging at the very front was wiped out without even putting up a fight. The swordsmen formation from Lunan Kingdom that followed the infantry formation tightly didn’t end up any better. Seventy to eighty percent of them were instantly killed. Soldiers from the other small kingdoms who wanted to benefit from the chaos caused by the Alliance Army also met a bad ending. The commander on Chambord’s side was very conservative and safe. He let the enemies charge to an area that was less than ten yards away from Chambord’s formation. This guaranteed that the female magic archers would have close to 100% accuracy, and all of the soldiers in the Alliance Army who charged at Chambord would be in the attack range of the female magic archers. Although all the soldiers who charged at Chambord turned around and retreated right away after they saw the magic arrows, they still suffered heavy casualties!

This devastating magic arrow attack continued for another three minutes.

After three minutes, all the female magic archers’ mana was about depleted, and the catastrophic attack finally stopped. At this point, among all one thousand and five hundred soldiers from the Alliance Army who charged at Chambord, only less than half of them were still alive. Most of the survivors were at the back, and had instantly turned around and sprinted away from the range of the arrows after they saw the situation change. Otherwise, there would be more deaths on the Alliance Army’s side.

Smoke covered the whole battleground, and the smell of cooked meat also floated in the air.

There were corpses that were black and burnt, standing still and froze everywhere on the battlefield. Where were also chipped armours and weapons, but they weren’t comparable to the corpse.

The soldiers on the Alliance Army who survived and the kings who were a bit farther away all looked at the scene in front of them and were still not yet recovered from the fright. They all felt like they had a nightmare that they couldn’t wake up from. They were all covered in cold sweat, and the sweat had soaked their clothes. Now when they looked at the twenty six pure and cute figures on the hill far away, they didn’t dare to think of these girls as Chambord’s king’s harem trophy wives. That wave of death arrow rain had completely extinguished the obscene flames in everyone’s heart who were on the Alliance Army.

“These women all seem to have the power of Two Star Mages. They are like roses – although they are pretty, they have thorns on them. These lethal thorns would kill them instantly if they touched them.

“How could a little Level 6 Affiliated Chambord Kingdom have so many powerful men and women?”

This was a very strange mystery.

However, that mystery was no longer something that the Nine-Kingdom Alliance Army was thinking or caring about.

If possible, they hoped that everything they were seeing was only a nightmare. They hoped that they could wake up the next moment and realize that nothing had happened… All the kings were regretting their decision as they sat on their high horses. If it wasn’t because of the insight coming from that person, they never would have started this ridiculous war and hoped to seize treasures; that person told them that Chambord was so weak that it couldn’t even take a strike.

Every king on the Nine-Kingdom Alliance Army was asking themself, “What is going to happen next? Can I still leave this hellish place alive?”

They were currently in a very sad situation – they only had about five hundred guards in front of them. The seven to eight hundred soldiers who had retreated from the frontline were already terrified. The kings knew that

if those women on the hill lightly pulled on their bowstrings, these defeated soldiers would instantly crap their pants.

This war couldn’t be continued any longer at this point.

Although everyone could tell that those female magic archers had depleted their mana, no one dared to risk their lives to test it out. The precedent of the hundred spear and shield soldiers from Chishui Kingdom and the corpses that covered the entire battlefield had scared everyone in the Alliance Army’s off. The war horses also backed off one step at a time; they also felt the sensation of death.

At this moment, Chambord started its first counterattack.

The red flag moved.

The female rogues who were trying to quickly recover their mana on the hill started moving. Just like the other soldiers from Chambord who disappeared after separating themselves into two groups and rushing to the bushes on both sides of the battlefield, they also separated themselves into two groups and rushed into the bushes and disappeared. The only thing that was a bit different was that their speed was much faster than the regular soldiers from Chambord.

This strange situation that occurred consecutively made the kings in the Alliance Army feel a little uncomfortable.

“Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark!”

Everyone in the Alliance Army heard the arrogant dog bark, and a new change occurred – they saw the young king Alexander of Chambord, who was riding on the big black dog, suddenly move. With the young king on its back, the black dog slowly walked off of the hill. The Bylaw Enforcement Officer formation who was in front of him split in the middle and made a path for their king. The young king sneered as he slowly glanced at all of the nine king’s faces. He didn’t hide his disdainful expression at all. As if all the seven to eight hundred defeated soldiers were nothing, the king rode the dog towards the nine kings on the Alliance Army’s side slowly and casually.

Soon, he moved past the battlefield that was filled with corpses.

The seven to eight hundred defeated soldiers were already terrified. They didn’t dare to block Fei’s path at all when they saw Fei walking towards them. They all quickly backed off and made a path for Fei in unison, as if Fei was a bloodthirsty demon. Especially when they saw the big black dog that was bigger than a war horse under Fei’s crutch, they were almost scared to death. But as soon as they looked at the beast’s eyes, they felt like a chilling sensation ran loose in their bodies. Their minds turned blank, their legs started to shake, and their souls seemed to escape from their bodies.

The more than seven hundred defeated soldiers didn’t create any obstacles for the dog and the man.

They were more like guards who were protecting and welcoming their king.

Fei easily got past them as if he was riding the big black dog on a wide road.

Although there was only a man and a dog, it made everyone in the Alliance Army feel like this man and dog were even more frightening than the strongmen and the female magic archers. No one in the Alliance Army had seen Fei attack before, so they didn’t know about the real strength of this king. However, just his bold and unruly presence dominated over all the other nine kings.

“The game is almost over. I will give you guys two choices: either surrender and pay up, or die!”

Fei stopped Blacky when they were less than ten yards away from the nine kings. His warm smile looked like the smile of a demon and his gentle voice sounded like the melody of hell from the perspective of the nine kings. For a moment, no one dared to look at him directly in the eyes. But behind Fei, the defeated soldiers who slowly recovered gradually realized something and slowly blocked Fei’s way back as they held onto their weapons tightly.

“Kill him for me!”



The king of Chishui Kingdom said to one of his personal guards with a gloomy expression on his face when he saw the opportunity.

Killing a king who was canonized by Zenit Empire violated the empire’s law, and it would cause some problems. Ransacking and killing were different, after all. The law of the empire allowed conflicts between its affiliated kingdoms, but it didn’t allow for the killing of a king. However, the king of Chishui Kingdom was feeling a little arrogant because of his [Fire God’s Iron Fleet] cavalry since two of the princes of Zenit wanted him on their side. Also, things like the law were meaningless in front of powerful warrior and mages. The laws of Zenit were no longer followed to the same degree as a hundred years ago. To a level 3 affiliated kingdom, as long as the king was willing to spend the money to influence the nobles and decisions makers at St. Petersburg, killing a king of a level 6 affiliated kingdom wasn’t an issue at all. In fact, as long as the king of Chishui Kingdom was willing to spend the money, he could kill a few kings without stirring up a big situation. After losing an elite spear and shield infantry formation, the king of Chishui Kingdom was extremely angry.

The personal guard rushed out of Chishui Kingdom’s formation.

This was a Metal Attributed Two Star Swordsman. He would be considered a master in all level 3 affiliated kingdoms.

Everyone in the Alliance Army was confident in this personal guard’s ability. Because the Alliance Army was formed under the insight of that person, they gather the proper intel and didn’t know the real strength of the king of Chambord since they hadn’t see the king fight. There were a few kings who were afraid of the trouble that might arise from killing this king, but it was too late to stop the king of Chishui Kingdom’s personal guard……

However –

Tink!

Sparks appeared in the air.

Shadows flashed by where the spark was.

Before the people in the Alliance Army could see the two people clearly, they saw the personal guard being beheaded. The personal guard’s body fell to the ground like a punching bag. His sword had a similar ending. It was also cut into two pieces and fell to the ground. Now, they could see the situation clearly. Some time ago, this little king had a sharp green sword in his hand. The blade of the sword looked like the edge of a chainsaw, and blood was dripping down from it. Heat was still coming off of the blood.

A master!

Everyone felt a chilling sensation in their bodies again.

This was another shocking and unexpected discovery; the soldiers and kings in the Alliance Army almost had their eyeballs fall out of their sockets.

This scene made the kings who were afraid of death feel an enormous threat. They all knew what it meant to have an enemy who could instantly kill a Two Star Swordsman less than ten yards away from them – it was just like voluntarily extending their own necks to their enemy’s murdering blade. This time, Fei’s glance made the king of Chishui Kingdom extremely nervous; he was the first one who sensed this great danger. He screamed on top of his lungs as he almost crapped his pants; he immediately turned his horse around and ran away…

This action instantly collapsed the Alliance Army’s last bit of morale and hope.

The other kings were woken up by the king of Chishui Kingdom’s action as well. As if their butts were getting poked by a spear, they screamed as they whipped their horses and tried to get away as fast as they could.

The kings’ actions immediately influenced their bodyguards’ actions.

The bodyguard’s actions immediately influenced the seven to eight hundred defeated soldier’s mentality; these soldiers were hesitating at first, but they immediately started to run when they saw their kings and their bodyguards escaping.

That was how the Alliance Army’s collapse occurred. Everyone in the Alliance Army started to run under the lead of the kings. It was a huge loss; they thought they were about to conquer this little kingdom and plunder the riches, but now they were like homeless dogs being chased by tigers. Everyone in the Alliance Army wished that they could grow a few more legs to help them run faster. Some soldiers in the Alliance Army even started to kill their peers so they could get their hands on the scarce war horses. It was a huge chaos…

“Haha, you want to run now? It’s too late!”

Fei suddenly jumped up from the [Black Tornado]’s back. He left a series of afterimages in the air as he immediately chased up to the kings. His terrifying strength was demonstrated again. The green and purple dual swords turned into sparking shadows like stars in the night sky. The air-piercing sounds resonated on the battlefield as the two shapes sword dominated this chaotic situation. Wherever these two swords went, soldier, cavaliers, and bodyguards fell to the ground without any chance to defend themselves. Fei was very fast and agile. Like a bouncing ball, he leaped in the air about a dozen times and all the bodyguards screamed as they were killed instantly…

Bark! Bark! Bark!

[Black Tornado] followed Fei with its lightning speed as it barked loudly, and all the war horses within a fifty yard radius were terrified. White foam spurted out of their mouths as they fell to the ground, while their body twitched.

The kings on the horses didn’t expect it and screamed as they fell to the ground and dirtied their faces and clothes.

When they got up and screamed as they wanted to run away with their own legs, they saw a shadow flash by in front of them. Fei had already reached and stepped in front of them as he landed on the ground from his leap. The green and purple dual swords in his hands had blood dripping off them. The blood landed on the grass on the ground, and the heat and bloody smell filled all the kings’ noises.

At this moment, Fei really looked like a demon who had just crawled out of hell. All these kings had never seen anything like this; they were terrified. They kneeled down and begged for mercy and forgiveness as their bodies trembled…

Beside them, all the soldiers were still running away; the defeated soldiers were in a chaos themselves and didn’t have the time and chance to save their own kings.

What an ironic scene!

“Tie them up!” Fei waved his hand and the Bylaw Enforcement Officers who were chasing after the defeated soldiers rushed by viciously and tightly tied the kings up very tightly. The ropes strapped into these king’s soft skins, and the huge amount of pain made them forget about their high status. They all started to scream and beg, as if they were pigs in a slaughter house.



* * *





Chapter 147




Chapter 147

Chapter 147: Evaluation

Fei didn’t bother with the kings that were already caught. His vision was like thunder, immediately locking onto the Chishui King that was running in the distance.

Due to the Roaring Flame Beast being fast like the wind, whose speed far exceeded any normal horse, and the few loyal guards beside him protecting him with their lives, the Chishui King was the only king that got away.

Waving his hand, big black D barked and jumped over like thunder, and Fei jumped onto the Black Whirlwind and chased right away.

“Stop him…” Chishui’s King noticed the approaching Fei as he looked back, and that the full-speed dog was actually a little faster than the Roaring Flame Beast. The gap was pulling closer bit by bit, and that made the Chishui king almost piss his pants. He turned around and saw the [Fire God’s Iron Fleet] in the distance that was on standby. As if he saw his savior, he began crazily shouting, “Charge! Charge! Hurry and protect me!”

At this moment, he no longer cared about preserving those 100 [Fire God’s Iron Fleet]. As long as he could get away, he was willing to sacrifice everything.

Toot toot toot toot!!

The horn sounded, the already prepared heavy cavalry regiment loyally executed the king’s command. With a fierce kick to the belly of the Roaring Flame Beast, they began charging. With the lance firmly locked within their armpits and pointed towards the front, the knights were like large moving killing machines. The rumbling of the Roaring Flame Beast’s steps trembled the earth, like an unstoppable steel torrent flooding towards Fei’s direction.

The knights demonstrated their amazing tacit understanding.

When they were about to encounter Chishui King, the formation suddenly split into two from the center and left out a 2-meter-wide gap, smoothly letting the king and his guards to pass through, and then it immediately closed again, reforming into its invincible steel torrent form. The knights’ lances dazzled cold light as the beasts made the earth tremble, and they charged towards Han.

On the battlefield, it was almost an unparalleled force.

At this moment, everyone that were watching this scene thought that the dog and the man would immediately dodge to the side.

After all, no matter how strong is one’s individual strength, he still shouldn’t be strong enough to go against the power of this many knights combined. In the face of these charging knights, even castle walls could collapse.

But-

Bark bark bark*!

The big black dog let out a trembling roar as if entering a mad state. Its bloody mouth revealed sharp white fangs, and the strong muscles above its limbs began getting bigger. Its size almost doubled in the next second. Then it suddenly released its explosive energy, and its speed was accelerated to an incredible degree. Like a light that just flashed past, squeezing into the tiny gaps within the enemy formation from unbelievable angles.

Two flashing lights, one green and one purple, shined like the bright meteors, and the heavily-armored knights had no way to fight back. With the lances being so heavy in their hands, the knights didn’t even have time to pull out their sword and remained completely vulnerable to the oncoming green and purple flashes. They began falling down their beasts like dumplings going into a pot!

Almost everyone’s wound was surprisingly consistent – all on the throat where the helmet and chest plate converges. This location was also the most vulnerable place of a fully-armed knight, there’s only a small iron guard in place, and it’s completely not enough to stop any elite warrior’s attack!

The knights that fell onto the ground didn’t even get a chance to scream and were trampled in

to paste.

Under the duo green and purple swords, no one could muster any resistance. The big black dog’s figure was very erratic, it can easily pass through the slightest gap, as if a fish freely travelling in water, very slippery. The knights’ vision was already having difficulty catching the shadow of the dog and man, not to mention attacking back.

Both sides almost instantly finished the exchange of attacks.

The famous [Fire God’s Iron Fleet] lost a third of the power in this encounter, and the casualties were all caused by a slice at the throat and then falling to be trampled into paste by the beasts. But the dog-man army didn’t suffer the slightest injuries, as if they just finished a tour. They easily passed through the heavy-cavalry regiment’s assault, their speed didn’t slow down by the slightest as they quickly bridged the distance with Chishui’s king.

The [Fire God’s Iron Fleet]’s charging speed was too quick, they couldn’t turn back in time. They were like an unstoppable flood rushing towards Chambord city’s army formation in the distance.

“Shit!” Romain the knight captain shouted. At this moment, there was almost no one defending the Chambord city grounds.

“Keep watching.” The Elder Princess said calmly.

Fei very quickly caught up to Chishui’s King and his guards. The guards didn’t slow down [Black Whirlwind]’s speed by the slightest, and they all fell off the horses under the duo swords. Fei reached out his hand and directly picked up Chishui’s king off of the Roaring Flame Beast’s back like picking up a chick and then threw him onto the ground. Then, very quickly there were bylaw enforcement officers that came over and tied him up.

Fei patted [Black Whirlwind] on the head and the big black dog roared, immediately turned around, and stopped the soldiers that were about to flee. How did these people dare to go against Fei again. Seeing him block their path, they immediately screamed and changed directions, fleeing from the left and right sides.

Pew pew pew pew!

Dozens of sharp arrows landed on their feet. From the bushes on two sides, the originally “escaped” godly archers and the terrifying female magic archers suddenly appeared. The long bows in their hands were pulled to the full-moon state, and the sharp arrow tips already aimed at the panicking soldiers. Their cold eyes made everyone instantly stop their movements and not dare to move even one step forward.

They were surrounded.

400 people were surrounded by less than 100 people.

“Kneel down, surrender. Otherwise you will be shown no mercy!” Fei shouted.

All the remaining soldiers looked at each other. The moment one person became the first one to throw away the weapon in his hand, other people immediately followed, all kneeling on the ground obediently as they have long lost resistance in their hearts.

At this moment, [Fire God’s Iron Fleet] was also almost annihilated.

No one would have thought, those 22 people that originally showed up on Chambord city’s side in heavy armor that seemed like they were about to collapse any moment due to the heavy weight on them, would act as if they were possessed by gods and started running within those heavy steal armor when the red command flag in the distant hill flashed again. From jogging to sprinting, their speed was incredible, which made it very hard to believe that they were in heavy armor that was over a hundred pounds in weight.

It’s those 22 guys that got into a horizontal line fearlessly and engaged the remaining [Fire God’s Iron Fleet]. Their iron armor was extremely tough, providing their bodies with the most primitive protection, but what was even more terrifying was the terrifying power that came out explosively from their weak little bodies. From after the first heavily-armed Roaring Flame Beast plus the heavily-armored cavalry unit on top were smashed away, the knight captain Romain’s opened mouth just couldn’t close. He just watched the 22 people like terrifying giant beasts smashing away Roaring Flame Beasts one after another. The significant gap between body size and power shocked everyone’s visual senses, even the Elder Princess’s eyes were filled with surprise.

Chambord City used the same method and shocked this Zenit Empire’s [Female Strategy Goddess].

The 22 iron giants’ vanguard once again took down more than two-thirds of the [Fire God’s Iron Fleet].

The remaining 30 or so knights didn’t even have time to turn their head around and crashed into the already-prepared iron tower wall at the front, and they instantly lost all combat strength.

No one would’ve expected, one assault, three encounters, and the famous [Fire God’s Iron Fleet] among the Zenit Empire’s subsidiary kingdoms would be defeated like a straw in a hurricane. What’s more unbelievable was that, from beginning to end, they didn’t kill a single enemy. The damage to the Chambord City side was just a few people’s armor getting deformed from the collision, and some people also became dizzy from the collision. But their tough body after being refined by [Hulk Potion] made them already completely immune to such kind of collision damage.

At this moment, a period was drawn onto this sudden attack from the Nine-Kingdom Alliance army.

“Romain, do you understand Chambord City’s fighting strategies yet?” The battle had already ended. The Elder Princess turned around and asked in a low voice.

“Savage, rude, straightforward, and… and cunning, insidious!” Romain’s always-smiling baby face was now covered with unprecedented seriousness. He said a few adjectives right away, but he still felt that he didn’t fully describe Chambord City and their king’s fighting style.

“You are right…” The Elder Princess suddenly turned around, “But these are all not enough to accurately describe the guy. If I want to describe him, I would use another word…” Then, the Elder Princess spit out two words from her lips in seriousness –

“Variable.” (TL: well its two words in Chinese)



* * *





Chapter 148




Chapter 148

Chapter 148: Complete Victory

Variable?

Romain slightly hesitated, and then he was immediately enlightened.

Yes, it was a “variable”.

Aside from this word, Romain couldn’t find any other words to describe everything he observed from that fight. From the beginning when Chambord King Alexander brought the women and children to the battlefield, he didn’t think that those girly women would be magic archers, acting like the representations of death. He also didn’t think that Chambord City would have 50 or so godly archers, nor did he think that the giant black dog had such a terrifying strength. He never could’ve imagined that those 22 heavily-armored warriors and the giant-axe-warrior-formation would be this destructive. Lastly, he didn’t expect that the famous [Fire God’s Iron Fleet] would be completely annihilated without killing a single enemy, or that King Alexander’s combat strength could have reached a new high…

He didn’t expect any of this at all.

Those were the variables.

Chambord King Alexander turned all these things that people didn’t expect into reality.

Such variables were the most terrifying, because even if one was a wise commander, when faced with such an enemy, they would be defeated by these layers of unexpected variables that kept arising. It was impossible to know what would happen the next second, nor which card the opponent would play. When these were revealed, it would have already resulted in defeat!

Too terrifying!

“Romain, carefully remember what you saw today. Someday in the future, you may possibly face it as well…” The eldest Princess’s words came a bit out of the blue for Romain, but he still replied with a nod.

Among the countless royal generals under Elder Prince Arshavin, Romain wasn’t the strongest one. However, he had a calm heart and was eager to learn; he was one of the rare generals known for his wisdom. He had the talent to become a great general, so the [Wisdom Goddess] Eldest Princess broke her rule and always kept this knight beside her, exposing him to things that a normal general would never experience. The meaning of doing this was self-explanatory, an Romain also knew this clearly, so he always studied in silence. This small-scale battle today gave him a lot of shock, and he needed to slowly digest it.

…

“Your Majesty, how should we handle them?”

The Capricorn Saint Paul-Pierce asked. He had already led the Bylaw Enforcement Officers to capture all the 9 Kingdoms’ Kings and threw them in front of the [Black Whirlwind]. A wave of barking from the big black dog deeply scared these kings who were used to being respected and served, and some of them with weak resolves had already kneeled down, desperately begging for mercy.

“Clean up the battlefield, take all the people, weapons and armor into the city and catalog them into the city’s inventory. Heavily lock all the prisoners into the [Little Black House] and let Oleg strictly look after them. Execute those that are heavily wounded, and move all the corpses into the small open lot in the back mountain…” Fei rode on the big black dog and scanned past the battlefield filled with evaporating blood. “Take all the horses and Roaring Flame Beasts, regardless of how injured they are, into the Royal Stable, and send experienced people to take good care of them. These are all our future baby treasures of Chambord City, muahaha!”

“You can’t do this; these are the property of the Chishui Kingdom! You have no right to claim them as yours.” Chishui’s king saw his Roaring Flame Beasts being carried away one by

one as he shouted.

Papa~

Pierce laughed and slapped Chishui’s King across his face. The terrifying power made it feel like iron hammers landed on his face. This king’s teeth flew all over the place, and his face was instantly covered in bruises. He couldn’t talk clearly anymore. His eyes were squinted due to his swollen face, and his nose was broken.

“Shut up! Prisoners should have the resolve of a prisoner. These items are all King Alexander’s spoils of war, including you!” Pierce didn’t give the high-status prisoners any respect, and some of the kings had already fainted after seeing the barbaric scene. For those that were conscious, no one dared to fight back anymore and silently watched as the Bylaw Enforcement Officers cleaned up the battlefield, taking away their properties one by one.

The sunset was like blood.

Vultures hovered in the sky; these black giant birds with sharp beaks had smelled the scent of death and rotten bodies, so they flocked over in groups from the distant mountains at the back of the Chambord City. Their noisy caws created oppressing feelings of darkness.

“Let them sign the document, double the war reparations from last time, and give them only one month to deliver it to Chambord City. If they can’t gather enough in this with this short amount fo time, they can compensate with minerals and other materials. Hehe, the princes’ words didn’t hold any weight, but now that their Kings are here, the Kingdoms should probably be able to keep their word now, right? Relay my message word by word: if any country dares to decline, when the deadline comes, I will bring their king’s head and visit them to ask for compensation myself!” After a great victory, Fei’s attitude hardened up.

In fact, he had already expected that holding the princes hostage would lead to a rebounding effect. After all, princes were not kings, so their words didn’t matter much. That’s why he had already expected that it would take some effort to obtain the war reparations. However, he didn’t expect that the alliance would form and visit him this quickly; Fei smelled something fishy.

“Let warden Oleg take good care of these kings. Make them confess how they planned and executed this trip. I need to know every single detail regarding why these nine kingdoms came together!” Fei then patted the big black dog and began to walk towards Chambord City.

This battle was won easily.

In fact, with Chambord City’s current strength, there was originally no need to take so many twists and turns to win the battle. They simply needed to have an army charge out of Chambord City to easily take care of the problem, but Fei wanted to take this simple battle to train the soldiers of Chambord. He wanted to help them get used to the various aspects of war, from planning, cooperation, positioning the vanguard, following commands, and so on. In addition, Fei also wanted them to come in close contact with melee combat, death, and blood. He knew that a powerful army would not only need extraordinary strength, but also resolve and determination. Fei could use [Hulk Potions] and other items from the Diablo World to enhance his soldiers’ strength, but he couldn’t make them get used to the bloody and merciless side of war. These things could only be felt and learned on a real battlefield. Chambord City was a small subsidiary kingdom on the rural border, so it had not encountered a real war in many years. The battle with the Black Armor Army counted as one, but that was a case where they were forced to fight, and it was different than this time, where they took the initiative in the fight.

This was why Fei dragged out this war, which could be finished within ten minutes, and took whole 2 hours to finish the battle.

Fei slowly walked towards the gates, and his eyes swept past the solders’ faces.

Facts proved that Fei’s painstaking efforts today were not in vain, because in the eyes of these soldiers, in addition to a little panic, Fei saw firmer and braver spirits… They had begun to adapt to such battles.

Blood and fire were the easiest ways to let someone grow.

This battle was a complete victory!



* * *





Chapter 149




Chapter 149

Chapter 149: Taming Roaring Flame Beasts

A bunch of captives were getting locked up into jail, and the armour and weapons were organized and sorted into the six carriages that the female rogues were riding on. Even the damaged armour and broken swords weren’t left out. Chambord Bylaw Enforcement Officers didn’t bring shame to their titles at all. The plains in front of the castle were searched by them for more than two dozen times; not even a feather on the rear of the arrow was left out.

Chambord had gotten a lot of rewards from this war.

Except the fifty complete and rare heavy cavalry armour, there were also about more than a hundred shields, more than two hundred spears and lances, more than three hundred iron swords, and more than eighty delicate hauberks. These items were more than enough to fully equip all the soldiers at Chambord. All the armours and weapons that were either broken or damaged could be treated as scrap. They would be delivered to the blacksmiths in the Back Mountains. After some fixing or reworking, new armour, weapons and items would be forged out. It would greatly release Chambord’s pressure of lacking proper items.

The soldiers were still busy, but Fei who was on the big black dog was already walking back to the castle with the kids. When Fei was chatting and laughing with them, he was able to tell that these kids were extremely excited.

When they got close to the gate of the castle, Chambord’s citizens couldn’t wait and rushed out of the kingdom to welcome them back. Young girls had flowers in their hands and threw them on the road that Fei and the soldiers were about to walk on, and things along the lines of “Hail King Alexander!” resonated in the sky and echoed in the ancient defense walls like surging tides. All the kids beside Fei stood straight up and raised their chests. They were proud since they witnessed the notable victory that Chambord just got.

The big black dog [Blacky] was also proud like these kids.

This beast was so smart that it seemed to have the intelligence of a human. With its squinted eyes and big smile, it made people felt like it was another big yet sly man like Drogba walking by them. When faced with Chambord’s people, the dog was calm and cute; it wasn’t at all vicious or ferocious like how he was in front of enemies. By this time, people of Chambord had also got completely used to this dog who was insanely big. Since it was always with King Alexander and it was so smart yet battle hungry, many people started to address it as the “Godly Dog”.

Fei saw his fiancée Angela and blonde haired Emma in the crowd.

Both of them were following Priestess Akara to the Back Mountains to learn about the potion creation and herbs. Although Elena had the situation with her body in midway, Fei arrived on time so they didn’t need to hurry back to the castle. They spent more time with the little girls from Chambord’s Civil and Military Academy and Akara to learn a bit more. After Akara had to go back to Diablo World, they came down the mountain longing for more. When they arrived at the castle, they heard that Chambord was under attack again! They quickly rushed to the defense wall and calmed down after they heard that the battle was over and Chambord had a splendid victory.

Fei laughed as he jumped off of the big black dog’s back. Without minding that there were a lot of people around, he helped his beautiful fiancée get on [Blacky]’s back. Angela who blushed under the beautiful sunset looked like a goddess. In the citizen’s cheers and friendly clamours, Fei slowly walked back towards King’s Palace with Angela’s hand in hand and Emma’s in another. The sun created a few long shadow behind them, and the scene looked peaceful and warm.

When passing by Chambo

rd’s Civil and Military Academy, Fei dismissed the kids who were following him. Of course, before he let them go, he assigned them “homework”. He told the kids to get some feather pens and paper that were made from leather from the academy. He wanted every one of them to hand in a “Thoughts and Reflection Report”. Fei wished that all these kids could grow up the next day and become leader material. Chambord at this point really needed talents badly

After a road of laughter, they finally returned to the King’s Palace. Fei started to recall every moment of the battle today and carefully recorded them onto a leather sheet. This was a habit that he developed for a long time. He had to record everything that he found or had thought about in a day; it was another way for him to get stronger. He had to use other methods other than Diablo World; it was not enough on its own.

It was another period of business.

The dinner only started after the sun had set under the mountains on the west side for a long time.

The dinner was very sumptuous. Because after this period of observation, Angela who was smart and paid a lot of attention to details gradually realized that Fei didn’t like the food in the King’s Palace. She even sensed what Fei liked to eat and what he didn’t like to eat. Plus, Fei had unintentionally mentioned to Angela and Emma how to make a few simple and small dishes from Earth. After all that, the king’s dinner was almost 100% prepared by Angela and Emma; Fei really enjoyed the meals.

“Alexander, is Elena ok?” Angela suddenly asked during dinner.

Fei tensed up after he thought about the erotic circumstance that occurred in the stone room. He thought that a woman’s terrifying intuition made his fiancée sense something, but when he looked at Angela’s pure and worrying expression guiltily, he instantly knew that he thought too much. He felt a little ashamed as he smiled and said: “Don’t worry, it was just that Elena ran into a little problem when she was training her magic power; the magic power backfired and hurt her body. It was fortunate that we found out early! After some sorting and resting, she is not in any kind of danger anymore.”

Angela fixed her black silk like hair that fell from her eye as happiness filled her pretty face. She lightly tapped her chest and said: “Thank the God of War, that’s great! I was really scared when I saw Elena bleed that much! We were all worried about her.”

Fei smiled as he took in a mouthful of food.

He was going to disclose what happened between him and Elena to Angela sooner or later; Fei didn’t plan to hide it from Angela at all. That would be unfair to both Elena and Angela.

That’s right, he liked Angela. He liked her pureness and kindness. However, he also gradually liked Elena subconsciously; he liked the indescribable tacit cooperation they had during battles. Fei was kind of an Otaku (a guy who mostly stay indoors) when he was on Earth; he had no resistance towards girls. He couldn’t help but to like the two goddess like girls after spending time with them. He thought that since he had Angela as a fiancée, it would be both of them spending the rest of their lives together; however, he didn’t expect the relationship that he had with Elena would occur; it seemed like the mysterious voice in Diablo World intentionally tried to make it happen.

Today wasn’t a good time; Fei decided to keep quiet for a bit before he would talk to Angela about this.

After dinner, since Fei wasn’t very tired, he suddenly thought of something and took Angela to the royal horse stable.

All the war horses and more than sixty Roaring Flame Beasts that were captured were delivered to this stable. This stables that were usually very empty was finally getting some noise. There weren’t a lot of servants and maids in the King’s Palace; there were only a dozen of them. For a moment, they couldn’t keep up with all the work. So Fei decided to take Angela here to calm the frightened horses and Roaring Flame Beasts down; it was like going to see some pets to relax.

“Be careful, they are not use to the new environment yet. They are aggressive now and might hurt you.”

Fei carefully reminded Angela and told a few servants to take care of Angela just in case. He walked to the middle portion of the stable. That was where more than sixty Roaring Flame Beasts were at.

He started to carefully observe these descendants of Godly horses and Saint Beast – Unicorns.

The outer appearance of these Roaring Flame Beasts were like other horses, but only stronger and bigger. They all had hard scales on their skin; the armor like hard scales were denser near their hooves. When these beasts were angry or nervous, their eyes would turn red. They bodies had a graceful figure, but they had very sharp teeth and were very aggressive. They were able to carry weights three to four times as heavy as regular horses. They were classified as level 4 Demon Beasts, and they were like the perfect mount for heavily armored cavalry.

However, these beasts were rare and wild; they were hard to capture and hard to train. They were so aggressive that they would starve themselves to death when they got captured. Chishui Kingdom was very lucky to find some Roaring Flame Beasts when they were still in their infancy. After several generations of training and domestication, these Roaring Flame Beasts were the result. These Roaring Flame Beasts had kept the carrying and running ability of wild Roaring Flame Beasts, but they were a lot more docile; that was why they could be rode by the cavalry.

But since the environment changed, their former owner were gone, a lot of them were injured after the collusions in the battle, and all the Roaring Flame Beasts that were still alive were brought here and more than sixty Roaring Flame Beasts were crowded in this small space, these beasts’ eyes were all dark red; it was obvious that they were extremely nervous and aggressive. Any stranger to them couldn’t get close to them at all.

A first, Fei tried to get close to them, but he was kicked and bit back by the Roaring Flame Beasts.

Fei thought about it and had an idea; he immediately switched to the Druid Mode.

At this point, his druid character was already level 21. His [Oak Sage] and [Animal Spirit] were no longer just at the entry level; he had a much deeper understanding of this class. As soon as he switched to Druid Mode, he immediately sensed a nervous, anxious, and ferocious feeling coming from these Roaring Flame Beasts. Fei clearly captured all the negative fluctuation in emotion; these Roaring Flame Beasts were like a bunch of helpless kids – they were all quietly sobbing.

Fei slowly used his spiritual energy to approach them; he tried his best to seem friendly and harmless to cease the guards that the Roaring Flame Beasts had for him. Then, he slowly approached these Roaring Flame Beasts step by step……

“Your majesty, these guys are very aggressive, don’t get too close to them……”

Some servants beside Fei quickly warned him. But before they could finish, they were all stunned. The Roaring Flame Beasts that were very anxious and aggressive and didn’t let anyone close to them didn’t react at all. Some of them even got close to the king and used their heads to rub his body voluntarily, as if they were kids who were trying to complain to their parents. These servants rubbed their eyes; they couldn’t believe what they were seeing. “This is too magical!” They all thought. You should know that they tried a lot of methods, but none of them were able to get close to these beasts; one of them almost got kicked in the face.



* * *





Chapter 150




Chapter 150

Chapter 150: Invincible [Assassin Mode]

The majestic king was godly!

It wasn’t the first time that these servants had seen King Alexander’s magical ability, but they were still in shock this time.

These aggressive and anxious beasts acted like lost kids who had just seen their parents when the king appeared.

However, Fei didn’t have the time to acknowledge the servants’ surprise and idolization. His level 21 Druid ability let the Roaring Flame Beasts accept him easily. These beasts weren’t that intelligent; their consciousness was like infants. They were not like the big black dog at all, so it was easy to gain their trust. Fei took out some [Healing Potions] from his storage space and started to treat the Roaring Flame Beasts that were severely injured. Some of them had their leg bones cracked, while others had their neck bones cracked from the collisions in the battle. These beasts were on the verge of dying. They all stared at Fei with a sad begging expression on their faces.

After spending about five bottles of [Healing Potions], all the injured Roaring Flame Beasts recovered.

It was fortunate that after all seven of Fei’s character passed Act 1 in the Diablo World, the cost for Fei to convert all kinds of potions decreased dramatically. On top of the fact that Fei had become super wealthy in the Diablo World by selling the gems, he could afford these costs.

After fully treating all the Roaring Flame Beasts, Fei paused for a second, and then he added a little portion of [Hulk Potion] into the Roaring Flame Beasts’ drinking water. Then, he told the servants about some things to keep in mind and left these Roaring Flame Beasts alone.

When Fei left the middle stable area, the Roaring Flame Beasts had all calmed down. Since he petted and relaxed these beasts and reminded the servants about the key points, the servants were able to get close to these beasts and comb their iron-like scales. When these beasts saw Fei leaving, they were all unwillingness to part with him, as if they were kids who were being left at home by a busy parent.

This magical scene shocked the servants again.

Fei was thinking about training and reforming these Roaring Flame Beasts into mounts like [Blacky] by using the [Hulk Potion]. As he was daydreaming, he looked up. The scene he saw had him stunned – Angela, who was wearing a light blue long dress, was standing in front of the war horse and smiling brightly. She looked like a beautiful goddess. The anxious war horses somehow calmed down and kneeled down around Angela, as if they were guards who were protecting their princess. This scene was comparable to the tales described by traveling poets where Saint Beast Unicorns kneeled around the beautiful Goddess of Life intimately. Fei felt like the scene was taken directly out of a fairy tale; it was ecstatic and mystic.

Fei rubbed his eye, but he wasn’t hallucinating.

This was very strange. Fei was able to calm down the anxious Roaring Flame Beasts due to his Druid power. What about Angela? “Is Angela secretly a Druid as well? How is she able to calm down this bunch of anxious war horses in such short period of time? But there isn’t any profession like the Druid on Zeroth Continent…” Fei thought.

The servants who were supposed to protect Angel were all stunned and surprised as well.

…

“Alexander, I don’t know why, but it seems like I can sense their emotions. I didn’t really do anything; I just tried to comfort them, and these horses kneeled down obediently … Xixi, they are so cute, they are docile too!”

On the way back, Angela answered Fei’s question. However, this made Fei even more curious. Actually, Fei knew about Angela’s affinity with animals. The big black dog that didn’t go through

[Hulk Potion] reformation was very ferocious, and people couldn’t get close to it. However, Angela was able to easily tame and order it around. There were numerous examples, but Fei didn’t really pay much attention to it.

But what happened today was very weird. It couldn’t be just explained by the word “affinity”. Those war horses were very stubborn; when they just got to this new environment, even professional horse trainers couldn’t get close to them. Chambord Bylaw Enforcement Officer had used a lot of methods and a lot of forces to get them into the royal stable. “How could Angela, who doesn’t have any training experience, do that? This is very interesting… Could the animals tell apart pretty from ugly, and they didn’t want to hurt Angela because she is so pretty and pure?”

Fei quickly shook his head when he thought that. There was no way that ridiculous reason could be true.

It looked like this secret would take some time to solve and find out.

After returning back to King’s Palace, both Angela and Emma were both very tired, so they went to their rooms to rest.

Fei still wasn’t tired. He went into his office and started to read and experiment with the simple energy training scrolls that he collected. After that, he started to try to create new energy training scrolls by using the speciality of [Assassin Mode] and his hypotheses.

After carefully remembering every single energy connection channel in a human’s body from a two-star energy training scroll, Fei switched to [Assassin Mode] and closed his eyes to sense the special power that his assassin character had – “Zen Power”. After he felt how the assassin energy flowed in his body, he took a feather pen and drew out each and every energy connection channel on the leather sheet in front of him. He combined it with the energy connection channels on the two-star training scroll.

Then, Fei added a total of seven new channels. After the revision, the two-star energy training scroll [Breaking-Stone Chop] already had fourteen energy connection channels. According to how energy training scrolls were ranked based on how many energy channels they had, this training scroll was elevated to the three-star rank.

However, this was only theoretical.

In terms of how actual training would go by using this scroll, Fei couldn’t guarantee anything; he would have to experiment and find out.

The process of drawing out new energy connection channels was very energy consuming. Fei felt tired after only revising one energy training scroll.

He went into his bedroom to rest… Suddenly, a vigorous energy surge appeared around the Back Mountain, and Fei felt it vaguely.

Fei was shocked; his face even changed color. There was only one possibility – someone had triggered the magic traps on the back mountain.

It couldn’t be the soldiers who were guarding the underground cave.

They all remembered the correct path to travel on the back mountain.

That meant… there were intruders!

Fei immediately used the power of the [Assassin Mode] and disappeared from his bedroom. He turned into an invisible shadow to naked eye and dashed towards the Back Mountain like lightning under the dark sky; he didn’t wake anyone up.

Of course, Fei saw red flames and white lightning striking around the restricted area in the Back Mountain. It was very eye catching in the dark night. Under the light, Fei saw a few figures move; it was obvious that there was a fight.

“Who is it? Who dares to intrude the restricted area of Chambord?”

Fei heard Peter-Cech’s loud shout from far away. The figures moved and changed their locations continuously. The swords in their hands made a lot of sparks during collisions. It seemed like there was only one intruder, and Cech had a few Bronze Saint Saiya and elite guards helping him. Even with the help from Fei’s magic trap, they could only match up to the intruder; it even seemed like the intruder wasn’t using all of his or her strength.

At this moment, Fei finally arrived.

“Back off/ Let me deal with him!” Fei shouted. In the air, Fei bent his fingers and formed a claw as he struck at the intruder who wore black and was covered.

“Your Majesty!”

Cech and Chambord’s warriors heard the voice and knew that the person who appeared was Fei. They were delighted and backed off. They had blocked all the possible paths that this intruder could take to escape.

Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam!

Almost at the same time, Fei and the mysterious intruder in black had struck at each other several times. Fei, who was in the [Assassin Mode], was almost invincible in these close combat fights. Every part of his body had turned into a weapon, and they all struck at the intruder in black like rain drops in a storm. His opponent was clearly not ready to fight against such a strange style. The intruder tried to defend himself or herself and backed off.



* * *





Chapter 151




Chapter 151

Chapter 151: Flirtatious Violet Flower

In the Diablo World, assassin was one of the most terrifying classes. They travelled without a trace and were equipped with incredible stealth and assassination skills. Any part of their bodies could instantly become terrifying weapons and deliver a fatal blow at any moment. In addition, they were also skilled with various weapons. Although Barbarians were recognized as the experts in melee combat, their skills and combat methods were domineering and focused more on force. However, assassins excelled in skilled melee combat, just like a venomous snake hidden in the dark. They were hard to defend against.

This black masked man was an elite that was hard to come across, yet he was still completely rushed by Fei’s series of assassin melee combat techniques.

“Tiger Strike!-”

With a loud roar, Fei suddenly activated the assassin skill [Tiger Strike].

The energy inside his body began flowing at a strange rhythm and speed, and an amazing scene occurred. The illusion of two roaring tigers began manifesting on Fei’s two fists, issuing a ground-breaking roar. The fists were like thunder, endlessly striking towards the black masked man. Every fist’s power increased continuously, with the next fist’s power being twice as strong as the previous strike. The tiger’s head that appeared on Fei’s fists became even more complete, shrouding Fei’s arms within them. The contained strength faintly broke past the top tier 4-star level, directly exploding and bombarding the air.

Faced with such strange yet sharp moves, the black masked man didn’t dare to take them head on. He could only try to awkwardly dodge between the strikes.

“Dragon Talon!”

With another roar, used the assassin skill [Dragon Talon].

This was a chain kick skill. Fei’s feet turned into sharp dragon claws after being covered by energy; the claws tore gaps in space. It was so fast that it was invisible to the naked eye. His two legs were like two flashing sharp axes, and the black masked man was completely caught off guard due to the sudden change in technique. Instantly, the skill hit the black masked man’s upper arm. He grunted once as his arms were deformed. With blood seeping out of his mouth, his whole body was sent flying backwards as if he was taking a heavy blow.

Fei leaped into the sky and chased right after him, and he instantly caught up to the black masked man’s face.

With just one more kick, the black masked man would have probably puked blood and died on the spot.

But at that critical moment, the black masked man suddenly whispered something in a deep voice, and then a purple flame began flashing over his body. After the flame disappeared, the injury on both of his arms had instantly healed. Traces of purple light stopped in the air, like a blooming and flirtatious violet flower, blocking Fei’s fierce and fatal kick.

Boom!

The flirtatious violet flower and Fei’s giant axe clashed, creating terrifying waves of wind, damaging the surrounding trees and shattering countless giant rocks. The dust shot into the night sky, and even Pete Cech who was standing on guard in the distance was pushed back from the oncoming strong wind.

Fei flipped in the air and flew back towards the masked man.

The mysterious black cloaked man suffered some more minor injuries, but he used the airflow to try to escape. His movement was as fast as thunder. A bronze saint-level soldier raised his sword and attempted to stop him, yet he was sent flying by one palm strike. After a few flashes, the black cloaked man instantly disappeared in the vast night.

“Want to escape? Fists of Fire!”

The energy running inside Fei’s body began accelerating at an alarming rate, activating the assassin

skill [Fists of Fire]. With a loud noise, crimson red flames began burning on Fei’s two fists, and the flame was especially bright in the dark night as it exuded an amazing energy. His fist trembled once as he used Fists of Fire. It cut through the night like a meteor and travelled deep into the darkness.

After a few seconds, a deep “humph” sounded. Fire flashed and subsequently disappeared in the distance. Then, everything went silent, as if nothing happened.

Fei landed on a giant boulder nearby with a surprised look as he began thinking.

“I didn’t expect him to actually escape… he could actually extinguish the assassin’s [Fists of Fire]. hH’s really quite skilled!” Feeling a little surprised, Fei didn’t continue to chase. After a flash, he appeared in front of the injured soldier by the mysterious masked man and switched to [Paladin] mode. With a palm pressed against the soldier, his Paladin’s energy began to channel, and a ball of light golden flame started flashing. The [Prayer] skill was activated and Fei quickly healed the soldier’s injury.

“Your Majesty!”

Cech and the others tried to supress the shock in their eyes and quickly came over to salute. They didn’t join the battle at the Eastern Mountain top, so this was still their first time seeing His Majesty’s moves. They were all completely shocked by Fei’s stealthy movement and godly melee combat skills like [Tiger Fist] and [Dragon Talon].

“Um.” Fei nodded. “Pete, tell me what just happened in detail. Did you guys find anything?”

“Yes, Your Majesty. That masked man is very skilled. He quietly went past four layers of magic traps. If it wasn’t because he accidently set off a flame trap and got exposed, he would have almost gotten through the traps. With the advantage of numbers and knowledge of the location of traps, we could only stall him for about two to three minutes. If it wasn’t because of Your Majesty arriving in time, I’m afraid that he would’ve already broken into the forbidden ground in the back mountain.”

Fei nodded and immediately changed to [Assassin mode]. He made a series of strange marks with both hands and rearranged the distribution and location of all the traps on the back mountain. Then, he turned around and walked towards the underground stone maze and asked, “In your opinion, is the intruder tonight the same person as the one that broke into the back mountain before the ceremony?”

Cech thought as he walked, and then replied with confidence, “Your Majesty, we fought both of these guys, and from the strength and energy type, they should be the same person. It’s just that his strength seems to be quite stronger than the last time he appeared. What’s puzzling is that this intruder doesn’t seem to have any hostile intent. It was as if he was just looking for something, so he didn’t try to hurt anyone, otherwise…”

“Otherwise you guys would probably be dead or severely wounded by now.” Fei scratched his chin, frowned, and said, “I noticed this too. He’s very careful with his attack. He never intended to hurt anyone, which was why I just attacked to teach him a lesson and never really thought of killing him. The magic traps in the forbidden area have already been rearranged by me. You guys just need to be careful and don’t let them break into the underground stone maze.”

The mysterious black cloaked and masked man wasn’t malicious, which made Fei feel a little reassured.

From the exchange of attacks just now, although it was very brief, Fei already found out a lot of information. This person’s origin was unknown, but his energy fluctuations was similar to the skills of the Holy Church. However, there was also a clear difference. That difference was not done on purpose, and Fei had no doubt about it, so he didn’t suspect Priest Zola and the others. Besides, those two were so obsessed with the idea of becoming friends with [God’s Favorite Child], so they wouldn’t dare to do something that might anger Fei. However, that flirtatious violet flower formed by the mysterious cloaked man’s sword might was very memorable to Fei. He could possibly use this to look into finding more clues. After all, on the land of Azeroth, elites that had purple flame energy were very scarce… This matter needed to be slowly traced and investigated. After all, Pete was sure that the intruder was the same person as before, and that meant that this person had been dwelling in Chambord City for a long time, so there must be some clues.

Fei’s thoughts quickly passed through his mind, and he soon came to the underground stone maze.

The stone maze was the work of countless soldiers and craftsmen rushing day and night, and the dark and terrifying water prison had already gone through drastic changes. He entered from the little stone square that had piles of dead bodies of the nine kingdoms’ soldiers and passed through the 30 or so heavily guarded indestructible iron gates. Fei came to the deepest mountain space.

The area here had a complete new look.

The cold cells from before that were used to hold criminals awaiting execution had now been completely renovated. The ice-cold iron bars and rusted stains were replaced with some simple wooden doors and windows. The layout of the braziers and other light sources went through careful designs. After the renovation, the rooms became brighter and gentler. The feeling that the stone cave gave to people was no longer sn icy cold cell, but rather a warm and safe home.

The rooms that were scattered over the walls had different sizes and clearly had different uses. They were nested neatly like honeycombs onto the 400-meter-tall stone walls. The originally-narrow stone stairways were carved to be even wider, with fences installed on the edges to make them safer.

In addition to the staircase, eight giant chains fell down from the dome, and each iron chain was connected to a giant iron-supported wooden cage that can hold up to 10 people’s weight. With the four giant gear wheels placed in the four corners of the mountain space, the wooden cages could be lifted up by pulling the iron chains. This was the simple “elevator” that Fei racked his brains to design. It was finally realized with the optimization and improvements made by the Diablo World’s blacksmith Charsi and Chambord City’s blacksmiths. Through these four elevators, the distance that originally needed an hour of walking now only needed about 4 or 5 minutes, saving a significant amount of time.



* * *





Chapter 152




Chapter 152

Chapter 152: City of Heroes

In addition to the “pirated elevators”, some masons from Chambord city also later joined the construction of transforming the underground stone maze.

These masons had deep love for myths and that played their imagination to the full potential, carving all kinds of gods and mystical beasts vividly onto the originally rough and monotonous stone walls. The carvings could be observed on every single step. The heroic fighting scenes of ancient battles of the gods that were told by story tellers and poets were also restored on the murals. Of course, there were also the statures of all the Kings of Chambord City. Although Fei had only been the king for less than 3 months, but as the King that made such progress, Fei’s statues were the most in number. There were statues of him of 30 to 40 meters tall situated at the north, south, west, east, and center inside the mountain belly, and the expressions were happy, angry, pity, and waving a sword. They stood majestically.

These were improvised by the masons, not because someone wanted to do this to please the king.

Besides these changes, another significant initiative was planting large amounts of green plantation in the underground stone cave.

All plants that could been seen in Chambord city could all be seen in the underground maze, and maybe due to the special air quality and temperature, although it was deep into fall and the world outside had leaves turning yellow and falling, the plants in the stone cave were still as green as ever. This was because Fei used up every bit of his brain cells and his pathetically small knowledge of biology and designed an independent circulatory system that’s similar to a greenhouse. The plants’ presence enhanced the air quality inside the stone cave, and the improved air quality also let these plants stay out of the seasonal changes of the outside world and stay green… The entire underground maze was slowly becoming an independent ecosystem.

Of course, as for the work of constructing and renovating the underground stone maze, the “guests” from the Diablo world also put in a lot of effort.

The underground river water was treated by a few simple water magic arrays set by Acala and led to the gully that were specifically cut out by the masons. After being treated by the magic array, the river was no longer so cold but became warm and full of vitality. The small river flow was very fluent, watering all plants nearby. Aunty Acala and the rogues were clearly also filled with inspiration as they even ingeniously built dozens of large and small artificial magic fountains, decorating the entire underground cavern like a wonderland. One could see green plants and water everywhere, and it simply looked magical and pretty.

This water system also established its own cycle. White mist floated above the water, and red-tailed fish relaxingly swum back and forth.

The entire underground cavern was like a paradise, making it very difficult for someone to link it to the cold and scary dungeon that was originally here.

This was the paradise that Fei envisioned in countless dreams.

“Your Majesty, please grant a name for this place!”

“Yes, Your Majesty, the cavern’s renovation is basically complete. It’s time to give this place a name!”

The soldiers, masons, and blacksmiths that were busy working all gathered over after seeing the King’s arrival. Many of them had already deeply fell in love with this magical place. In the beginning, no one thought that they could create a place this beautiful, and now all of them had a proud smile on their face, feeling a full sense of accomplishment.

Fei laughed, “Haha, okay. From now on, this underground stone maze will become our Chambord City’s secret operating and talent trainin

g base. This place was created by the sweat of everyone, so let’s call it…” Then, Fei opened his palms, with light flashing past he summoned the Purple and Green Duo Sword. Under everyone’s eyes, he quickly paced to the giant stone at the entrance to the mountain belly and suddenly jumped up. The purple and green swords transformed into two bright lights as they danced on the stone, with sparks splashing everywhere stone pieces falling down, he said, “Let’s call it the City of Heroes!”

City of Heroes!

After Fei landed on the ground, the stone chips fell down and the three big words appeared in front of the crowd.

A burst of cheers sounded within the mountain belly.

“City of Heroes, haha, it has two layers of meanings. First, this magnificent underground stone city is created by every step and every drop of sweat of the people of Chambord City. Secondly, I hope that all the Chambord people that walked out of this secret stone realm from today are all heroes with an indomitable spirit!“

Fei’s voice just faded, some soldiers and masons already began feeling excited and blood boiled. On this kind of continent where status hierarchy was this important, people with low status like them were actually very easily satisfied. To be able to receive the “hero” title from the king was already an honor they can brag about for generations.

…

The crowd gradually dispersed, and began busy working on some finishing touches for the [City of Heroes].

The chief guard Pete Cech brought the saint warriors under his command and continued to carry out the supervision and defense work on site. Only warden Oleg was summoned by Fei on short notice and followed behind Fei’s ass. They came to the stone chamber that was specifically opened up for the King. Fei took a careful look around and nodded in satisfaction. The majority of the furniture was made of stone, and there was a little mermaid fountain pool in the middle of the stone chamber, sparkling, and there was a group of red-tailed goldfish leisurely swimming around. Flowers and green grass, the decorations wasn’t luxurious, yet simple and fresh, and that’s the type Fei likes.

“Tell me about it, is the interrogation work carrying out smoothly?” Fei picked up some fish food and stood beside the fountain pool, teasing the goldfish while he lightly asked.

“Very smooth, these people simply don’t deserve the nobility title, they are all as timid as rats. Drogba and Pierce tied a few guards to rocks and sunk them to the Zuli River, and the others were already terrified. The nine kingdom’s kings didn’t dare to resist the slightest and all signed the new agreement right away. In accordance to His Majesty your orders, we have already released their most trusted personal guards for them to travel back right away to their respective countries to prepare the compensation…” Warden Oleg said proudly with his eyebrows dancing, “We isolated and interrogated all the kings separately, and according to them, the reason they all had dared to fight back, besides that they didn’t want to pay for the reparation signed by their princes, most importantly they were convinced by a mysterious person.”

“Oh? Mysterious person?” Fei crushed the rest of the fish food in his hands, threw them into the pond, then patted his hands and said, “What kind of mysterious person?”

“The specific identity of that person was not even clear by those dumb kings, and they only knew some blurry information. It should be a powerful magician from the Empire Capital St. Petersburg, it’s just that he didn’t follow the army here this time. But he had a follower that did, and it’s the wind elemental magician that initiated the attack on the stone bridge this afternoon. He followed the alliance army to the city, and was captured by us. But this guy’s a little noble from a big family in the Empire, he’s really arrogant because of his identity. Without His Majesty your orders, we didn’t dare to use any punishment on him, so…” Warden Oleg said with a little troubled look, once the matter involves big powerful families of the Empire’s capital, their identities are even more sensitive than the nine kings, so Oleg didn’t dare to act rashly and needed Fei to make the decision.

“They are really a group of idiots, don’t even know that person’s identity and actually lost their own judgement after being instigated and decided to attack Chambord City? What a bunch of people with brains crawling with maggots, how did they become king?” Fei shook his head, then with a straight face he said, “Don’t worry about what powerful family of whatever shitty empire they are from, dig out the identity of that mysterious man at any price! You know already, from the little black room of Chambord city, no enemy could walk out with their heads up. Since they dared to go up against Chambord city, then they should have a taste of living a life that’s worse than dying. I remember you were called the “Death’s Touch” by the people of Chambord city back in the old days, cold blooded, cruel, and everyone’s face would change when they hear your name? Now, it’s time for you to show the means you use before to interrogate which even the rocks would cry if you use on them! Remember, enemies never need pity, and there’s only one purpose for the little black room’s existence – I will know the things I want to know!”

“Yes, Your Majesty!” Fei’s answer made warden Oleg’s fat body startled a bit, then he replied after straightened his back.

“Temporarily put this thing aside for now, and do it when you can.” Fei said, waved, and then a sheepskin paper that was cut into a perfect square flew towards warden Oleg. Oleg caught it in his hand in surprise, and Fei continued, “On it have a list of things you have to do within the next month.” Fei didn’t explain further. In fact, beside Oleg, the main leaders of Chambord city Bast, Brook and the others also received similar papers.

Warden Oleg suddenly hesitated for a second, and then immediately understood Fei’s meaning, and he said in shock, “Your Majesty, you… you are going to leave Chambord City for a period of time?”

Fei nodded.

He didn’t say anything else. He stood in front of the fountain, his eyes looked past Oleg’s figure into the deepest place in the distant mountain belly. Over there, there was a giant pitch black iron door that was over 20 meters tall, as if a giant monster was entrenched there with its mouth open. No one knew what was behind that giant iron gate. In the past two hundred years, many kings of Chambord city explored there before, but besides heavy casualties, no one could find out the slightest about the secret that’s hidden behind there.

“Your Majesty, you absolutely should now…” Oleg followed Fei’s eyes and looked, and he suddenly understood Fei’s plan. He was shocked and advised, “Your Majesty, that place is way too dangerous… way too dangerous!”



* * *





Chapter 153




Chapter 153

Chapter 153: The Big Reform Before Leaving

Fei shook his head and his stare became softer as he looked at Oleg. Since this fatty could behave in such a manner, that meant he had a conscience. Fei felt that he did the right thing by keeping Oleg when he was fighting with Bazzer.

“Relax, I know what I’m doing.”

What Warden Oleg said was right. The space behind this black iron gate was very dangerous. Many adventurers who went into it from the command of their former kings had never come out. However, Fei had reasons why he had to go in there and see what was behind this gate. From many perspectives, there were many secrets about Chambord. Although it may have seemed to be mysterious and cool, to Chambord, the kingdom was like sitting on a volcano that could erupt anytime. Therefore, Fei had to reduce the scope of the damage if this “volcano” erupted into a controllable and acceptable range.

Of course, Fei wasn’t going to risk his life carelessly.

After passing【Rogue Encampment】, Act 1 (Stage 1) of the Diablo World, the rewards that he received gave Fei confidence in exploring this dangerous maze. Before entering this black iron gate, he had to organize and plan some things. Fei had a clear feeling that this exploration would take a long time. Therefore, he had to make sure that everything in Chambord would operate and run smoothly after he left.

Fei started the preparation work before he entered the iron gate.

Meanwhile, Warden Oleg prepared a ton of ropes, iron chains, and dyes. There were also food and water prepared in secrecy. Except for this fatty that Fei used effectively, no one else knew about Fei’s plan.

At the same time, Fei added the final details to the planning of [City of Heroes].

“Chambord University, the higher-level academy compared to Chambord’s Civil and Military Academy was quietly established in the [City of Heroes]. Compared to Civil and Military Academy where people like Brook taught simple fighting techniques and basic mage meditation courses, the courses at Chambord University were a lot more focused and advanced. Priestess Akara taught Mystic Potion Creation and Scroll Creation, Military Leader Charsi taught a course on Magic Arrow and Archery, and the “Obscene” Old Man Cain taught Magic Fundamentals and Magic Meditation. Warriv, the caravan leader who no one really cared about taught some courses on Military Traveling, Boating, and Outdoor Survival. Even the fatty NPC Gheed who hid deep in 【Rogue Encampment】and loved gambling and deceiving others was summoned to the real world by Fei using his title as the Supreme Leader. Gheed could teach the Art of Deceiving, Diplomacy, and Psychology…

Other than that, Fei took on the role as the principle and taught all the following specific courses: Assassination, Close Combat, Beast Training, Ice Fire Lightning and Poison Magic, Healing Magic, Archery, Weapon Throwing, and Magic Trap Creation.

The university was established in the [City of Heroes]. The classrooms were already created when Fei decided to redo and restructure the underground cave. Except for the teachers, each subject and program had their own space and open classrooms. All the basic infrastructures were set up. Fei designed everything according to his bottom-tier university in his previous life.

Of course, there were also entertainment rooms for enjoyment.

Fei was feeling good, so he made three swimming pool, an average-sized bar, a soccer field, and two basketball courts in the underground cave. Then, he asked his smart and crafty fiancée Angela and blonde-haired Emma to make the outer layer of soccer balls and basketballs. The inside of the balls was made from tenacious demon beasts’ bladder. After blowing the bladders up and fitting them inside, they weren’t any different from the premium soccer bal

ls and basketballs made from the machines. It was later proven why these two sports were very popular in his previous life. After Fei explained everything and promoted the two sports, soccer and basketball quickly spread around Chambord like a disease. The popularity was beyond Fei’s expectation. After more soccer fields and basketball courts were constructed, many of Chambord’s citizens only went for walks after dinner, but now these two sports occupied a lot of their free time. Then, the basketball team formed by the twenty two strongmen including Drogba and Pierce became invincible in Chambord… the recreational activities quickly became something that every citizen was involved in.

Of course, the existence of the underground cave had to be kept a secret from the citizens temporarily.

From Fei’s design, the people who would get to attend the university were selected among students who graduated from the Civil and Military Academy and soldiers who were loyal and had experienced battles and wars. Other criteria such as talent, age, and background which were heavily weighted by traditional forces on Azeroth Continent held little weight to Fei. Since Chambord was desperate for loyal leaders, Fei had to loosen up the requirements for the university and give more people chances!

However, these students would only have access to the areas in the underground cave before the last ten iron gates. There was a total of twenty one iron gates located before the core area of the underground cave, and most of the classrooms and experiment spaces of Chambord University were located before the eleventh iron gate. Only students who passed many stages of tests would get the king’s approval and get to enter the eleventh iron gate and see what was behind it.

Other than leader and talent development, military infrastructures were something that Fei paid a lot of attention to.

From what Fei read in books and saw on TV in his previous life, obstacles such as high walls and spiked wires were all perfectly implemented in the military training ground. Except for the ordinary training ground, Fei also made a very dangerous battle training ground that no one expected.

This was a deep hole about ten yards into the ground. There was a small “iron elevator” that was fixed to one side of the wall. Anyone who wasn’t a three-star warrior or mage could only get up and down from the hole by this elevator. In this deep hole, Fei had raised more than a dozen Fallen Warriors; fifteen Fallen Warriors and a Fallen Shaman to be exact.

“Each of these monsters has the strength of a one-star warrior. The monster that is bigger and has a strange wand in its hand is about a one-star mage. These monsters are all very cruel and sly. Their only weakness is that they are very timid. We need to make sure that it’s safe for our warriors to battle with these monsters and to obtain real battle experience. As long as the bigger Fallen Shaman is not killed, it will be able to revive all the dead monsters with its magic. That way, you guys don’t have to worry about finding replacements for these monsters after they are killed.” Fei took the core leaders like Warden Oleg, Taurus Gold Saint Saiya Drogba, Capricorn Gold Saint Saiya Pierce, and Cech to this location. After carefully telling the use for this Battle Coliseum, he took them down and let them experience the battle abilities of the Fallen Warriors. Since Fei, who could instantly kill these monster was around, none of them experienced real danger. Fei let Cech, the strongest among all the leaders, take charge of this place after they all had a clear understanding of these monsters.

Fei summoned these monsters by using his Miraculous Skill 【Summon】. It was upgraded when all seven of Fei’s characters passed 【Rogue Encampment】. Fei could use some of his in-game experience to summon any kind of monster or demon from all the maps in 【Rogue Encampment】. However, since he couldn’t control any of the monsters that he summoned, he figured that it was a great way to train the students who had no real battle experience.

After everything was completed, Chambord started to operate smoothly without any direct commands from the king.

Fei spent some time with his fiancée Angela. He gave the job of carefully adjusting the dosage of the [Hulk Potion] needed in the feed for the war horses and Roaring Flame Beasts to his fiancée, who had an insane affinity with animals. Then he decided to announce that he was going to do closed door training and practice a powerful technique for a month.

In reality, Fei secretly went to the deepest location in the underground gave with Oleg and the items that Oleg prepared. After quietly opening the door that was shut closed for close to a hundred years, Fei said seriously to Oleg for the last time before entering the dark and narrow corridor, “After I enter this gate, you have to immediately close it. Don’t allow anyone to get close. After a month, if I knock on this iron gate from the other side, immediately order soldiers to open the door. You got it?”

“As you wish, Your Majesty!” The fatty knew that he couldn’t make Fei change his mind; he could only strictly follow Fei’s order.

Fei turned around and stepped into the corridor.

Then, Warden Oleg utilized his warrior energy and slowly closed the iron gate and swept away all the traces. No one was able to see that someone had opened this gate that had been closed for about a hundred years.

Chambord started to develop at an insane speed after Fei left.

Of course, Fei had set up Plan B before he entered the corridor. Military Leader Charsi, Akara and all the female rogues who had the strength of five-star warriors were guarding Chambord, and Head Minister Bast and General Brook were also on duty. Even without Fei, Chambord wouldn’t let any enemy get close to the castle.



* * *





Chapter 154




Chapter 154

Chapter 154: Super 【Werebear】

The corridor was long and dark. After the iron gate behind his closed, there weren’t any light anymore.

Fei lightly shouted and mystic changes occurred.

Colorful lights started to shine. A wolf skull helmet, short wand, red belt, iron boots, a small skeleton shield, a pair of yellow furry gloves…… Almost instantly, Fei switched to [Druid Mode]. He summoned all the items and equipment of the level 21 Druid. As a surge of massive amounts of elemental power appeared on his body, Fei waved the green short wand in his hand. Three clouds of white elemental energy flew out of the wand and turned into three white wolfs that were a yard tall and two yards longs when they landed on the ground. These wolves surrounded Fei and rubbed their heads on Fei’s body intimately.

Druid Summon Ability – 【Spirit Wolf】.

Different from the monsters from the maps in 【Rogue Encampment】in Diablo World, the wolves that were summoned by Druid’s ability could be controlled by Fei handily. They looked just like real wolves, and they had their own intelligence. With flesh and bones, they were really born-intimate with their creator Fei, and they were the special helpers that Druids had.

Fei had his plans when he decided on choosing the class of Druid.

Since these wolves that he summoned were able to walk ahead of him, they were able to help him to inspect the corridor before he actually got there. Even if situations arose, he would know ahead of time and could react properly. Thus, he wouldn’t be put into a reactive situation and lose all control.

The three big wolves got their commands from Fei. One of them walked about ten yards ahead of Fei, one of them walked about five to six yards behind Fei, and the last wolf walked alongside Fei. One man and three wolves slowly but steadily walked towards the deeper part of the dark corridor that seemed endless.

Fei was very alert. He was able to see through the wolves’ eyes using the special connection between a Druid and their pets. Fei could clearly see all the surroundings in the ten yards radius; it won’t be exaggerated to say that Fei would see everything and hear everything.

After about ten minutes of walking, Fei felt like he could use the word “thick” to describe the darkness in this corridor.

If it wasn’t for the lights coming off of Fei’s magic items and armors and the night vision that the wolves had, Fei would really be blind. Even though this was the case, Fei was still walking very slowly. Since there weren’t any clear identifiers, Fei estimated that he only walked about three kilometers. The corridor wasn’t very straight; in the last ten minutes, he had already made four turns, and the steepness of the corridor had increased and decreased six times.

It was very fortunate that there weren’t any forks in the corridor. When Fei stopped and took a detailed look of the walls in the corridor. He realized that these walls weren’t too different from the [City of Heroes] prior to development. They were simple and crude, and there weren’t any kinds of symbols or drawings on the walls. If Fei didn’t see the marks left on the wall by people who dug it, he would think that this underground corridor was formed naturally.

But what was strange was that it didn’t matter how deep and how far he went down the corridor, the air was still fresh as when he just entered the corridor; it didn’t have the dense and depressing feel that tunnels and space underground would give. Fei even saw some dust on the walls; that meant the air travelled and moved in this corridor frequently.

At this moment, suddenly –

“Woooooo!”

The white wolf walking at the front su

ddenly let out a deep roar, and what the wolf was seeing immediately appeared in Fei’s head – it was a black stick that was about fifty centimeters in length. Fei was intrigued by this. He quickly went over and rubbed the white wolf’s head to praise it. Then he squatted down to take a better look at this stick.

Fei immediately identified this stick. It was just a torch made out of black iron. The fuel in it was all depleted, and it was abandoned by its owner for that reason. Fei quickly guessed the identity of the owner of the abandoned torch – the person must be a warrior who was sent here by the former kings to explore this corridor. From the detailed recording in the royal library, the last few kings of Chambord had send more than a hundred of people into here to explore it, but they all disappeared in the corridor. These people had definitely used things like torches to light up the surroundings.

As Fei expected, after more than half an hour of walking, he gradually saw more equipment’s and items that were left by the former exploration teams.

There were torches, ropes, iron hooks, clothes, and there were also burnt marks left by fire. The thing was that the air traveled freely in this corridor, and these items were really old. Most of the iron made items were rusted, and the ropes and clothes were all rotten. When Fei touched a hook that was stuck in a slit on the wall, it chipped and turned into a pile of rust.

These findings meant that the former exploration teams had all safely arrived at this place. Except this, it didn’t mean anything. Fei would stop and take a short period of rest sometimes; after he take out some food and water from his storage space and consumed them, he would continue his journey.

Gradually, Fei felt a strange change –

Not sure when, but a wind started to blow in the corridor. It was a very light breeze, as if someone was lightly blowing beside Fei; it was almost negligible, but to masters like Fei, he clearly felt it. As he got farther and farther into the corridor, the wind started to get bigger and bigger. After an hour of walking, the wind was so strong that it was able to blow up the edges of Fei’s shirt under the armor and make his long black cloak flutter.

Fei suddenly remembered something that Warden Oleg told him.

“According to history books, there would be stranger loud roar coming from the corridor periodically, and a terrifying suction force would appear and suck people into the corridor. Therefore, the king at that time couldn’t do anything but to order blacksmiths to forge these two huge Iron Gate to lock up the corridor!”

“Wind? Suction?”

This should be it.

After thinking about that, Fei subconsciously got more aware of his surroundings. How powerful must the suction force to be in order to suck people from the location of the Iron Gate into this corridor. Fei was a little scared just thinking about that. He slowed down his walking speed and had his guard up. He didn’t want the wind that was getting stronger and stronger to mess up his pace and throw him off balance.

After another thirty minutes, the wind in the corridor was beyond what the three white wolves that had the strength of one star warriors could handle. After a series of howls, they were pulled off the ground by the wind and got sucked into the darkness that the corridor was leading to.

Fei’s steps were staggering too; the power of the wind at this point was able to suck up a thousand pounds of stone.

“Howl -!!!”

Fei roared and a brown elemental energy flame flashed on his body.

Fei’s body started to change aggressively in the next moment. If anyone saw Fei, they would be so scared that they would start screaming. Iron needle like black thick hair started to grow out quickly from Fei’s face, neck, and all the skin that was exposed in the air. Fei’s body also started to get big like an air balloon; soon, his height and waist doubled compared with his regular body. Sharp teeth grew out of his mouth, and sharp claws grew on his hands and feet.

These changes almost appeared instantly.

When these elemental energy flames disappeared, Fei had turned from a human form into a vicious terrifying huge bear.

Druid’s natural skill – 【Werebear】. It allowed Druids to turn into a strong huge bear. Fei had upgraded this skill to level 4. After he changed form, his strength and his vitality had doubled, his health and armor also doubled, but he still had the intelligence of a human and some minor human characteristics. The weakness of losing consciousness after changing form and going berserk was gone.

“Roar!”

Fei who was in the werebear form let of an angry roar, and the whole corridor seemed to shake. He stomped his paws, and two huge and deep paw marks appeared on the rock-hard ground. He swung his arms and stabbed his claws into the stone wall; the strong wind was no longer effecting him, and he walked forward slowly yet steadily.

The level 4 【Werebear】was able to last about thirty minutes. Fei went into a turn in the corridor when he was about to exit out of the werebear form and turn back to his human form. The wind at this turn was weaker, so he was able to rest a bit in here.

It was good that skills from Diablo World didn’t have any cool down. As long as Fei had mana, he was able to use the skills. Fei used the skill many times and slowly walked forward to explore the corridor. After four to five more hours, the wind finally weakened. And after an hour passed, the wind finally went away mysteriously.

The corridor returned back to its calmness, as if nothing had happened.

Fei turned back to his human form and summoned three white wolves again to explore the corridor faster.

Time slowly passed, and Fei felt like he had lost all sense of direction. He wasn’t sure where this corridor was leading to. He felt like he had spent a day in the corridor already; after all the lefts and right, ups and downs, nothing appeared; it was just like a huge maze.

Finally, when Fei decided to take a rest and go into Diablo World to train, the white wolf that was walking at the very front let out an excited roar, and what the white wolf was seeing immediately popped into Fei’s head. In an unbelievable huge space, a huge amount of white bones were stacked in the middle of the space like a pyramid.



* * *





Chapter 155




Chapter 155

Chapter 155: Terror! The Mountain of Bones

Fei moved quickly and soon came to the end of the corridor, and his vision immediately broadened.

An incredibly large dimension appeared in front of Fei, and the first glance gave people an illusion – it was almost like they had exited the maze to the outside through the corridor. This was a dimension many times bigger than the [City of Heroes]. There was no boundary when Fei looked up, and all he could see was a pitch-black realm. However, with a faint light coming from an unknown source, Fei could see that there was actually a white pyramid-like tower about five to six hundred meters tall that was a thousand meters away from them. The base of the pyramid was over a thousand meters, and it gradually became smaller towards the top, which was no more than 1 meter wide. Overall, it was a creepy white colour and was also faintly flashing with an orchid colored flame. The entire scene had an eerie and horror feeling that couldn’t be described.

Whew~

A stream of chaotic elemental flame flashed, and it shot right out of the short wand in Fei’s hand.

At the next second, flapping wings sounded, and a pitch black giant crow with wings over one meter wide suddenly appeared above Fei’s head. It circled a few laps over Fei’s head, landed on his shoulder and then intimately twittered a few times beside Fei’s ears, as if a child was playing with his parents. Fei smiled and played with the crow a little, and then spoke a few words in a very mysterious language. The crow merrily chirped, then flapped its wings and flew higher and higher. It quickly disappeared into the darkness above their heads.

The three giant white wolves also received Fei’s order and quickly jumped into the distant dimension to begin searching everywhere.

Then Fei started to carefully look at everything.

This dimension was not completely dark; the pyramid-shaped structure in the distance emitted a faint fluorescent light, and there were also many thin gaps on the ground beneath Fei’s foot. Each was about the width of a fist, creating an overall finely made spider web look. These gaps were very deep, and there were also faint red flames from beneath that provided some light for this mysterious and large dimension.

With these faint light sources, Fei began to carefully observe his surrounding.

Very soon, he realized that it was very different from the simple corridor from before. In this dimension, there were finally traces of buildings. There were many giant stone pillars 10 meters in diameter lying on the ground and standing upright. There were some simple lines going down the pillar, which were obviously manually carved. There were also many styles of pillars; some were shaped as a rhombus, some as a cylinder, and some as a square. Each pillar was at least 20 to 30 meters tall. A complete one would be at least over tens of thousands pounds in weight, and they were sparsely distributed in the dimension. If observed carefully, one could see that they were actually arranged in a very strange pattern. It was just enough to surround the terrifying white pyramid in the middle.

Fei carefully checked out these magnificent pillars, and he soon found something strange – all the fallen pillars on Earth had been knocked down by some great power. Some were broken into many sections after hitting the ground. They were covered in scratches from swords, and many also seemed to come from animals. Fei even found a few obvious fist marks on several stone pillars.

The stone that these pillars were made out off were very tough. It was a type that Fei had never seen before. He transformed into [Giant Bear Mode], concentrated his full strength and unleashed a palm strike onto the Stone Pillar. The level 21 Druid already had the power of pinnacle 3-star level, and the strength even dou

bled after taking bear form, which was equivalent to the beginning 5-star level. Such strength was already incredible, but what surprised him even more was that the palm strike didn’t even leave a slight dent onto the stone pillar.

“What…”

Fei took a deep breath. This discovery gave him a big shock. It seemed like one would have to be at least a 6 or 7 star elite in order to leave a mark on the stone pillar. Who could have left these marks? Obviously, the countless weapon marks and fist marks on the pillar weren’t left there by a single person. This meant that there were countless 6 or 7 star elites that fought a chaotic battle here… what kind of place could this be?

Carrying such doubt, Fei kept looking around, and the more he looked, the more scared he became.

This was because on the stone pillars further away, he continued to find more traces of battles, and some giant stone pillars were even sliced in half by someone and had collapsed onto the ground… To be able to leave such damage, what kind of master could do that? Moon-class elites? Sun-class lord?

The complexity of this case seemed to have gone far beyond Fei’s expectation.

“Kraa, kraa, kraa…”

At this moment, he heard a wave of crow chirping noises.

Fei concentrated his mind and shifted his vision onto the crow.

Instantly, he saw a field of rugged mountain rocks appear in front of his eyes, covering the entire area above his head. Fei commanded the crow to fly a few thousand meters in all directions, but there were still boundless amounts of rocks, like a giant inverted dome of rocks above his head. Fei didn’t guess wrong; it is still somewhere underground, or a hillside space of a giant mountain.

Surprisingly, the depths of the corridor was actually such a world.

Fei observed the surrounding environment above his head once again, and his vision ultimately fixed onto the magnificent white tower at the center of this world. Maybe there would be more clues there.

However, when Fei slowly approached the white pyramid, he gradually started noticing that something was wrong.

The orchid colored flame on the white pyramid didn’t have the slightest warmth, it was actually… wisp?! Fei was surprised, and he quickly paced towards the giant white pyramid and took a closer look with the help of the flame. He was immediately shocked – how was this a giant white tower? It was actually a thick pile of skeletons. This pyramid-shaped structure about 7 to 8 hundred meters tall was actually a mountain of bones formed by countless skeletons being piled up.

Fei only felt a cold chill behind his spine. It was as if an invisible cold hand was lightly feeling his back, and all his hairs were pricked up. All those horror movies of zombies that Fei watched in his past life came back to his head. Such a giant mountain of bones; how many skeletons would it need to complete? It was probably not even possible to build it even after killing tens of thousands of people…

After slightly calming down, Fei kept on looking.

But the more he looked, the more terrified he became. Fei found that the skeletons that this mountain was made from were unusually hard, and they couldn’t be even be crushed by Fei’s strength as if they were white refined steel. Also, the bone pile was very neatly organized, as if the layers of white bones were carefully piled up by someone and firmly inserted into the Mountain of Bones. It gave off a look full of architectural and artistic harmony. There wasn’t the slightest speck of dust on the bones. It was as smooth as new; this was absolutely not a natural formation. It seemed to have just been built artificially.

“Could it be that this Mountain of Bones was actually built not very long ago? Doesn’t that mean that there are also other people or organisms living here?” With that idea popping into his mind, Fei felt another wave of sweat roll down his back. He quickly scurried around the Mountain of Bones, but he didn’t find any ladders or stairs that could get him to the top, nor did he find any gaps or passages. He gritted his teeth, changed his vision to the giant crow’s view again, and then commanded it to circle the mountain many times. However, nothing was found.

“To be able to build a mountain like this requires at least tens of thousands of years of labor, and it’s impossible to not leave behind any traces. This is really strange…” After using up another hour, Fei had personally climbed onto the top of Mountain of Bones to look, but he still couldn’t discover any living organisms’ existence.

But during this process, he also made new discovery.

This Mountain of Bones was not entirely composted of human skeletons. During the “climbing” process, Fei also noticed some complete bones that were larger than 30-40 meters. It was obviously left behind by some giant creature after death. Although there wasn’t a single complete corpse on the Mountain of Bones, besides these giant bones, Fei also found many skeletons that were clearly not human. Some were extremely slender, while others were too stout. However, these skeletons had the same characteristics. They were extremely tough, and Fei couldn’t even find a single piece that he could break with his current strength.

There was only one explanation for this phenomenon.

The strength of the owners of these skeletons must have been super elites that exceeded the star level warriors, because only warriors that strong would be able to cultivate the bones in their body to be even harder than steel. Also, even after they died and their flesh rotted away, their skeleton could still be preserved for thousands of years, unlike the skeleton of the ordinary people that became fragile after just a few decades.

This conjecture made Fei almost rethink his own perception.

In other words, the white bones that were piled onto this mountain were actually super elites that exceeded himself. But the question was where could he find that many super elites? To be able to pile a mountain this size required over tens of thousands of corpses… could more than tens of thousands of super elites have died here? How was that possible? Masters at that level could be counted with one hand in Zenit Empire.

This was simply a tomb of super elites!

Fei pulled out a two-meter long machete-shaped bone of some unknown creature, casually waved it in the air twice, which caused it to release a sharp burst of sound that pierced the air. Then, Fei jumped up and sliced down with the bone towards a stone pillar in the distance. It unexpectedly made a spark, similar to when two metals clashed. He reached out and felt the bone in his hand and mumbled, “This is incredible. This bone can be used to make weapons. If all the soldiers in Chambord City can have a bone like this in their hands, it could be equivalent to holding god tier weapons!”

Fei suddenly realized that the value of these bones was astronomical!



* * *





Chapter 156




Chapter 156

Chapter 156: Madness

People’s greed wouldn’t diminish even a little when facing despair, not to mention that this was Fei, and the situation hadn’t even gotten that bad yet.

At almost the next instant, the raid began.

The moment Fei thought that these bones could be god tier weapons, his eyes lit up. He didn’t hesitate to start a frantic search. Soon, hundreds of bones that resembled knives, spears, or swords were pulled out of the mountain and neatly placed on the ground. Now, the only problem was how to deliver these treasures. Although these bones were just a drop in the ocean for the Mountain of Bones, if they were brought to Chambord City, they would be enough to arm all the soldiers in the city. If there were enough soldiers, the bones of this mountain would be enough to arm an Undead Regiment of a million men!

Fei had thought about it before; since this underground stone maze was the Gods and Demons Relic marked on that mysterious map, then those skeletal remains were very likely the soldiers and generals of the God race and Demon race that were killed during that battle. However, there was still something difficult to be explained here. This was obviously only a small part of the entire Gods and Demons Relic, yet so many corpses were discovered here. According to the memory Fei had about the Gods and Demons Relic and the giant Gods and Demons war which was recorded in history scrolls, something didn’t add up. According to the records of the Royal Family, in the past the population of both races were limited. It was absolutely impossible for both races to invest tens of thousands of soldiers in one battle. According to most recorded histories of battles between gods and demons, these two races that sat at the top of the racial pyramid were more likely to fight as leaders, commanding all sorts of subsidiary clans and races to fight for them. According to the legends, these subsidiary races weren’t the best fighting races, which meant that these remains may very likely be the remains of these subsidiary races. This was too shocking for Fei. Could the average combat strength of these “mediocre” races recorded in history books have reached the minimum of 6-7 star level warriors, or even futher exceeded the star level and moon level for even stronger soldiers?

This was unbelievable.

Such a force, if placed in the continent of Azeroth, could sweep through all the great empires.

But now, they were just a bunch of bones.

After picking out the bones that could be used as weapons, Fei was finally a little exhausted. From stepping into the black iron gate until now, it had been at least 20 hours. He thought for a second, cancelled summoning the white giant wolf and black crow, picked a few more smaller pieces of bones and placed them into his inventory. Then, he opened up a sky blue teleporting portal and entered the Diablo World.

The sky in the Diablo World was just getting brighter.

Fei first went to find the nun Ankara in the southeast corner of the camp and followed her around to learn the magic principles of pharmacy, herbal medicines and magic scrolls as usual. After the skill [Learn] was leveled up, Fei could effortlessly learn these things. Nun Akara just needed to go over everything briefly once and Fei would be able to quickly grasp the key points as if he already learned it before. If it wasn’t because his habit of being careless and absent minded, he would’ve already become a qualified pharmacist or scroll maker by now.

“Aunty, I have got something strange here. Can you identify what it is?”

During the end of his study session, Fei took out a small piece of bone he took from the Mountain of Bones into the Diablo World and p

assed it to nun Ankara. With a little luck, Fei thought that maybe Ankara could identify it for him.

“This is…” Aunt Akara took the bone piece with a calm face, carefully examined it in her palm and quietly felt it. She had a sudden change in expression and exclaimed, “This is actually the Demon’s Remains? My lord, Master Fei, how could you possess such a thing? Where did you find it? Do you have more of it?”

“Demon’s Remain?” Such an evil name made Fei have a bad feeling. He rarely saw aunt Ankara with such a surprised expression and asked, “Aunty, could these things be very terrifying?”

Akara looked excitedly as she shook her head, “The owner of these remains is indeed very terrifying. It’s a terrible and evil existence that absolutely could not be tolerated by the Gods’ light. But, the remains left behind after their death are actually very precious magic ingredients. The piece of bone you gave me should have been taken from an extraordinarily powerful demon’s body, and its strength has already far exceeded your imagination. Even Andariel could not match one hundredth of its power. The bone left behind by a demon at such a level is an extremely precious magic ingredient and could be used to forge powerful magic weapons. After grinding it into bone powder, it could also be used to make magic scrolls and potions…” But then, the aunty nun sighed a little sadly, “Unfortunately, this is only a small piece, and it would be so nice if there’s a little more!”

Fei smiled proudly and took out a slightly bigger remain from his character inventory.

“You have more?” The aunt nun’s eyes turned wide open.

Fei then took out an even bigger one.

‘There’s more?”

Another one was taken out.

“How many more do you have? Take it all out, quickly!!”

As the spiritual leader of the [Rogue Encampment] for the past few hundred years, when had Akara ever reacted like this before? But at this moment, Akara was on the verge of going crazy after being seduced by Fei’s bones one by one. Her bony hands grabbed onto Fei and desperately began shaking him because these Demon’s Remains were indeed very important. If there was enough of it, then [Rogue Encampment]’s strength would surge within a short period of time, and they would never have to worry about other demonic monsters from the wilderness bothering them.

“That’s all, that’s all…” The character inventory only contained about 5-6 pieces of remains from the Mountain of Bones, and now with all of it taken out, Fei smiled and put out his hands.

The aunty nun’s face became dim as she was a little disappointed. But soon when she saw the 5-6 Demon’s Remains, she became excited again. She thought she might’ve been a little too greedy. With such precious Demon’s Remains, just these few pieces was already a huge wealth. How could she still expect more?

Fei giggled, and right when he was about to tell Akara the existence of the Mountain of Bones,

“Ah hahaha, I found it, I understand now, ahahahah…” White beard old man Cain’s signature crazy laugh resonaated through the entire Rogue camp. A figure sprinted towards Akara’s tent. It was indeed the old man Cain in his insane state. He held a few thin books in his hand. His old arms and old legs were running so fast that when he came to the tent, he hesitated for a bit, “Huh, Master Fei, you are here too? Hahaha, too good, I’ve completely uncovered the difference between the Rogue continent and the Promising World’s magic system. Hahaha, if I’m not wrong, the two magic systems are essentially the same thing. Ahahaha, look, I’ve unlocked the inventory ring, and this is what I’ve found inside.

Fei took over the books in old man Cain’s hand and took a close look. It was all written in Azeroth continent’s text.

“City-Destroying Fierce Flame? Guidance of the Undead? Lava Floor Explosion? Wings of Flame? Fire Tongue Strangle?” Fei took a brief look at those books; they were mainly fire magic skill scrolls, with a few low level undead magic skill scrolls. This 4-star wood element magician Evans seemed to have saved a lot of good things.”

“There are a lot of things inside the ring; take a look yourself!” Old man Cain opened his palm and handed over this ring that was full of treasure to Fei without hesitation. Then, he looked to the side, saw the white bones in Akara’s hand and slightly hesitated. He suddenly thought of something. It looked like he also recognized the Demon’s Remain. With shock, he grabbed a piece and began carefully began rubbing and observing it. This old man was exactly like Albert Einstein; he was a scientific research madman.

Fei took the storage ring. After being modified by Old Man Cain, the ring’s exterior had already transformed a bit. Like a gecko that briskly swam around his finger, it felt very comfortable, despite not have the slightest effect on the flexibility of his fingers. It also protected his finger.

Consuming a little mana, Fei could see the giant dimension inside the ring as he wished. It was like a stone chamber that was at least 100 cubic meters. It was piled with stuff, but still organized neatly. There were about 4 to 5 hundred of all kinds of sorcerer stones, some strangely designed magic equipment and some other necessities like food and clothing. What attracted Fei the most was the abundance supply of books, energy and magic scrolls. They were all piled in the corner like a little mountain. The quantity of these books and scrolls had already far exceeded the Royal Collection in Chambord City. Magicians were often called “mobile libraries” on the land of Azeroth, and it looks like they were indeed worthy of that title. Although Evans was just a 4-star magician, he was from a super empire and was a disciple of the famous sorcerer Ferdinand, so the scrolls he carried were naturally valuable and rare.

“Hahaha, this is perfectly on time. What Chambord city needs the most now are all kinds of energy and magic scrolls…” Fei touched the gecko-shaped ring and thought in surprise, “The storing capability of this ring is a hundred times bigger than the character inventory. With this, I can now exchange items on a large-scale between the Diablo World and the real world.

At this time, there weren’t a lot of people in the [Rogue Encampment]. After Fei’s three god skills leveled up from the level clearance reward, he could now perform fixed location real time teleportation. He just needed to consume a [Town Returning Scroll] and set a simple magic mark in the [City of Heroes], and then he could teleport people from the Diablo World into the [City of Heroes] without even being there himself. At this moment, the head mercenary Kashya and blacksmith Charsi, as well as a few other female rogues were teleported into the City of Heroes by Fei to participate in the construction and defense of Chambord City.

Thinking about that Mountain of Bones inside the Gods and Demons’ Relic, Fei understood its value supressed the excitement in his heart. With a change in thinking, he exited the Diablo World and then used the god skill [Summon] and directly teleported aunty nun Akara and perverted old man Cain to the giant and mysterious dimension in front of the Mountain of Bones.

“This is…” The aunty nun saw the mountain in front of her and became speechless due to shock.

“Wahahahaha… How is this possible? Hahaha…” The wretched Uncle Cain was also stunned to the point of being unable to speak. Then, he went mad with laughter.

Both of them screamed at the same time and looked at each other, as if a starving hobo had just seen a roasted barbeque pig. Both of them were very knowledgeable and had a far better understanding about the value of this mountain. Akara’s hands shivered as she greedily rubbed each piece of white bone, as if feeling God’s hand. The perverted old man directly opened his mouth and started trying to bite the white bone… The two old people had gone completely insane.



* * *





Chapter 157




Chapter 157

Chapter 157: Forging [Remain of Demons]

“Cough, cough, cough, wait a second, I have a minor thing to remind you too. From what I know, these bones are extremely hard.” As Fei said, he switched to the Barbarian Mode and summoned the Purple and Green Dual Swords. He chopped at a bone to show what he was saying. This strike could have easily killed a three star warrior, but it didn’t even like a white mark on the bone. “See, how could we forge them into items? Or, how could we grind them into bone powder?”

An “Are you dumb” expression appeared on Priestess Akara’s face; she was just in an excited mood. She said without even turning back her head: “You could forge these “Remain of Demons” if you use regular tools and methods. However, Mister Fei, did you forget? You had beaten the Fallen Paladin Griswald and retrieved Charsi’s magical hammer. This hammer had divine power and could be used to forge these bones!”

Charsi’s hammer?

Fei was very excited. If this was the case, then it would be awesome! He could mine and use all of this mountain of bones.

After he thought that, he could no longer wait. He directly used the miraculous skill 【Summon】and summoned the female blacksmith Charsi who was forging weapons with the blacksmiths from Chambord in the [Castle of Heros] to this mysterious space.

“Wow, what is this place?” Charsi’s red hair was tied into a pony tail. After she quickly looked around, her eyes locked onto the mountain of bones not too far away. Shock and intimacy appeared in her passionate eyes as she said, “This is strange, why do I feel like I’m very familiar with those things? What are those things? Bones?”

Fei laughed as he took out a bone of an unknown creature; it was about a meter long and twenty centimeters wide. He placed it on a flat stone and waved at Charsi: “Come, come, come, try out your hammer; Let’s see if it could break this bone.”

Bam!

After a strike, the bone chips flew at all directions. Fei’s eyes almost popped out of his eye frames.

It was unbelievable! This simple strike had smashed the bone that Fei couldn’t even leave a mark on into pieces…… This was magical! Charsi’s hammer seemed like the perfect counter for these “Remain of Demons”!

After proving the effect of this magical hammer, then the rest came easy.

Fei structured his words and carefully told everything he knew about the Mythical Ruins to Akara and old man Cain. What made Fei feel awkward was that after a short surprise, they left what Fei deemed important and mysterious aside and started to flood Charsi with the information on the value and the effect of these “Remain of Demons”. It almost seemed like that they even wanted Charsi to immediately forge this mountain of bones into numerous power magic items. Of course, before that, they nagged at Charsi so she would grind some bone powder off these “Remain of Demons” using her magical hammer so they could do more research and hypothesizing.

During this process, Charsi also slowly got used to using her magical hammer to forge these bones. Forging bones was quite different than forging iron and metals. If you go a little bit too hard, the bone would immediately break into pieces, and not form into the shape that you have in your mind. After seeing Charsi smashing hundreds of bones into pieces one strike after another, the Priestess and the “Obscene” old man felt like their hearts were breaking into pieces as well. It was fortunate that there was still a mountain of bones left; otherwise, they would definitely try to kick Charsi’s ass!

After half an hour, a beautiful bone sword was forged out.

Fei weighted it in his hand; it was very lig

ht, and the blade was very fat and thick. The sword was about a meter long and about five fingers wide. It looked like it was good for chopping, but Fei felt like it couldn’t deal much damage. But after Fei light struck the sword down on the rock, a deep, three centenmeter mark was left on the rock that was very hard and firm. Fei was so surprised that his mouth opened wide subconsciously. From his initial impression, he felt like only a seven star or eight star warrior could leave a mark on these rocks…… The sharpness of this sward was beyond Fei’s imagination.

“Haha, I will keep this sword for now.” The King didn’t blush at all when he said that. He grabbed the first bone sword that was forged from “Remain of Demons” and put it beside his waist. None of the three people objected; after all, Fei was the Supreme Leader of the【Rogue Encampment】 and had the right to use the best items.

After that, Charsi started to forge more items out of the bones, and the Priestess and “Obscene” old man started to walk around the mountain of bones and started to observe it more carefully; they wanted to find more information about it. If they could find the reason as to how it was formed, it would be even better.

The three people from Diablo World took all the jobs, and Fei who was the one that found this place now had nothing to do.

But since no more items in this mysterious space was able to make him interested, Fei used 【Summon】and got a few female rogues who were pretty strong to guard the space. He then talked with the Priestess and used a 【Town Portal Scroll】to engrave a simple magic array on the ground so the people from Diablo World could go back to Diablo World anytime. He then started to proceed forward and started the next phase of exploration.

This space was really big. After Fei walked forward for about half an hour, he would only see very vague and dark lights reflecting off of the mountain of bones when he turned around; Akara and Cain were nowhere to be seen. As if all the lights were consumed by the darkness, the fire that Akara lit up was not visible as well.

Fei summoned Ravens and White Wolves to guard around him; left, right, front, back, and above.

After some thinking and hesitation, he summoned the female mercenary Elena.

When Elena’s beautiful figure walked out of the teleport portal, Fei felt like his eyes were on something very bright. As if after what happened in the stone room before had made Elena more beautiful and attractive. Fei smelled a light fragrance; it was very familiar, and it made Fei recall what happened in the stone room. When Fei was wondering, he suddenly felt like the dark space was lit up.

“Mister Fei!” Elena light walked up to him as she said quietly while looking down.

Fei smiled; at that moment, all the awkwardness and nervousness disappeared. He grabbed onto the female mercenary’s soft hand naturally; his hand immediately felt a smooth and cold sensation. He walked with Elena in parallel as he said: “Elena, call me Alexander from now on; don’t call me Mister Fei anymore.”

Elena felt like there were two fires burning on her cheeks as she felt the warmth and heat coming off of Fei’s hand. “Alexander……” She said softly.

For a while, none of them spoke. The atmosphere was very calm yet sweet, and they didn’t even feel the passage of time.

After not sure how long, the white wolf that was walking at the front cried. Fei quickly sped as he pulled Elena with him; the corridor was finally coming to an end. An abyss appeared 100 meters away from them. The abyss was about 100 meters wide and so deep that Fei couldn’t even see the bottom. He threw a rock into this abyss and didn’t hear any sound of rock hitting the bottom of the abyss after more than ten minutes.

“This…… is way too deep!” Both Fei and Elena gasped.

After feeling the cold air and sensation coming from the abyss, they put a pause on their plan of going down the abyss to find out more about it. The abyss was very cold, and it would get colder as it got deeper. Even with Elena and Fei’s strength and power, they could freeze into an ice statue without a chance of survival.

After some thinking, Fei looked at the wall that was directly opposite to him.

Maybe they were connected at a deeper level; Elena almost immediately knew what Fei was thinking. She pulled her bow as she loaded on an arrow. Whoosh! A fire arrow was shot across the abyss. The fire on the arrow immediately lit up the darkness, and everything across the abyss was visible to Fei and Elena.

The stone wall on the other side of the abyss was very flat and semi-smooth like a mirror, and it was so big that Fei couldn’t even see where it met the ceiling of the space.

What shocked Fei and Elena was that this stone wall wasn’t perfectly smooth; after a closer look, there were numerous black holes on the wall, making it look a beehive. It made Fei feel like they were numerous beasts hiding in the dark with their mouths open and just waiting for their prey to come. The atmosphere was dark, gloomy, and chilling.

“Let me go first!” Elena said.

Fei immediately pull back her arm as he said while shaking his head: “Wait a second, I have a better method…… Let’s take a better look of the wall first!” After he said that, he commanded the big raven that was flying over his head to fly towards the stone wall on the other side of the abyss. At the same time, he switched to the view of the raven. There were tens of thousands of holes and caves on the wall. After circling around the wall for a while, the raven chose a cave and dived into it.

What surprised Fei a bit was that after entering the cave, what he, a.k.a. the raven saw first was a corridor that was similar to the one he walked on to get here; it wasn’t bumpy or crude at all. It was clearly created and fixed by people and not formed naturally.

After the raven flew around in the cave and not finding anything dangerous, it flew into several other caves under the command from Fei. It was almost the same; all these caves were artificial. At this point, Fei could make the educated guess that the tens of thousands of caves were all dug and made by humans or other creatures.

“Who were these people? And why would they create so many caves on this wall?”

To get the answer to this question, Fei had to go into the caves and corridors on the other side and explore them in detail.



* * *





Chapter 158




Chapter 158

Chapter 158: The Mysterious Teleport Array

Elena didn’t say anything. She leaped into the air and landed on the big raven’s back. Like a goddess with her clothes fluttering in the air, she flew across the abyss and towards the caves on the other side. Elena was very thin and was very light if she took off all her armor. The huge raven also had a good carrying capacity, so it was able to easily carry her over.

Fei could tell that Elena wanted to go over first because she still was afraid that there might be something dangerous in the caves.

Fei shook his head as he sensed Elena’s intention.

He took a long rope with a spear head attached to one end from his storage space. He then swung the rope with all of his strength and threw it out. The rope instantly flew out in a straight line, and the spear head broke through the stone wall and stabbed deeply into it. After a loud roar, he used Druid’s skill 【Werewolf】. His body transformed into a tough wolverine and dashed towards the other side of the abyss by sprinting on the rope. Different from 【Werebear】that increased strength and defense, 【Werewolf】increased his sensitivity and agility. Therefore, Fei was able to dash very fast and very steadily on the rope. Soon, he even surpassed Elena who was in the sky. After Fei arrived at a cave near the location where the spear head stabbed into and packed up the ropes, Elena flew in on the huge raven.

The corridor was pitch black. Fei summoned all of his equipment and put on a ring that had the special property of + 15 light radius. The view instantly lit and Fei and Elena were able to see their close surroundings. Fei re-summoned the white wolves and started the exploration again. After all seven of his characters passed the stage of 【Rogue Encampment】, Elena received all the strength and magic powers from other mercenaries and was now able to use all four fire, lightning, ice, and poison properties. Perhaps it was because all seven of Fei’s characters passed the first stage, people from 【Rogue Encampment】were no longer surprised to see Fei using skills that Barbarians couldn’t learn. When Elena saw Fei summon the raven and the white wolves, she wasn’t surprised at all.

The stone walls in the corridor were still very clean. Since there weren’t any decorations or inscriptions on the walls, they couldn’t get any information about this place.

But after they walked forward for a few miles, they had to stop.

The road in front of them was forked.

And there was more than one forked road.

After all that walking, they were now in a stone room that was about a hundred square meters large. The room was pretty spacious, but it was connected to ten unknown corridors. But what made Fei smile was that there were finally some statues – there were five unevenly sized spherical rocks that were about a meter tall placed at the tip of each arm of a five pointed star that was drawn on the ground. In the middle of the star, there was a stone tablet that was about two meters tall.

After walking closer to it, Fei made more discoveries.

There were numerous delicate and thin engravings on the top of the five spherical stones. If Fei didn’t guess wrong, this was an unprecedented magic array. The patterns and engravings were so delicate and clear that they must were made from a mage who was on a master level. All of the patterns and engravings pointed towards the center of this stone, and there was a reversed cone dent at the center. it seemed like there was something embedded at the center of the stones before, but it was long gone.

The more Fei stared at this cone shaped dent, the more Fei felt like the shape was very familiar. A light bulb suddenly went off in his head. He took out a 【Perfect Amethyst】, a shiny purple gem that was processed by the Horadric Cube. He slowly place

d the gem bottom down onto the dent; as what he expected, the 【Perfect Amethyst】embedded into the dent perfectly.

Buzzzzzz!

A light noise suddenly sounded. As if the amethyst was stimulated by something, a cloud of purple fog appeared around it. The fog soon turned into flames, and these visible purple flames started to “flow” through the delicate engravings as if they were alive. All the patterns and engravings on this small magic array were filled with the purple surging magic power.

But other than that, nothing happened.

Fei looked at the four other spherical stones and found that all of them had a similar magic array on them. Although the magic arrays and patterns looked different, they all had a dent in them. The only thing was that Fei didn’t have any other gems that were at the perfect quality, and other lower quality gems couldn’t get the magic array on the stones to function when Fei embedded them into the dent.

The stone tablet that was surrounded by all five smaller stones didn’t change or light up at all. This was a stone tablet with no writings on it, nor did it have any patterns or engravings. The surface of it was smooth as a mirror, and there was definitely no existence of any kind of magic arrays on it. After Fei looked at it in detail, he couldn’t make any new discovers.

Except the five smaller sphereical stones and the stone tablet, there wasn’t anything else in the stone room.

Fei only could copy the magic arrays on the five spherical stones onto a sheet and then start the exploration again.

Fei and Elena looked at each other after they glanced at the other connecting corridors. “Looks like we have to test out our luck!” They sighed.

After randomly choosing a corridor, Fei walked in first, and Elena followed him tightly. The two of them explored this corridor slowly and steady. Just in case if they get lose, Fei would leave a flower mark on the stone wall after every five minutes of walking. The corridor turned left and right, and raised and lowered as Fei and Elena proceeded forward. After more than ten minutes, a similar stone room just like the one before appeared, and more than a dozen corridor were connected to the room as well.

Fei was very surprised; he didn’t expect this to happen.

This stone room was exactly the same size as the other one, and they all had multiple corridor that they were connected to. Also at the middle of this room, there were five small spherical stone surrounding a smooth stone tablet. There were magic arrays engraved onto the five spherical stones, and the magic arrays were the same when Fei took of the sheet where he recorded the magic arrays from the other stone room and compared. If this room didn’t have the mark that Fei left off, he would have thought that they were back to the first stone room.

“Looks like we have to try out our luck again!”

After leaving a mark at the corridor that they stepped out from and another one on the stone tablet, Fei chose another corridor. With the white wolves exploring at the front, Fei grabbed Elena’s hand tightly as they followed in the back steadily.

But after more than ten minutes, sweat started to drip from Fei’s forehead.

Another same looking stone room appeared at the end of this corridor! It had the five small stones with magic arrays surrounding a stone tablet, and it was connected to a lot of other corridors as well! Fei felt like he was walking in a dark endless hole and didn’t know where it connected to……. It was crazy! This place was like a huge maze where even gods might get lost. One stone room after another, multiple corridors after multiple other corridors. Every single corridor represented a possibility, and every possibility may mean different results. Although Fei wasn’t that good at math in his previous life, but he knew that only trying to use luck to get to the end of this maze under these conditions had less than one in a billion chance of succeeding.

“I shouldn’t continue like this blindly!”

After something thinking, Fei quickly made a decision. He and Elena went back through the same path that they took to get here with the help from the marks, and they quickly got back to the entrance to this maze that they took to get in. Fei used the same trick with the rope and his【Werewolf】ability to get over the chilly abyss, and Elena jumped back on the huge raven and flew back to the other side.

“You should go back to the [City of Heros] first. Oh, one more thing; here is an energy training scroll, please give it to uncle Lampard. Let him see if he is able to train using it……” Fei took out a book named [Lightning Speed Fists] from his storage space in his belt and handed it over to Elena as he remind her carefully: “But remember, you have to explain it to uncle Lampard clearly that I created this scroll. Although I trained with it and didn’t find any short comings or problems, you have to tell him that to be careful. If he finds anything strange, he has to stop the training immediately!”

This energy training scroll was the one where Fei added a few more energy connection channel after sensing and comparing with how the Zen Power of his assassin character flowed through his body. Fei had been training using this revised training scroll for a while now. Although his body couldn’t store any warrior energy, so training wasn’t useful for him at all, but that also gave him the best opportunities to experiment with the newly revised scrolls; he won’t mess up anything in his body such as the energy connection channels even if his revised scrolls was imperfect or completely garbage. During his experiments, he had changed and edited the scroll many time. Till now, he couldn’t find more errors in the scroll. The reason why he named this scroll [Lightning Speed Fists] was because Fei realized that the energy connection channels that he added were able to increase one’s attack speed drastically; it could let the user attack as fast as lightning, and also increase the attacker’s strength by a few times.

Elena remembered what Fei said. She walked into the blue teleport portal that appeared out of nowhere and went to the [City of Heroes] with some unwillingness to leave.

This was one of the benefits of getting the miraculous skills leveled up; he could not only summon monsters from the first stage 【Rogue Encampment】, he could also teleport NPC characters from one location to another location not exclusive to just Diablo World. This alone saved Fei many trouble.

Actually, Fei could even teleport himself back to Chambord using this miraculous skill if he wanted to. However, he decided not to do so and announced that he won’t be around for a month because he wanted to allow the leaders of Chambord to develop Chambord on their own for a month. Fei must give the leaders under him the space and the chance to demonstrate themselves. If he did everything perfectly on his own, he would be very tired and exhausted, and the people under him would be underutilized and wouldn’t get the chance to shine. If a kingdom wanted to be powerful and prosperous, it couldn’t depend on one man. Fei had constructed the foundation for Chambord’s future growth, and now he wanted to see other leaders and talents at Chambord grow like the bamboo shorts in spring after rain; get strong and big quick!

After sending Elena back, Fei walked towards the direction from the mountain made out of the white bones.

He had already copied all the magic arrays from the spherical stones onto a sheet, and he was hoping that the Priestess and the “Obscene” old man could discover something from them. He felt like he had enough time to make more discoveries about this place before he explore it more. Or, he could use the Horadric Cube to create a few more [Perfect Gems] and see if he could start the magic arrays in those stone rooms; that might be the only way to get out of that maze. Of course, after the exploration that was close to a full day and a full night, Fei was very tired despite the fact that he was very strong. He had to rest for a bit.



* * *





Chapter 159




Chapter 159

Chapter 159: Vigorous Change PART 1

After returning back to the mountains of bones, Fei found the Priestess and the “obscene” old man crawling up at the middle of the “mountain” trying to dig up something . From their expressions, they looked like they were two abandoned dogs who were digging up treasures from a pile of garbage . Under the mountain, there was already a temporary tent constructed close to it . There was even a blacksmith forge, anvil and all the necessities required for blacksmithing set up in front of the tent . With help from a few female rogues, the female Blacksmith Charsi was already swinging her hammer and forging something with tinking sounds resonating in this space . In front of her, there was already a big pile of white bone weapons .

The heavy magic hammer was very agile in Charsi’s hands as it turned into a dark shadow . Fei couldn’t even spot it . This beautiful female blacksmith was definitely used to forging these bones; when she swung the hammer, Fei felt like he was watching a graceful angel dance . Her red hair jumped in the air like cute fairies and made the audience feel like they were watching a dazzling beauty .

After Fei completed all the quests in 【Rogue Encampment】with all seven of his characters, everyone in 【Rogue Encampment】had their skills leveled up; Charsi’s forging skills, Akara’s potion and scroll creating skills, Old man Cain’s magic researching and item identifying skills, and the fatty Gheed’s lying and cheating skills were all upgraded . Therefore, Fei already expected Charsi to get used to forging these [Remains of Demons] . This female blacksmith’s forging skilled leveled up at least one level, and she was able to forge more powerful items and magic items .

“Mister Fei, you finally returned?” After seeing Fei walking back, Charsi waved and said to him excitedly, “Aunt Akara and Mister Cain made new discoveries . Look around at these stone pillars; it’s unbelievable that they are all made from 【Black Stone Essence】ores…” As she said, she took out a piece of black stone and showed Fei . “Look, it is the magic metal that only exists in legends . Although it’s not as hard as [Remains of Demons], it has a better plasticity for being forged into armor . On the Rogue Continent, many legendary weapons and items were made from this rare metal!”

“Uh… I didn’t expect that this space would be filled with treasures . No wonder why this is called the Mythical Ruins that could create numerous super powerful empires!” Fei thought as he grabbed the stone and rubbed it with his fingers . As he was feeling the firmness and coldness from the stone and his joy, he suddenly thought of something and asked, “Wait, then how do we forge these ores? Are there some f*cked up requirements?”

“Bingo! You got it this time!” The old man Cain suddenly appeared behind Fei with a brand new bone cane that Charsi made for him . Fei turned around and got scared for a second . This old man was completely white; white hair, white beard, white cane, and a white robe . If this old man also jumped around, he would find the White Emissaries from Ancient Chinese Legends and compete on who better satisfied the job criteria . The old man looked around at the huge stone pillars with greedy lights shining from his eyes as he said, “These 【Black Stone Essence】are hard to forge . If you want to extract these essences, you will need to use the fire from the deepest part of hell – 【Flame of Earth Core】!”

“Flame of Earth Core?”

“Eh, it is a terrifying flame that uses the demon’s forces as fuel and has devastating power . According to rumors, it was said that this flame could burn everything in this world . According to legends, there is a 【River of Flames】at a place called 【Pandemonium Fortress】that is at the far east from 【Rogue Encampment】, and the river is filled with 【Flame of Earth Core】that will continue burning forever . If you want to forge these rare ores, you will need to get that flame!”

“It sounds very complicated!”

Fei rubbed his chin out of habit as he spoke . If he remember everything correctly, there was a place called 【Pandemonium Fortress】in the Diablo World . That was the fourth map and hardest map in the Diablo World after he completed the first three maps: 【Rogue Encampment】,【Lut Gholein】, and 【Kurast Dock】 . The second quest in that map was called 【The Hellforge】, and he would have to go to a river called 【River of Flames】that was located in a dark underground world there orange lava floated everywhere . The fire in that place was probably the 【Flames of Earth Core】that the old man Cain was talking about . But it was way too hard for Fei to get that fire! Fei just entered the second map【Lut Gholein】and was still far away from the fourth map 【Pandemonium Fortress】; the most optimistic estimate would be a year before he could get to that place .

“It is really hard; almost no one was able to get from Rogue Continent to 【Pandemonium Fortress】alive in the legends . However, hehe, the situation isn’t as bad since we are in the place that you call Mythical Ruins . Come and talk a look…” The old man Cain poked his white bone cane into the cracks on the ground as he said . “There is something very interesting!”

Fei had already paid attention to the strange ground; he had noticed that there were cracks thinner than the width of two fingers everywhere on the ground, and it looked like the river bed dried up after a big drought, creating cracks all over the place . Also, what was different was that there were dark red lights flashing though these cracks irregularly, and some heat would come up from these cracks… “Could these strange cracks be related to 【Flames of Earth Core】?” Fei thought .

“This really is a strange space . I felt some sensation of 【Flames of Earth Core】from these cracks . According to legends, some rare treasures that were formed naturally would form together . Since there are a ton of 【Black Stone Essence】, then it is not too surprising to see 【Flames of Earth Core】here too . However, these cracks are too deep and the ground here contains many hard stones . It would be hard to pull up some 【Flames of Earth Core】from these cracks!” The old man stroked his long white beard as he shook his head and said, “I will try to place a small magic array on the ground to see if I can pull some 【Flames of Earth Core】up . ”

After getting more than a dozen various colored rubies, the old man started to use his white bone cane as a pen and slowly drew a magic array on the ground . The cane that was made from [Remains of Demon] was very easy to use . Cain felt like his magic energy flowed easily in the cane, and the cane even had some additional benefits towards drawing magic arrays . One end of the cane easily drew out a series of delicate, yet fine patterns on the ground smoothly on the hard stone-like ground . Fei had to admit that old man Cain’s magic array knowledge was at a very high level .

This was also a rare learning opportunity for Fei, so he observed earnestly .

After following the Priestess around, Fei had learned a lot of knowledge about magic, and he had acquired some basics regarding magic arrays . He was no longer the brainless idiot who only knew how to cast all kinds of magic spells, but didn’t have a clue about the fundamentals and theories . There were six kinds of magic arrays: Five-pointed Non-elemental Arrays, Six-pointed Elemental Arrays, Assembly Arrays, decomposed Arrays, Symbol Arrays, and Physical Combination Arrays . Each one of them had different effects and different powers . Because 【Flame of Earth Core】contained the power of the fire element, the magic array that the old man Cain was drawing on the ground was a combination of Six-pointed Elemental Array and Physical Combination Array . During the process, Cain put away his “obscene” expression, and a rare serious and careful expression took over . He was very concentrated as he was trying to avoid condensing the magic elements at the wrong locations, which could cause an explosion and put everyone in danger .

After half an hour, a mystic magic array that was about a meter in diameter was finally engraved onto the ground .

The outer-most layer of magic arrays was almost always circles; circles represented circulation and could prevent magic power from dispersing into the air . Inside the circle, there were magic loops; they were the conductors that made sure magic power would flow smoothly in the array . The more the magic looped, the more complicated and higher level the magic array was, and the more magic power and energy was required to drew them . Normally, gem powder grinded from Magic Stones was needed to draw Magic Arrays, but since Cain had the white bone cane made from [Remains of Demons], he was able to skip this step . Also, the power of a magic array was dependent on the quality of the gem powder and the mage’s magic power… It didn’t matter if it was on Azeroth Continent or in the Diablo World, these were all the basic knowledge and fundamentals of magic arrays .

The old man Cain was so tired that he was breathing with his tongue out like a dead dog . After some rest, he carefully placed six red [Chipped Rubies] into the six corners of the Six-Pointed Elemental Array and followed it up by injecting weak magic power into it .

Then, something magical happened –

The magic array was stimulated and started to function . The Rubies had a light red fire flashing on them as magic energy surged strictly according to the patterns and loops on the ground . A series of thin red lines started to appear, and they all merged at the center of the array . A red light suddenly emitted from the magic array and shot up towards the sky, and a huge suction force and vortex arose from the magic array . After the ground shook for several minutes, a light orange-red flame gradually appeared from the very center of the array .

“It came out… Hahaha, look! It is really the 【Flame of Earth Core】!”

The old man Cain was so excited that he started to stomp his feet forcefully on the ground . But soon, he was like a crowing rooster who had its neck pinched as his cheers instantly paused . At the critical moment, for some reason, all the lights that were emitting from the magic array dimed down and soon lost their magic energy surge . As a result, the weak orange-red flames that finally appeared after all this work disappeared from the air .

“Ah, the level of these magic gems are not high enough…” After old man Cain walked up to the array to inspect it, he realized that all six [Chipped Rubies] were depleted of magic energy and turned into ordinary grey stones .

“Then I have no solution then . I don’t have six higher leveled rubies . Let’s try tomorrow!” As Fei saw this scene, he suddenly remembered that he had copied down the magic arrays from the stone rooms on the other side of the abyss, so he took it out to show this magic maniac .

“Uh? What is this? Strange, this pattern is very familiar to me…”

Old man Cain’s occupational disease instantly appeared . He had this habit; every time he found something that interested him, he would enter a mad state where he would ignore everyone . Unless he actually figured out what he had in his hands, he wouldn’t acknowledge anyone . Therefore, he ditched Fei who was standing beside him for an answer and turned around and went through the teleportation portal far away to go back to 【Rogue Encampment】to research and study the magic arrays on the sheet .

Fei turned around, and he saw Priestess Akara who was stilling on the mountain trying to select top quality bones greedily . He shook his head as he saw this and went back to 【Rogue Encampment】as well .

For the next five or six days, Fei’s findings and discovery speed toned down; he made no new discoveries .

After he formed enough [Perfect Gems] by using the Horadric Cube, he returned to the corridors on the other side of chilling abyss . There were some changes after he placed five [Perfect Gems] into the five spherical stone pillars and activated all five magic arrays . A crystal blue pattern appeared on the stone tablet that had no words on it . No matter how hard Fei tried to understand it, he got nowhere . From the first impression, he felt like it was a magic array, but it couldn’t be further away from the truth . The pattern didn’t have a circular outer layer, and all the magic loops on it were different . It was probably an unknown map and not a magic array . With all the thin paths and complicated lines, it looked like a circuit board that Fei studied in his previous life . What was special about this map was that there was a little eye-catching red dot .

Other than that, nothing was out of the ordinary .

Fei could not understand the meaning of the patterns on the stone tablet, and the functionality of the five spherical stone pillars seemed to just activate the stone tablet so this pattern would show . Other than that, no matter how Fei tried to stimulate the magic arrays on these five spherical stone pillars, nothing new appeared . Old man Cain was still studying that five magic arrays that Fei copied down onto a sheet; from his initial research, he thought that these magic arrays were supporting magic arrays for some kind of teleportation array . These arrays were missing a very important center piece, so they couldn’t be operated . In the meantime, Fei had taken Priestess Akara to the stone room to check out the mysterious pattern, but she wasn’t able to make any discoveries as well .

After all this, Fei had to be patient and take it one step at a time .

For the next ten days or so, Fei took half of his day exploring tens of thousands of corridors on the other side of the abyss to see if he was able to find the correct path to get out the maze and check out the big secret that was hiding behind it . Although he wasn’t progressing at a high speed, he was making some progress . From Fei’s estimation, after more than ten days, he might actually find the right path . Other than that, he had explored the big mysterious space and found that this space that was at least several dozen square kilometers big . It contained chilling abysses on all three sides . Except for the wall that was connected to the underground cave where Fei came in from, all the other three sides were cut off completely . This space was U-shaped .

Of course, except for exploring the mysterious space, Fei didn’t forget to kill monsters in the Diablo World to level up his skills .

After fifteen days, the first two quests in the second map 【Lut Gholein】were completely by all seven of his characters . His Barbarian Character was level 27; his sorceress Character was level 27 as well; his Amazon Character was level 26, as well as his Paladin Character and his Assassin Character; his Druid Character followed at level 25; and his Necromancer Character came in last at level 24 . Fei’s strength improvement was very obvious, and his overall fighting ability approached a mid-tier five star warrior; he even had the confidence to challenge a top-tier five star warrior that was one rank above his level .

Other than killing monsters and trying to level up every day, Fei would switch to Assassin Mode and sense how the Zen Energy was flowing in his body so he could reference it with the training scrolls from his storage space and add new energy connection channels to them and create brand new energy training scrolls .

After fifteen days, Fei had made more improvements to [Lightning Speed Fists] and created several other new energy training scrolls . After he tested, experimented and refined them himself, he gave them to Elena so she could take them to [Castle of Heroes] and give them to Fei’s preselected henchmen .

When Fei was working hard and improving his skills and Chambord’s strength, the other people weren’t relaxing and chilling around .

In the same fifteen days, old man Cain had used five [Perfect Rubies] to operate the magic array and finally pulled the legendary【Flames of Earth Core】out of the cracks . He gave it to the female blacksmith Charsi so she could start forging 【Black Stone Essence】ores . Charsi didn’t disappoint Fei and extracted a ton of pure 【Black Stone Essence】, forged it onto [Remains of Demons], and created a ton of pure black armor and weapons . This way, the white colored[Remains of Demons] armor would be covered so the soldiers and commanders of Chambord wouldn’t look too terrifying . If Chambord was deemed a kingdom of the undead, the Holy Church would definitely take action . Since【Black Stone Essence】didn’t take away from the magic and warrior energy conductivity of the weapons made from [Remains of Demons], Fei put all these items back into his storage ring in satisfaction .

The obscene old man Cain and Priestess Akara spent most of their time selecting the best [Remains of Demons] since the bones had different qualities . Except for when they were called to [Castle of Heroes] to lecture the first generation of University Students, they spent all their time here selecting and organizing all the [Remains of Demons], and they took these bones back to 【Rogue Encampment】to store according to their quality .

Time slowly passed . When Fei was about two-thirds done exploring the beehive-like corridors on the wall, the mysterious space finally had some changes .

“What is this? I feel like the temperature is getting hotter and hotter…”

Female blacksmith Charsi who was extracting 【Black Stone Essence】with the help from 【Flames of Earth Core】and several female rogues frowned as she looked around curiously . As a talented forger and blacksmith, her sensitivity to temperature was far superior to ordinary people . Even the slightest temperature change wouldn’t escape Charsi’s senses .

As they heard what Charsi said, the female rogues stopped what they were working on and looked around as well . A loli-like girl who had brown hair suddenly looked at the cracks on the ground and pointed at them as she gasped, “Yeah! Look! There is steam coming out of the cracks…”

Everyone looked at the cracks on the ground and they discovered that heat energy in the form of hot steam was slowly coming up from the cracks on the ground .

Fei lightly put his hand into the crack; he could clearly feel that the temperature coming from underground was increasing at the slow yet steady speed . In a blink of an eye, the whole mysterious space felt a little humid and hot . At this moment, Fei made another strange discovery . “Why is there so much fog in the air?”

“Fog? How could fog form in this condition?”

After Fei was stunned shortly, he thought of something and his face changed color .

Boom! The ground under Fei’s feet exploded as his body shot away like a bullet towards the chilling abyss’ defense line . As his body turned into a phantom, his voice also sounded clearly beside Charsi and female rogues’ ears . “Quickly pack up . Return to the camp in ten minutes! Don’t delay at all!”

Since no one dared to object the Supreme Leader’s voice and Charsi and the female rogues sensed the seriousness of Fei’s words, they quickly packed up the tent and the finished and work-in-progress weapons and armor . They retreated to 【Rogue Encampment】in the Diablo World from the teleportation portal .

In a few seconds, Fei had arrived beside the dark chilling abyss that was at the edge of the mysterious space .

As he expected, the chilliness around the abyss was getting greater and greater as a cold moisture that gave Fei a chill to his bones rushed out of the abyss rapidly . The cold air from the abyss and the hot air from the cracks collided into each other and created this enormous amount of fog . The two forces in the air started to fight with each other and started to create some wind…

“Wind?”

A light bulb went off in Fei’s head; in an instant, he knew how the huge amount of suction force appeared out of nowhere when he was stilling exploring the corridor that let to this place . He was very curious as to how wind could be created when there wasn’t a huge amount of air flow in here…… So this was the root to all the problem .

As Fei was thinking for the few seconds, terrifying howling noise sounded from the abyss that seemed bottomless; all these howling sounded like numerous ancient demons were roaring and struggling under the abyss . As this terrifying noise resonated in the mysterious space, numerous white hard dust-like objects shot out of the abyss with the cold and moist air . Fei grabbed onto some of them and realized that they were all chipped ice pieces . But before he could figure out where these chipped ice pieces were from, loud “booming” noises sounded around him . He looked up and saw huge pieces of ice that were the size of a large rock shoot out of the abyss and land beside him .

“Oh shit!”

This really took Fei by surprise, and he started to dodge the icy rocks .

As time passed by, the ice pieces that were shooting out of the abyss were getting bigger and bigger; from the size of a car to the size of a hill, it seemed like an invisible hand was throwing them at Fei . The terrifying cold air was rushing out of the abyss alongside the ice pieces, and a thick frost appeared on Fei’s eyebrows and hair . Fei felt like he was so cold that his nose hairs were frozen and super hard . He quickly switched to Sorcerer Mode and put on his 【Arcanna’s Tricks】item set . After he summoned a thin layer of fire magic elements around him, he finally felt some warmth .

The only thing was that the temperature of the air was dropping at a significant pace, and Fei was having a hard time blocking this cold air as a level 27 Sorceress . He was in danger of freezing to death .

Fei quickly backed off .

However, the hot steam coming from the crack under the ground was also getting stronger and stronger . At this point, red light appeared from all of the cracks, and even some orange-red flames appeared in these lights . As the hot air and cold air met in the air, a thick fog was instantly created . Soon, hail the size of beans started to fall from above and smashed down on Fei’s head… In this mysterious underground space, a storm was actually pouring .

Boom! Rumble! Rumble!

As the thunder sounded, some lightning flashed in the thick fog .

Then, the air in the mysterious space started to turn and cycle around each other crazily . Fei quickly backed off to a huge stone pillar beside the mountain of bones to hide from the strong wind . When he raised his head and looked up, what he saw shocked him…



* * *





Chapter 159 Part 1




Chapter 159.1

Chapter 159: Vigorous Change PART 1



After returning back to the mountains of bones, Fei found the Priestess and the “obscene” old man crawling up at the middle of the “mountain” trying to dig up something. From their expressions, they looked like they were two abandoned dogs who were digging up treasures from a pile of garbage. Under the mountain, there was already a temporary tent constructed close to it. There was even a blacksmith forge, anvil and all the necessities required for blacksmithing set up in front of the tent. With help from a few female rogues, the female Blacksmith Charsi was already swinging her hammer and forging something with tinking sounds resonating in this space. In front of her, there was already a big pile of white bone weapons.

The heavy magic hammer was very agile in Charsi’s hands as it turned into a dark shadow. Fei couldn’t even spot it. This beautiful female blacksmith was definitely used to forging these bones; when she swung the hammer, Fei felt like he was watching a graceful angel dance. Her red hair jumped in the air like cute fairies and made the audience feel like they were watching a dazzling beauty.

After Fei completed all the quests in 【Rogue Encampment】with all seven of his characters, everyone in 【Rogue Encampment】had their skills leveled up; Charsi’s forging skills, Akara’s potion and scroll creating skills, Old man Cain’s magic researching and item identifying skills, and the fatty Gheed’s lying and cheating skills were all upgraded. Therefore, Fei already expected Charsi to get used to forging these [Remains of Demons]. This female blacksmith’s forging skilled leveled up at least one level, and she was able to forge more powerful items and magic items.

“Mister Fei, you finally returned?” After seeing Fei walking back, Charsi waved and said to him excitedly, “Aunt Akara and Mister Cain made new discoveries. Look around at these stone pillars; it’s unbelievable that they are all made from 【Black Stone Essence】ores…” As she said, she took out a piece of black stone and showed Fei. “Look, it is the magic metal that only exists in legends. Although it’s not as hard as [Remains of Demons], it has a better plasticity for being forged into armor. On the Rogue Continent, many legendary weapons and items were made from this rare metal!”

“Uh… I didn’t expect that this space would be filled with treasures. No wonder why this is called the Mythical Ruins that could create numerous super powerful empires!” Fei thought as he grabbed the stone and rubbed it with his fingers. As he was feeling the firmness and coldness from the stone and his joy, he suddenly thought of something and asked, “Wait, then how do we forge these ores? Are there some f*cked up requirements?”

“Bingo! You got it this time!” The old man Cain suddenly appeared behind Fei with a brand new bone cane that Charsi made for him. Fei turned around and got scared for a second. This old man was completely white; white hair, white beard, white cane, and a white robe. If this old man also jumped around, he would find the White Emissaries from Ancient Chinese Legends and compete on who better satisfied the job criteria. The old man looked around at the huge stone pillars with greedy lights shining from his eyes as he said, “These 【Black Stone Essence】are hard to forge. If you want to extract these essences, you will need to use the fire from the deepest part of hell – 【Flame of Earth Core】!”

“Flame of Earth Core?”

“Eh, it is a terrifying flame that uses the demon’s forces as fuel and has devastating power. According to rumors, it was said that this flame could burn everything in this world. According to legends, there is a 【River o

f Flames】at a place called 【Pandemonium Fortress】that is at the far east from 【Rogue Encampment】, and the river is filled with 【Flame of Earth Core】that will continue burning forever. If you want to forge these rare ores, you will need to get that flame!”

“It sounds very complicated!”

Fei rubbed his chin out of habit as he spoke. If he remember everything correctly, there was a place called 【Pandemonium Fortress】in the Diablo World. That was the fourth map and hardest map in the Diablo World after he completed the first three maps: 【Rogue Encampment】,【Lut Gholein】, and 【Kurast Dock】. The second quest in that map was called 【The Hellforge】, and he would have to go to a river called 【River of Flames】that was located in a dark underground world there orange lava floated everywhere. The fire in that place was probably the 【Flames of Earth Core】that the old man Cain was talking about. But it was way too hard for Fei to get that fire! Fei just entered the second map【Lut Gholein】and was still far away from the fourth map 【Pandemonium Fortress】; the most optimistic estimate would be a year before he could get to that place.

“It is really hard; almost no one was able to get from Rogue Continent to 【Pandemonium Fortress】alive in the legends. However, hehe, the situation isn’t as bad since we are in the place that you call Mythical Ruins. Come and talk a look…” The old man Cain poked his white bone cane into the cracks on the ground as he said. “There is something very interesting!”

Fei had already paid attention to the strange ground; he had noticed that there were cracks thinner than the width of two fingers everywhere on the ground, and it looked like the river bed dried up after a big drought, creating cracks all over the place. Also, what was different was that there were dark red lights flashing though these cracks irregularly, and some heat would come up from these cracks… “Could these strange cracks be related to 【Flames of Earth Core】?” Fei thought.

“This really is a strange space. I felt some sensation of 【Flames of Earth Core】from these cracks. According to legends, some rare treasures that were formed naturally would form together. Since there are a ton of 【Black Stone Essence】, then it is not too surprising to see 【Flames of Earth Core】here too. However, these cracks are too deep and the ground here contains many hard stones. It would be hard to pull up some 【Flames of Earth Core】from these cracks!” The old man stroked his long white beard as he shook his head and said, “I will try to place a small magic array on the ground to see if I can pull some 【Flames of Earth Core】up.”

After getting more than a dozen various colored rubies, the old man started to use his white bone cane as a pen and slowly drew a magic array on the ground. The cane that was made from [Remains of Demon] was very easy to use. Cain felt like his magic energy flowed easily in the cane, and the cane even had some additional benefits towards drawing magic arrays. One end of the cane easily drew out a series of delicate, yet fine patterns on the ground smoothly on the hard stone-like ground. Fei had to admit that old man Cain’s magic array knowledge was at a very high level.

This was also a rare learning opportunity for Fei, so he observed earnestly.

After following the Priestess around, Fei had learned a lot of knowledge about magic, and he had acquired some basics regarding magic arrays. He was no longer the brainless idiot who only knew how to cast all kinds of magic spells, but didn’t have a clue about the fundamentals and theories. There were six kinds of magic arrays: Five-pointed Non-elemental Arrays, Six-pointed Elemental Arrays, Assembly Arrays, decomposed Arrays, Symbol Arrays, and Physical Combination Arrays. Each one of them had different effects and different powers. Because 【Flame of Earth Core】contained the power of the fire element, the magic array that the old man Cain was drawing on the ground was a combination of Six-pointed Elemental Array and Physical Combination Array. During the process, Cain put away his “obscene” expression, and a rare serious and careful expression took over. He was very concentrated as he was trying to avoid condensing the magic elements at the wrong locations, which could cause an explosion and put everyone in danger.

After half an hour, a mystic magic array that was about a meter in diameter was finally engraved onto the ground.

The outer-most layer of magic arrays was almost always circles; circles represented circulation and could prevent magic power from dispersing into the air. Inside the circle, there were magic loops; they were the conductors that made sure magic power would flow smoothly in the array. The more the magic looped, the more complicated and higher level the magic array was, and the more magic power and energy was required to drew them. Normally, gem powder grinded from Magic Stones was needed to draw Magic Arrays, but since Cain had the white bone cane made from [Remains of Demons], he was able to skip this step. Also, the power of a magic array was dependent on the quality of the gem powder and the mage’s magic power… It didn’t matter if it was on Azeroth Continent or in the Diablo World, these were all the basic knowledge and fundamentals of magic arrays.

The old man Cain was so tired that he was breathing with his tongue out like a dead dog. After some rest, he carefully placed six red [Chipped Rubies] into the six corners of the Six-Pointed Elemental Array and followed it up by injecting weak magic power into it.

Then, something magical happened –

The magic array was stimulated and started to function. The Rubies had a light red fire flashing on them as magic energy surged strictly according to the patterns and loops on the ground. A series of thin red lines started to appear, and they all merged at the center of the array. A red light suddenly emitted from the magic array and shot up towards the sky, and a huge suction force and vortex arose from the magic array. After the ground shook for several minutes, a light orange-red flame gradually appeared from the very center of the array.

“It came out… Hahaha, look! It is really the 【Flame of Earth Core】!”

The old man Cain was so excited that he started to stomp his feet forcefully on the ground. But soon, he was like a crowing rooster who had its neck pinched as his cheers instantly paused. At the critical moment, for some reason, all the lights that were emitting from the magic array dimed down and soon lost their magic energy surge. As a result, the weak orange-red flames that finally appeared after all this work disappeared from the air.

“Ah, the level of these magic gems are not high enough…” After old man Cain walked up to the array to inspect it, he realized that all six [Chipped Rubies] were depleted of magic energy and turned into ordinary grey stones.

“Then I have no solution then. I don’t have six higher leveled rubies. Let’s try tomorrow!” As Fei saw this scene, he suddenly remembered that he had copied down the magic arrays from the stone rooms on the other side of the abyss, so he took it out to show this magic maniac.

“Uh? What is this? Strange, this pattern is very familiar to me…”

Old man Cain’s occupational disease instantly appeared. He had this habit; every time he found something that interested him, he would enter a mad state where he would ignore everyone. Unless he actually figured out what he had in his hands, he wouldn’t acknowledge anyone. Therefore, he ditched Fei who was standing beside him for an answer and turned around and went through the teleportation portal far away to go back to 【Rogue Encampment】to research and study the magic arrays on the sheet.

Fei turned around, and he saw Priestess Akara who was stilling on the mountain trying to select top quality bones greedily. He shook his head as he saw this and went back to 【Rogue Encampment】as well.

For the next five or six days, Fei’s findings and discovery speed toned down; he made no new discoveries.

After he formed enough [Perfect Gems] by using the Horadric Cube, he returned to the corridors on the other side of chilling abyss. There were some changes after he placed five [Perfect Gems] into the five spherical stone pillars and activated all five magic arrays. A crystal blue pattern appeared on the stone tablet that had no words on it. No matter how hard Fei tried to understand it, he got nowhere. From the first impression, he felt like it was a magic array, but it couldn’t be further away from the truth. The pattern didn’t have a circular outer layer, and all the magic loops on it were different. It was probably an unknown map and not a magic array. With all the thin paths and complicated lines, it looked like a circuit board that Fei studied in his previous life. What was special about this map was that there was a little eye-catching red dot.



* * *





Chapter 159 Part 2




Chapter 159.2

Chapter 159: Vigorous Change PART 2

Other than that, nothing was out of the ordinary.

Fei could not understand the meaning of the patterns on the stone tablet, and the functionality of the five spherical stone pillars seemed to just activate the stone tablet so this pattern would show. Other than that, no matter how Fei tried to stimulate the magic arrays on these five spherical stone pillars, nothing new appeared. Old man Cain was still studying that five magic arrays that Fei copied down onto a sheet; from his initial research, he thought that these magic arrays were supporting magic arrays for some kind of teleportation array. These arrays were missing a very important center piece, so they couldn’t be operated. In the meantime, Fei had taken Priestess Akara to the stone room to check out the mysterious pattern, but she wasn’t able to make any discoveries as well.

After all this, Fei had to be patient and take it one step at a time.

For the next ten days or so, Fei took half of his day exploring tens of thousands of corridors on the other side of the abyss to see if he was able to find the correct path to get out the maze and check out the big secret that was hiding behind it. Although he wasn’t progressing at a high speed, he was making some progress. From Fei’s estimation, after more than ten days, he might actually find the right path. Other than that, he had explored the big mysterious space and found that this space that was at least several dozen square kilometers big. It contained chilling abysses on all three sides. Except for the wall that was connected to the underground cave where Fei came in from, all the other three sides were cut off completely. This space was U-shaped.

Of course, except for exploring the mysterious space, Fei didn’t forget to kill monsters in the Diablo World to level up his skills.

After fifteen days, the first two quests in the second map 【Lut Gholein】were completely by all seven of his characters. His Barbarian Character was level 27; his sorceress Character was level 27 as well; his Amazon Character was level 26, as well as his Paladin Character and his Assassin Character; his Druid Character followed at level 25; and his Necromancer Character came in last at level 24. Fei’s strength improvement was very obvious, and his overall fighting ability approached a mid-tier five star warrior; he even had the confidence to challenge a top-tier five star warrior that was one rank above his level.

Other than killing monsters and trying to level up every day, Fei would switch to Assassin Mode and sense how the Zen Energy was flowing in his body so he could reference it with the training scrolls from his storage space and add new energy connection channels to them and create brand new energy training scrolls.

After fifteen days, Fei had made more improvements to [Lightning Speed Fists] and created several other new energy training scrolls. After he tested, experimented and refined them himself, he gave them to Elena so she could take them to [Castle of Heroes] and give them to Fei’s preselected henchmen.

When Fei was working hard and improving his skills and Chambord’s strength, the other people weren’t relaxing and chilling around.

In the same fifteen days, old man Cain had used five [Perfect Rubies] to operate the magic array and finally pulled the legendary【Flames of Earth Core】out of the cracks. He gave it to the female blacksmith Charsi so she could start forging 【Black Stone Essence】ores. Charsi didn’t disappoint Fei and extracted a ton of pure 【Black Stone Essence】, forged it onto [Remains of Demons], and created a ton of pure black armor and weapons. This way, the white colored[Remains of Demons] armor would be covered so the soldiers and commanders of Chambord wouldn’t look too terrifying. If Chambord was deemed a kingdom of the

undead, the Holy Church would definitely take action. Since【Black Stone Essence】didn’t take away from the magic and warrior energy conductivity of the weapons made from [Remains of Demons], Fei put all these items back into his storage ring in satisfaction.

The obscene old man Cain and Priestess Akara spent most of their time selecting the best [Remains of Demons] since the bones had different qualities. Except for when they were called to [Castle of Heroes] to lecture the first generation of University Students, they spent all their time here selecting and organizing all the [Remains of Demons], and they took these bones back to 【Rogue Encampment】to store according to their quality.

Time slowly passed. When Fei was about two-thirds done exploring the beehive-like corridors on the wall, the mysterious space finally had some changes.

“What is this? I feel like the temperature is getting hotter and hotter…”

Female blacksmith Charsi who was extracting 【Black Stone Essence】with the help from 【Flames of Earth Core】and several female rogues frowned as she looked around curiously. As a talented forger and blacksmith, her sensitivity to temperature was far superior to ordinary people. Even the slightest temperature change wouldn’t escape Charsi’s senses.

As they heard what Charsi said, the female rogues stopped what they were working on and looked around as well. A loli-like girl who had brown hair suddenly looked at the cracks on the ground and pointed at them as she gasped, “Yeah! Look! There is steam coming out of the cracks…”

Everyone looked at the cracks on the ground and they discovered that heat energy in the form of hot steam was slowly coming up from the cracks on the ground.

Fei lightly put his hand into the crack; he could clearly feel that the temperature coming from underground was increasing at the slow yet steady speed. In a blink of an eye, the whole mysterious space felt a little humid and hot. At this moment, Fei made another strange discovery. “Why is there so much fog in the air?”

“Fog? How could fog form in this condition?”

After Fei was stunned shortly, he thought of something and his face changed color.

Boom! The ground under Fei’s feet exploded as his body shot away like a bullet towards the chilling abyss’ defense line. As his body turned into a phantom, his voice also sounded clearly beside Charsi and female rogues’ ears. “Quickly pack up. Return to the camp in ten minutes! Don’t delay at all!”

Since no one dared to object the Supreme Leader’s voice and Charsi and the female rogues sensed the seriousness of Fei’s words, they quickly packed up the tent and the finished and work-in-progress weapons and armor. They retreated to 【Rogue Encampment】in the Diablo World from the teleportation portal.

In a few seconds, Fei had arrived beside the dark chilling abyss that was at the edge of the mysterious space.

As he expected, the chilliness around the abyss was getting greater and greater as a cold moisture that gave Fei a chill to his bones rushed out of the abyss rapidly. The cold air from the abyss and the hot air from the cracks collided into each other and created this enormous amount of fog. The two forces in the air started to fight with each other and started to create some wind…

“Wind?”

A light bulb went off in Fei’s head; in an instant, he knew how the huge amount of suction force appeared out of nowhere when he was stilling exploring the corridor that let to this place. He was very curious as to how wind could be created when there wasn’t a huge amount of air flow in here…… So this was the root to all the problem.

As Fei was thinking for the few seconds, terrifying howling noise sounded from the abyss that seemed bottomless; all these howling sounded like numerous ancient demons were roaring and struggling under the abyss. As this terrifying noise resonated in the mysterious space, numerous white hard dust-like objects shot out of the abyss with the cold and moist air. Fei grabbed onto some of them and realized that they were all chipped ice pieces. But before he could figure out where these chipped ice pieces were from, loud “booming” noises sounded around him. He looked up and saw huge pieces of ice that were the size of a large rock shoot out of the abyss and land beside him.

“Oh shit!”

This really took Fei by surprise, and he started to dodge the icy rocks.

As time passed by, the ice pieces that were shooting out of the abyss were getting bigger and bigger; from the size of a car to the size of a hill, it seemed like an invisible hand was throwing them at Fei. The terrifying cold air was rushing out of the abyss alongside the ice pieces, and a thick frost appeared on Fei’s eyebrows and hair. Fei felt like he was so cold that his nose hairs were frozen and super hard. He quickly switched to Sorcerer Mode and put on his 【Arcanna’s Tricks】item set. After he summoned a thin layer of fire magic elements around him, he finally felt some warmth.

The only thing was that the temperature of the air was dropping at a significant pace, and Fei was having a hard time blocking this cold air as a level 27 Sorceress. He was in danger of freezing to death.

Fei quickly backed off.

However, the hot steam coming from the crack under the ground was also getting stronger and stronger. At this point, red light appeared from all of the cracks, and even some orange-red flames appeared in these lights. As the hot air and cold air met in the air, a thick fog was instantly created. Soon, hail the size of beans started to fall from above and smashed down on Fei’s head… In this mysterious underground space, a storm was actually pouring.

Boom! Rumble! Rumble!

As the thunder sounded, some lightning flashed in the thick fog.

Then, the air in the mysterious space started to turn and cycle around each other crazily. Fei quickly backed off to a huge stone pillar beside the mountain of bones to hide from the strong wind. When he raised his head and looked up, what he saw shocked him…



* * *





Chapter 160




Chapter 160

Chapter 160: Coming Out

In front of his eyes, a tornado that was about a hundred meters in diameter thick had formed some time ago. Like a pillar that was connected to the sky, it slowly moved towards the mountain of bones as it twirled its vicious body. The white fog continuously rushed into the pillar like tornado, and the tornado’s diameter gradually grew bigger and bigger. Soon, it had enveloped the entire mountain of bones in it.

An irresistible suction force was created by the tornado that seemed connected to the ceiling of this mysterious space.

Huge blocks of ice were also being thrown from the chilling abyss from all three sides. These cold gales were like tangible objects; although Fei had already backed to the very center of this mysterious space, he was still able to feel the cold air. He felt like the cold wing was like numerous needles poking his face. This degree of freezing sensation was far beyond everything that Fei thought about before. If he didn’t use all of his magical power and spread a layer of fire magic elements around him, he would be frozen into a corpse already. At the same time, a ton of hot air was being injected into the mysterious space from the dense, spider web like cracks on the ground. 【Flame of Earth Core】also appeared sometimes and emitted terrifying heat; Fei felt like the stone like ground was getting soft to the point that it was going to melt.

These two completely opposite forces started a battle till the death between them in this mysterious space.

When the hot air met the cold air, a series of magnificent meteorological wonders appeared.

Fei should immediately open up the teleport portal and leave this extreme and dangerous place. However, he felt like a voice out of nowhere was calling him deep down in his ears, “Stay, if you stay, you will get the stuff that is beyond your imagination……”

It was a very strange feeling; it was very vague, and it felt like the calling and the sensation of a close relative who he shared blood with.

Fei wasn’t someone who was so careless and would risk his life for some benefits; instead, he was very careful most of the time. However, at this moment, he decided firmly to stay for some reason. He took out the rope from his storage space and tied himself tightly onto the thickest and the strongest stone pillar that was not too far from the mountains of bones. At the same time, he held onto the stone pillar tightly with his hands to avoid getting pulled into the tornado that was getting bigger and more terrifying. He also used all of the magic power in his body to protect himself against the coldness from the abyss and the hot heat from the cracks that took turns to invade him.

It was an extremely painful process.

Although he had 【Arcanna’s Trick】, a level 7 Green Items Set to protect him, but the coldness from the abyss and the heat from the cracks weren’t simple energies. They were able to penetrate through this item set easily and invade into Fei’s body. This pain wasn’t tolerable by ordinary humans; it felt a little similar to how the 【Hulk Potion】transformed and strengthened his body. These energies froze Fei’s body to an icicle, then roasted his body till half-cooked for a while. However, Fei was still able to clearly felt that his body’s strength was slowly increasing as these two extreme energies took turns destroying his body repeatedly. Different from killing monsters in the Diablo World and leveling up, every single cell in his body was experiencing destruction and regeneration; during the process, the impurities and the hidden toxins in his body were completely wiped out……

It was quite hard, but Fei had his consciousness completely clear during the process. He stared at the mountain of bones that was enveloped by the tornado closely; the mysteri

ous call was from the mountain of bones.

At this time, the cold air and ice blocks was coming out of the dark abyss more and more, and the heat energy from the cracks on the ground, as if it didn’t want to show weakness, boosted its heat output significantly as well. The two difference forces continued to run into each other and formed a lot more white steam and violent air flow. In the mysterious mountains, there were thunder, lighting and numerous other meteorological phenomena; all these together formed a bad weather microcirculation.

The diameter of the tornado was getting so big that the entire mountain of bones was covered by it. As the suction force from the tornado was getting stronger and stronger. Cracking noises sounded from the mountain of bones, and some of the big bones were getting pulled into the air and swirled and cycled around in the tornado crazily.

Gradually, more and more bones were getting pulled into the tornado and rotated aggressively in the air with the tornado.

Fei suddenly noticed something very strange. Not sure when but since the tornado started, didn’t matter which meteorological phenomena occurred, it had always been around the center of the mysterious space, right on top of the mountain of bones to be more exact, and didn’t diverge away from it at all. As the tornado got stronger, all of the bones that formed the mountain in the first place got sucked into the tornado and flew around like straws as if they were locked in some kind of a fish tank.

This was the source of the suction force that Fei experienced when he just went into the corridor behind the huge iron gates in the underground cave.

For that past twenty days or so, Fei was thinking about where the suction force was from, and now it was all in the open. The reaction of extremely cold air and hot air created the tornado phenomena. This tornado was stronger than all the tornados that Fei had heard about; it was like it had broken the wind scale that people in his previous life created, and it wasn’t surprising to see this level of suction force.

As the entire mountain of bones was pulled apart and pulled into the air, Fei had finally seen what was behind the mountain of bones.

It seemed like it was a pile of bone powder. Since this powder was extremely light, they were sucked into air immediately after the bones were up in the air.

At this moment, Fei’s pupil instantly contracted as an unbelieving expression appeared on his face.

He saw a complete magic array under the piles of bone powder. It was a magic array that was still functioning! With all kind of colors shining on it, it broke the space as these lights combined together and formed a dark blue teleport portal. This portal was very similar to the teleport port used in the Diablo World; it was in a blue oval shape and was about two meters tall. Water like blue light would flash though it infrequently, and it looked like condensed amber from afar.

At this moment, that kinship like calling became stronger and stronger in Fei’s mind.

Fei was completely sure that this intimate calling was from that dark blue teleport portal.

“What is behind this portal that is attracting me this much?”

Fei had an irresistible impulse of untying the rope on him and rushing into that portal to check it out. But at that very critical moment, that last tiny bit of consciousness that he had stopped him from doing so. Without question, if he broke away from the rope, he would definitely be sucked into the terrifying tornado and turned into meat paste by these [Remain of Demons] that were as hard and sharp as god-tier weapons and rotating at an insane speed. There was no chance for him to actually reach the center of the tornado and get into that mysterious teleport portal.

He had to come up with better ways.

Fei forced himself to calm down.

After two three hours, the speed of ice blocks shooting up at the mysterious space and chilling air coming up from the abyss slowed, and the heat energy coming from the underground was getting weaker and weaker as well. The result of the two forces slowing down was that the pouring rain toned down, and the thunders and lightings soon disappeared as well. Even the tornado in Fei’s eyes was getting weaker.

Then, as Fei expected, all the changes started to calm down.

As the wind slowed down, the huge bones that were flying in the air started to fall down back onto the ground. The bigger and heavier bones landed on the ground first. They fell back down on the magic array and the teleport portal; although they were heavy, the magic array wasn’t damaged at all. Slowly, more and more bones dropped and they stacked up onto each other; soon, a new mountain was formed. The tornado was like an agile huge hand and placed each bone to the most suitable position. The higher up on the mountain, the smaller the diameter. Soon, the final piece of bone was placed on the top of the mountain, and the mountain was reformed.

Then, the flying bone powder slowly fell down from the sky and sprinkled onto the mountain of white bones.

Although the wind was decreasing, it was still shaking and pressuring this new mountain of white bones. All the bone powders that were sprinkled on top of the mountain gradually “sunk” to the bottom of the mountain through the gaps between the bones……. Till the end, the tornado disappeared, all the bones stacked onto each other firmly and tightly, and a brand new mountain of white bones was reformed.

Fei was stunned as he witnessed the whole process.

Extremely fine craftsmanship!

It was the real craftsmanship that nature had!

“So this is how the mountain of white bones was formed. So it looks like the chilling abyss and the 【Flame of Earth Core】would “erupt” every twenty days. It will create all the meteorological phenomena, and it will also reform the mountain of white bones!” This explained why this mountain of white bones didn’t had any dust on it when Fei just came here and looked brand new. It looked like it was newly constructed and made Fei think that there was a hidden creature in here who just build this dark and horrifying bone mountain.

After thinking about the mysterious magic array and the teleport portal under the mountain of white bones, Fei tried to “dig” up a path in this bone mountain and get to them. However, it was very hard and almost impossible. These [Remains of Demons] were so tightly stacked onto each other that Fei was only able to pull out a few bones on the surface. These bones were also very tough, and Fei wasn’t able to use his sharp sword to break open a path.

“Looks like I have to come up with some better plans later!”

After trying for a while, Fei decided to give up on this mission. Maybe after he gets strong enough or finds some way to withstand the strong wind or find a way to directly break through the mountain of white bones and get to the teleport portal, he could give it a shot. However, that wasn’t the case now!”

Fei had got a ton of benefits from witnessing these meteorological phenomena. His body was strengthened under the two completely opposite energy of the abyss’s chill and the crack’s heat; his body was strengthened at least one time over. Since Fei’s body was already very special and was immune to the【Hulk Potion】at this point, it was quite a surprise that his body had improved again.

To Fei, this improvement meant a lot to him.

This meant that the strength and power he had from Diablo World could be unleashed more; his body was too weak for him to use all of his powers.

After this incident, Fei returned to Diablo World and continued training and having some moments of peace.

In the blink of an eye, another ten days passed. In the ten days, Fei repeated what he did before: kill monsters to level up, use the Zen Power of his Assassin Mode to revise training scrolls by adding more energy connection channels, help Charsi to get a design, forge all kinds of items, follow Priestess Akara and old man Cain to learn the knowledge about magic…… the month long time limit had arrived, and he had to come out and return back to Chambord city!



* * *





Chapter 161




Chapter 161

Chapter 161: Chambord City King came out of Hiatus?

Chambord City.

The six star empires of the 250 subsidiaries empires under the jurisdiction of the Zenit Empire had weak national strength, and small territory. Previously, a single person could easily bully these small kingdoms. Not much people would pay attention to these small countries.

But since four months ago, when King Alexander, an idiot king of Chambord city, suddenly returned to normal, things began to go in a direction that no one would have thought of.

The battle of the Black Armor Army was not known by the other subsidiary countries, but what happened at the top of the mountain during the King’s coronation and the news of the coalition of nine nations who surprise attacked Chambord to annihilate it quickly spread among the major subsidiaries of the Zenit Empire.

The rumors of the King of Chambord Alexander and his subordinate’s valor had spread out like the waves of golden grass on the windy plains outside of Chambord’s wall, to the ears of the other kings. Although the continent of Azeroth was not as modern as earth with its media outlets, the spread of such messages was not slow.

At first, there were people who scoffed at it.

How strong was a small, small, six-star kingdom? Stop joking, not to mention the nine nation Coalition, even if it was only the Chishui Kingdom alone could very easily annihilate Chambord within the time it takes to eat a meal and capture Chambord’s royal family. It was impossible to beat nine nations.

But the next fact slapped all of the skeptics in the face.

Because over the past one month, some of the countries that were said to have been defeated by Chambord in the rumors actually sent out diplomats to Chambord, with timid attitudes to humbly send war reparations. The way that the defeated nations were forced into such a humiliating situation reached the other king’s attention. Almost for all the eyes, this finally confirmed Chambord city’s previous news of victory.

At this point, the big affiliates had finally woken up, and they started re-examining the sudden rise of the small country.

Things started to get interesting!

In less than 20 days, the arms drill battle of the 250 affiliated countries under the Zenit Empire was about to begin. This was to determine the fate of all subsidiary kingdoms with a single grand contest. but also a place for ambitious characters to have competitions. No one wants to, during such a crucial time, suddenly have to compete with such a mysterious fighter, breaking the delicate balance of the boulder, and breaking their previously set up chess arrangement.

So in this period of time, Chambord city had an influx of many people from other countries such as emissaries, spies, traders, bards, mercenaries, adventurers … A large number of people with a variety of different purposes came into Chambord city. This small frontier settlement had never become so bustling.

Of course, the influx of outsiders also brought a test to the public order of Chambord city.

In the world of the strong, where the jungle law prevails, it was too common for one provocative sentence to cause warriors and mercenaries to pull out their weapons and fight to decide who was in the right. Additionally, there were some people who deliberately provoked trouble to test the strength of Chambord city. Violent matters were happening within Chambord city non-stop. The first attempt by the ministry of justice for restoring the town’s public order was a bit unorganized and chaotic. This was a major headache for right prime minister Bast, but then Regimental Commander Brooks dispatched the King’s two Golden Horsemen, Drogba and Pierce, with dozens of saints and soon resolved the problem.

The streets were finally calmed down.

“Look, thos

e are Chambord City’s two big beasts!”

“Those two brawny dudes? The ones that look kinda dumb? They were the ones that beat the Maple Leaf Mercenary Corps’ 11 masters all disabled, then grabbed them across Chambord city to that ‘small black house’?”

“Yes, it was them. See that guy with the black hair? He was the one that bent his back slightly and easily spun the arrogant two-star peak strength captain of the Maple Leaf Mercenary Corp dizzy, where he could not even struggle slightly. … He is really terrifying. You did not see the situation at that time, I suspect that if that guy slammed into the castle walls, it would collapse!”

“And that white-haired fellow, his hands could be compared to divine weapons. He can crush any weapon and armor, and it is said that so far no one has been able to receive one of his attacks…”

“My God, where did the Chambord city find these two savages?”

“Don’t know … But don’t underestimate the group of brawny men behind those two beasts called the Golden horsemen of Chambord. They are also not easily provoked. Some people have seen that their trainings looked like life and death hand to hand combat sessions. Those 20 strong men have thrown the two beasts onto the ground…

As Drogba and Pierce’s patrol team walked in, the few young mercenaries sitting in the bar closed their mouths. No one dared to act as brazenly as they did 10 days ago. The general law enforcement, Chambord City’s Saint Seiya warriors and the Bylaw Enforcement officers have made a fierce name for themselves. Completely shocking those outsiders who were unwilling to obey the rules. The small black room, as if on cue every day, released blood curdling sound of screaming, turning these people with malicious thoughts into docile sheep. And now, as soon as one sees the two beasts of Chambord called the golden horsemen coming over with the Saint Seiya, one would feel as though they were face to face with a mountain crushing over, not even daring to talk loudly. If the other party saw, everyone will get a feeling akin to that of a monster from hell staring at them.

Until the Chambord King’s two Golden Knights with the Saint Seiya disappeared to the far corner of the street, did the mercenaries in the bar finally relax.

“Hu Hu Hu, finally gone … Damn it. When they look at me, I don’t even have the heart to drink!”

“Drink what wine? It’s almost time for the goddess to appear. Let’s hurry and go together to see the goddess!”

“Goddess?”

“Hey, don’t say you really do not know. Every afternoon at this time, there will be a goddess riding a huge black dog, appearing in the plains next to the river outside the city. Many people claim that she is the embodiment of the goddess. It was even said that the migrating black swans can’t resist the urge to stop when they see her beautiful face.”

While the young mercenary was talking, his eyes were shining. Drinking malt wine, everyone’s testosterone levels were raging. The hormone secretion was exuberant. Hearing that there was a beauty, the group of people all got up, and set off outside the city. Even some of the other good people in the wine bar, hearing the goddess described with such words, also got up and followed in the back.

Outside the city.

The autumn plains looked like one span of gold. The autumn wind was blowing magnificently, as the sea of gold surged with waves.

White clouds floated in the blue sky, with sunshine warming the scene of the boundless Golden Prairie. A group of horses in the grassland galloping were like dragons proudly swimming in the sea. On top of a elevated mound in the plains was the big black dog, closing its eyes sleepily while lying in the grass. Sixty of the high level Roaring Flame Beasts were like loyal bodyguards, surrounding and protecting the surroundings.

This was a tranquil and beautiful late autumn picture. The original will definitely cause countless people to be ecstatic.

However, all the luster, was stolen by girl standing next to the big black dog.

Her skin was as white as snow, eyes were like clear water. She had an elegant noble temperament, causing the onlookers to be ashamed of their inferiority, to not dare to profane this scene.

As if all the beauty and luster between heaven and earth was all concentrated on this girl body, nothing could take away her countenance.

The young mercenaries came out of town, over the stone bridge and the steel drawbridge, onto a flat small hill, just to see the scene.

All of them stood on the spot, like a thunderbolt struck their faces, losing the ability to think.

Was there such a beautiful maiden in the world?

Everyone felt as though their hearts were flying out of their bodies to the girl that looked like a goddess, wishing that this life had been accompanied by her side. There would be no regrets.

A young man in the crowd had lost his ability to think, like his soul was being controlled by someone. He walked towards the girl in a daze, his eyes sluggish. Next to him, a slightly older companion reacted, hurriedly grabbed him and shouted: “David, are you crazy? Do you want to die?”

“I … I just want to say a few words to her!” The young man struggled.

“Say a few words? Young man, do you know who she is? Chambord city King Alexander’s fiancée, Chambord City right prime Minister Bast’s daughter, the undisputed future first lady of Chambord City. Even if the two beasts and the Saint Seiya meet her, they would act obediently like little kittens … You look at the big black dog beside her, even two-star warriors can be torn apart by it in seconds. The legend is that Chambord King Alexander went to the abyss of Hell to capture the Cerberus …” The more the older companions talked, the more incredible and exaggerated it became, “Also, you see those four-level monster scarlet Flame beasts around her? Every one of them is ferocious. It is said that in a short span of more than half a month they have trampled dead more than 10 perverts … Strangely enough, these fiery magical beasts act like a meek servant to the Chambord-King’s fiancée.”

Some of the others around have been listening a little bit.

It turned out that this stunning girl had such a profound background, and her ability also didn’t look simple. At least in the field of commanding the crafty beasts around her, she seemed to be very talented.

“What a pity, such a good girl is actually marrying the Chambord king who is a legendary idiot!” The young mercenary soldier, who was finally pulled back by his companions, angrily cursed.

“The King of Chambord is not an idiot now, you just have to look at the 12 Bronze Knight code …”

The older companion was just about to say something, suddenly–

Dang dang dang–!!!!

That giant iron bell at the gate of Chambord City was suddenly sounded, after god knows how long it has been silent.

The distant grand bell pierced the peace between heaven and Earth, instantly resounding through the city, startling a group of birds in the mountains. As the bell echoed, a sudden tension and excitement began to spread through the whole of Chambord city.

On the distant golden grassland, the big black dog that was squinting his eyes napping, his ears suddenly erected with light bursting out of his eyes. Beside it, the stunning maiden who had showed an indifferent facial expression for the past month, suddenly had a look of pleasant surprise showing in her pair of beautiful eyes. She jumped onto the big black dog’s back, whistled a sound, and the horses and more than 60 Roaring Flame beasts that were playing on the meadow suddenly neatly lined up into a team formation. Then, behind the big black dog, they started galloping, trembling the Earth, and like a wave they flooded into the Chambord city.

“Could it be… The Chambord City King Alexander who claimed to be training in isolation, finally came out?!”

The city had a lot of outsiders with different motives, and when they saw the scene, at the same time, they revealed a shocked expression, all looking towards Chambord city palace from different directions.

______________

Alright so we have this idea. We can do about 1000 english words of HTK every day, so we want to know if you rather have us upload a half chapter once every day for 4 days, or just 1 at a time, or just both at once. So here’s a poll and let us know what you think



* * *





Chapter 162




Chapter 162

Chapter 162 . 1: Explosive Growth of National Strength

The moment the bell rang, almost everyone from Chambord City had the urge to let out a long sigh of relief .

This time, the bell didn’t sound because there was an enemy attack, but rather because their King had come back .

Everyone saw the two Golden Horsemen below Chambord King’s Throne, and all levels of military and political officials hurried towards the royal palace . The city streets suddenly became quiet, and all the citizens came out of their homes and looked towards the direction of the palace, which was situated on a high ground in the north . Now, everyone was completely impressed by their young king, not to mention the fact that they defeated the Black Armor Army and the Nine Kingdom Coalition . Even during this short period that King Alexander went on a hiatus, the whole city could clearly feel the influence left behind by King Alexander .

During this time, a lot of things happened in Chambord City .

The first was a command left behind by King Alexander before he went on a hiatus . The large amount of garbage that was piled in the garbage section of the city was all cleared by Warden Oleg and his men within one month . It was a very strange processing method which most people didn’t understand . But after seeing the how the garbage was soaked in a pool until it became a thick paste, which was then processed into paper, the whole city started boiling .

These piles of garbage had been a little cancerous tumor in Chambord City, and during every summer, there would be flies and bugs everywhere . This was the source of the mess and disease . One month before the whole city underwent a reorganization of all the functional areas, someone suggested to dump all the garbage into the Zuli River, but it was stopped right away by the King . No one would’ve thought that these piles of filthy trash that not even stray dogs would get close to would one day be turned into paper .

It’s not like there was no paper on Azeroth Continent, but in rural and poor places like Chambord City, paper was a very rare thing . Even when people recorded or passed commands in the Royal Palace, they would usually use soft cloth or processed animal skin . Little gadgets like paper could be regarded as a luxury item . But now, with large amounts of garbage being made into thick paste and then processed into paper, all the poor people in the city could afford to use paper now .

To the many lower class citizens in Chambord city, the disappearance of garbage and appearance of paper also brought them many benefits, because anyone that was willing to go to the “Chambord City Paper Mill” to help out could earn 2 silver coins per day . To most people, this was a very rare money-making opportunity . It was almost deep into autumn, and the harvesting season had passed, so everyone wanted to make some money safely to get through the winter .

The second thing was that all the sewage systems that were previously clogged due to wrong usage and poor maintenance were renovated and put into use again . These accessible sewers and drainage systems existed since a long time ago, but the kings in the past did not pay much attention to their renovation, causing these drainage systems to become blocked . There was also another order left behind by King Alexander . Warden Oleg led a bunch of people and painstakingly dredged up these drainage systems that had been clogged for years . At first, some people did not understand why it was worth the hassle, but helpers could receive silver coins everyday, so they were happy to go and work . Once the drainage system was completely cleared and every household added a simple water pipeline, the citizens found out that the original drainage system could make life much easier . Then, the way people looked at the fatty warden Oleg also became warmer . Oleg was once the representative of darkness and cruel torture, but after the introduction of the papermill and sewage system, people realized that this fatty was also slowly changing .

The third thing was that one month had finally allowed the city’s people to adapt to the 12-bronze warrior’s code . Not only did they get used to it, but even the recent influx of foreigners also adapted to the code . There was no other way; they had no choice but to adapt… At first, there were indeed some blind d*cks that didn’t take it seriously and deliberately broke the law . The result was that the city of the Holy Warriors and urban management surrounded them and gave them a ruthless beating . Then, they were taken to the “little black house” for a few days . After a few times, all the outsiders learned to behave, and the first thing they did when coming to Chambord City was go to the temple and recite the 12-Bronze Warriors’ code of Chambord city, just in case they accidently breached the law and got beaten up into a dead pile of sh*t by those stubborn bylaw enforcers .

During this process, Chambord city’s cohesion rapidly increased .

In the past during every autumn season, there would be some mercenaries, caravans, samurais, small merchants and thieves coming to the Chambord city . It was because autumn was a good hunting season, and many magic beasts would be laying cubs during the spring and autumn . It was a good time for adventurers to make money . These foreign people would often get into conflicts with the natives of Chambord city . With Chambord’s past strength, they have been unable to protect their own people . To the natives, these foreigners were the source of nightmares . But now, it was different . Chambord King Alexander’s fame became increasingly prominent, and under his command, the two Golden Horsemen, Saint Seiyas, and 200 Bylaw Enforcement Officers were like wolves and tigers . They had already conquered those damn outsiders with their fists . Other than the first few days, no one dared to riot in the city . Therefore, the natives of Chambord city could now walk in the streets with their head held up high and enjoy the eyes of outsiders that were filled with respect . Even if they met a stray dog on the streets, those outsiders who used to be very aggressive and arrogant wouldn’t have any choice but to show some respect!

This kind of powerful and protected feeling was a wonderful thing, and it made everyone feel that being a member of the Chambord city was a fortune .

Everyone knew who brought this to Chambord City .

Now, that man was back .

And with half a month left, the biggest grand Prix of the Zenit Empire – the Arms Drill Battle would be taking place . Almost every citizen in Chambord city, from the oldest elder to the youngest kids, were all firmly convinced that the Arms Drill Battle, which had been a disaster for the past Chambord city, would be the chance for Chambord to shine on the world stage .

All eyes were on the palace .

There was a figure that was their source of confidence, as well as their belief .

……

0 . 5 out of 2 regular chaps for this week posted

Hail the King Chapter 162 . 2

Chambord City Palace .

King’s Hall .

On the white stone king’s throne accompanied by two giant magic beast lion stone statues, Fei’s eyes were like electricity, overlooking all of his followers .

The atmosphere in the hall made Fei feel satisfied .

In the past month, no one had been lazy . With Fei’s current strength, just one glance was all he needed to tell that the strength of those in the hall had grown significantly .

Drogba and Pierce, the two big men, had grown to the two-star peak, and their breakthrough was imminent . They were one foot into the ranks of a three-star Warrior . If coupled with their Taurus helmet and Excalibur which they acquired earlier, the strength of these two would even be able to match pinnacle three-star warriors .

Saint Seiya leader Peter Cech’s growth also shocked Fei . Currently, he broke into the three-star level rank . This former pinnacle two-star warrior was once turned into a useless samurai by the herald official Barzel, but after receiving the [Hulk Potion]’s refinement, his recovery speed was appalling . If Fei let Cech fight against the former Black Armor Army’s number 1 swordsman, Cech could instantly kill his opponent . However, for Petr Cech’s real combat ability, Fei didn’t have a good estimate . It was said that this Saint Seiya leader was a genius in terms of defense . Back in the old days when he was at the pinnacle of 2-star level, he could already defend the attacks from 3-star elites . He was quite famous among the affiliated kingdoms, and now Cech’s energy level had reached intermediate 3-star level, in addition to his [Hulk Potion]-enhanced physical body that already far exceeded others at the same level . It was absolutely worth looking forward to the combat ability he could exert in the future .

Chambord City’s military giant Brook was at the intermediate 2-star level . Although his growth was far slower than Drogba, Pierce, Cech and the others, in comparison to other warriors, this speed was already incredible . Of Course, Fei knew that there was a reason behind this situation . Brook managed the Bylaw Enforcement and Saint Seiyas, which were the two major military forces . Moreover, he was normally very busy, exhausting himself just to completely carry out Fei’s design for the city’s military . Naturally, he would have less time for training, but his loyalty towards Fei was undisputable . He was more careful than the big muscular men Drogba and Pierce, and also more intelligent than the training maniac Pierce . He truly had the glory and honor of a true knight . Whether it was before or after Fei’s rise, Brook deeply won the hearts of Chambord citizens . For such a person, although his strength may have not been the highest, he could let the others listen to him, and then use his own charisma to affect others . This was also why Fei appointed him to be the military leader in Chambord City .

Warden Oleg’s strength also surged . His energy almost approached the immediate 2-star level, except that he seemed to enjoy violent hand-to-hand combat with Drogba and the others . For a short and fat man that wasn’t even 1 . 7 meters tall, it was hard to believe that he went through a second growth with the residual [Hulk Potion], thereby reaching a height of 1 . 9 meters tall . However, all his fat was still there .

Of course, among everyone, the one that surprised Fei the most was the #1 elite of Chambord City in the past – Frank Lampard . Now, Frank still carried a big black sword on his back, but his water energy seemed to be gradually disappearing . Instead, what took its place was a rich thunder-type energy ready to surge . Fei could clearly feel that Lampard’s thunder-type energy’s level had faintly reached the intermediate 4-star level… This was too fast! To be able to re-start his energy training in a month and reach the intermediate 4-star level, how did he do it? Even with the help of the thunder-energy scroll [Thunder Lightning-Speed Punch], it still wouldn’t be possible to accomplish this much . What kind of secret was hidden behind the back of the former #1 elite in Chambord City? Fei became a little curious .

Besides a few newly rising elites, Fei’s personal bodyguard, Fernando Torres, also made some progress . This young man with a chivalrous heart had finally acquired the spirit of a soldier . This was a very talented teen . Fei previously gave this young man a book called [Aurora Sentence], which was an ice-type energy scroll . This was a 3-star scroll with 25 energy passages, and it seemed like Torres was practicing it well . Fei could feel that an incredible force of frost been cultivated inside this young man’s body, and it should have reached about the beginner 2-star level .

These few people are all elites that Fei focused on cultivating, and he was satisfied with their progress .

In addition, the strength of the several muscular men who participated in the Battle of the Stone Bridge had also improved . Due to being refined by that “holy f*ck why can this exist” potion, their physical body strength reached the intermediate 1-star level . However, among these people, not everyone had the talent to cultivate energy . Although their energy channels had been expanded, their progress in cultivation varied, with the best staying at around the 1-star level, and the worst not showing any signs of energy cultivation .

But besides these natives at Chambord city, Elena, Charsi, Kane, Akara, Kashya and the other elites from the Diablo world also showed up in the King’s main hall . Since they had previously appeared before in the underground stone maze at the back mountain as teachers, everyone was used to seeing them .

In terms of the civil side, although Bast was really busy, because Fei secretly arranged Angela to occasionally add a little [Comprehensive Recovery Potion] in his father-in-law’s daily diet, Bast’s stamina stayed at a good level, even showing a little sign of growing back towards his youth . Unfortunately, this old handsome man showed no interest in the world of cultivation .

But besides Bast, it was a bit awkward to discuss the talents in the civil side of Chambord city . The people by Bast’s side were all reputable old men with white hair and white beards . They were aging terribly . Right now, Bast occupied the spot of left and right prime minister, and the officials of the six sectors were all temporarily given to the old people . Right now, Fei could only wait for a few more talents in this field to come out from Chambord University . But fortunately, Chambord was a small kingdom that didn’t have too many citizens, so it wasn’t that hard to manage . Plus, during the battle on the Eastern mountain, Fei already borrowed someone else’s blade and completely cleaned up all the nobility, so of his new orders experiencing no opposition .

Fei’s eyes slowly swept past everyone in the main hall, and a sense of accomplishment arose in his heart .

In just four months, who would have thought that Chambord City’s strength would experience this kind of explosive growth?

With today’s national strength, even if the Black Armor Army invaded again, Fei was completely confident that he wouldn’t have to resort to the turtling strategy . There was no need to rely on the terrain advantage, nor was there a need to fake death again . Only one charge was needed, and Chambord’s army could eliminate the entire Black Armor Amy below the city’s feet . For those black knights that were once high up there, Chambord’s current saint seiyas could kill them within seconds .

“The Arms Drill Battle competition is right around the corner . I know that everyone already can’t wait anymore…” Fei faintly smiled, and his majestic voice sounded in each person’s ear . “During this drill battle, we will use our own hands and take back everything that we once lost!”

Then, Fei stood up and said, “Pass on my order . After three days, dispatch the entire army . Our destination is the empire capital St . Petersburg . Get ready to participate in the Arms Drill Battle competition!”



* * *





Chapter 163 Part 1




Chapter 163.1

Chapter 163.1: Far-Famed Chambord, and Hostile Kingdoms Paying their Respects

News of Chambord’s King completing his training and exiting seclusion quickly spread throughout the kingdom.

The people from the other kingdoms who were here to secretly observe and gather information became even more careful and active. The reason why they were here was to see how strong the sharply rising Chambord Kingdom was, so their kingdoms could better prepare for the upcoming Zenit Military Practice. There were 250 affiliated kingdoms under Zenit Empire; although most of the kings and their kingdoms were weak, there were a few conspirers and ambitious figures. They had big visions and wanted to consider all of their opponents into their future plans. Therefore, gathering information and intelligence was very important to them.

Of course, there were also some organizations that were built around gathering and selling information, so they also had their people in Chambord Kingdom.

All these people thought that it would be hard to get this important information, and they were ready to put up some sacrifices to get it. However, none of them expected the young king to host a kingdom-wide celebration on the square in front of the holy temple right after he finished his training. Everyone saw the handsome king of Chambord with his beautiful, goddess-like fiancée and future queen of Chambord at this celebration. Even all the key leaders and officials on both the civil and military side appeared on this celebration. What was the most surprising to a lot of people was that the eldest princess Tanasha of Zenit Empire who had a very high status also came to this celebration. She talked to Chambord’s king intimately as if they were old friends who hadn’t see each other for a while.

This celebration gave almost all the scouts and “detectives” the chance to meet all the influential figures at Chambord and observe and estimate Chambord’s real strength.

What made them feel even more “blessed” and was that during the climax of the celebration, the King of Chambord actually put on a so-called “Military Review”. The two strange and mysterious military forces of Chambord – Saint Seiya and Bylaw Enforcement Force – also uncovered their veils and showed everyone what they were made of.

There were only fifty people in the Saint Seiya formation. Like cavaliers, each of them was riding a fully armored Level 4 Demon Beast, called Roaring Flaming Beasts. These were the trophies from the battle that Chambord with the other nine kingdoms. This was within expectations of the scouts and the people from the other kingdoms, but what the cavaliers had in their hands caused the spies to break a sweat – the huge shields that had hooks on them looked more like doors, and the huge war axes with long poles and thick blades were as long as a sword… There was one common theme between the weapons in the Saint Seiya’s hands, and that was – Huge!

The Bylaw Enforcement Officers on the other hand numbered two hundred. They were wearing light armor and helmets with a T-Shaped nose guard. With one hand on spears, the other hands on shields, and top-quality war horses under them, they looked very mighty and high-spirited. When the two hundred soldiers charged through the square with the horses and weapons, the atmosphere seemed a little murderous and dominating.

The citizens of Chambord were delighted to see this.

Compared with the soldiers who looked like broke farmers four months ago, this military force represented a drastic and magnificent improvement. All of them had seen the changes in the four months little by little, and all of them were witnesses of the path of power that Chambord was on and still marching on. When they saw the sharp and confident soldiers and the chilling

weapons, they all felt an unprecedented security.

But to the scouts and people from the various other kingdom, the truth seemed very optimistic to them. In fact, they were ready to see a strictly commanded military with a ton of people in front of them; after all, this kingdom had crushed the force that was made up by nine other kingdoms. However, none of them expected to see that Chambord’s official military was only made up with three hundred soldiers. Also, from what they were hearing from the whispers between the citizens of Chambord, this really was all the soldiers that Chambord had, and there weren’t any hidden forces.

“How… This is all of Chambord’s military? Could it be that the King of Chambord beat the troops made up of the nine kingdoms with these little soldiers?” On the outer square, many people had secretly answered all the questions in their minds.

“There are only three hundred soldiers. Although they look very strong and powerful, how much harm could they do?” After some people saw this scene, big rocks were lifted from their shoulders. “It looks like Mister Count was being over-cautious; there isn’t anything to worry about in Chambord.”

“A military of this level is far from the military in the rumors. It looks like the force made up by the nine kingdoms was a bunch of crap. Too bad that more than sixty Roaring Flame Beasts fell into King of Chambord’s hands! Maybe I can think of a way to get these Roaring Flame Beasts into my hands!” Some people were getting greedy; after all, more than sixty Roaring Flame Beasts were a huge sum of treasure.

Of course, not all of the scouts and people from other kingdoms were greedy and near-sighted.

Some of the scouts from the other kingdoms who were hidden in the dark had seen the details and clues that a lot of other people missed.

“The power surging on the King of Chambord is huge and hard to estimate. It looks like he advanced to an even higher level in last month of training… It was rumored that he had killed three-star warriors in the past, so he is probably very close to a four-star warrior!”

“The relationship that the King of Chambord has with the Eldest Princess of Zenit is not normal. Could there be any mysterious or unknown secrets?”

“There are a few warriors that are worthy of paying attention to. Maybe Mister Viscount will be interested in them. If Mister Viscount can recruit these people under his arms, then Chambord Kingdom will pose no threat anymore…”

The celebration party only came to an end near midnight. Except for a small group of people, the undercurrents that were calm a few days ago started to move secretly.

Three days later, the military force from Chambord that was going to participate in Zenit Empire’s Military Practice started to move towards the Empire’s Capital noisily and proudly.

The autumn wind pulled on the rectangular-shaped Chambord flags and made them flutter in the air. Every single flag was embroidered by the future queen of Chambord Angela one thread at a time. There was a demon beast that looked like a two-headed dog with one sword and one axe each bitten in each mouths on the flags. This symbol was personally designed by Fei. Of course, the archetype had to include the big black dog Blacky in it. The flag poles pierced at the blue sky, and the fluttering flags looked like many dragons flying in the air; they howled as if they wanted to break away from the flag poles and fly into the sky.

All of Chambord’s citizens appeared on the two sides of the street, and they threw flowers and tree branches that represented victory, honors, and bravery. These soldiers were some of the women’s husbands, some of the children’s fathers, some of the elders’ sons, and some of the girls’ lovers. All of these people watched their loved ones ride the war horses and go on the journey. They gave their prayers with reluctance, as they all wished for them to come back victorious… Fei was at the very front of the troops. He was in a set of light black armor, and his long black hair fluttered in the wind as he rode on top of the big black dog. As if he was tied to the color black, everything on him was black except for his skin. With a spectacular presence, he flexed his arms as he hugged and kept his beautiful fiancée Angela in his arms.

Today, Angela also put on delicate female armor; it was rare for her to wear that. Under the yellow helmet, her silk-like black hair fluttered in the air, and her light fragrance intrigued Fei’s nose. No matter who saw her, their eyes would freeze on her for a few seconds as she gave a bright smile. Angela was already pretty, but she had a different presence when she was in armor.

Behind Fei, Peter-Cech, the Commander of the Saint Seiya Regiment; Drogba and Pierce, the two Golden Saint Seiyas; Lampard, the former number one warrior of Chambord; Oleg, the warden; Emma, the blonde loli; Fernando-Torres, the personal guard; and a lot of other people followed him tightly. This troop included almost all the masters and warriors at Chambord. Fei only left his father-in-law Bast and Brook at Chambord to run everything.

The eldest Princess Tanasha’s magic carriage, as well as her guards and servants, were also in the group of people.

This [Goddess of Intelligence] had stayed at Chambord for too long, and she finally decided to return to the empire’s capital.

After half an hour, the troop that was going on a long trip finally disappeared in the gold-green grass plain. All of Chambord’s citizens that came out of the castle to send the troop off turned around and went back unwillingly. On top of the defense wall, the two big leaders of Chambord – Bast and Brook -stood there and watched until the last flag disappeared from the horizon.

“When his majesty comes back, maybe Chambord will have advanced to a Level 3 Affiliated Kingdom… Oh, probably a Level 2 Affiliate Kingdom, right?”

“Level 2 Affiliated Kingdom? Brook, you probably haven’t fully understood his majesty’s ambitious.” The old and handsome Bast laughed. “His majesty probably didn’t even consider a Level 2 Affiliated Kingdom to be much…… No one actually knows what Chambord will become from this Military Practice. However, since his majesty left, we can’t slack off. Our lazy king has left us with a lot of tasks to complete!”

Brook lightly patted the battlement in front of him as he said heroically, “Haha, yeah. Every time I think of the plan that was explained by his majesty, my blood starts boiling. If we can hit those targets and achieve these goals, then which force would dare to look down on our Chambord Kingdom?”

“Ha, I didn’t expect that a dull wooden knot like you would have such emotional side!”

“Hehe…”

…

…

Chambord’s territory was so small that it was pitiful. The expeditionary forces weren’t fast. But after about four hours of traveling, they were already out of Chambord’s territory and had entered the adjacent Raice Kingdom. By this time, they hadn’t even walked out of the golden plains yet.

Raice Kingdom was a Level 5 Affiliated Kingdom. Although their kingdom was also weak, they were much stronger than the past Chambord Kingdom. When Chambord Kingdom was at an all-time low, Raice Kingdom wasn’t friendly and did a lot of things that were essentially throwing rocks at Chambord Kingdom, who was in a deep well. There were numerous collisions between the two kingdoms, and Chambord Kingdom lost most of the time. As a result, Chambord Kingdom’s royals couldn’t do anything but hand over treasures despite their anger. The king of Raice Kingdom once said to the kings of the other affiliated kingdom that if he wanted treasures and beautiful women, he could go to Chambord Kingdom anytime and get what he wanted… From that, one could easily tell the relationship the two kingdoms had.

Therefore, this kingdom was considered one of Chambord’s opposing forces.

“Everyone pay attention and keep your guard up!”

Cech waved his hands, and more than twenty Saint Seiyas were sent away as scouts. In a two to three kilometer radius, everyone was under the Chambord’s Expeditionary Force’s monitor.

A huge bird that was more than a meter wide flew in the sky. People in the troop had seen this bird fly down from the sky and land on Fei’s shoulder and rub its head against Fei’s body. They all knew that it was their king’s pet; none of them did the stupid thing of drawing their bows to shoot the bird down for a snack.



* * *





Chapter 163 Part 2




Chapter 163.2

Chapter 163.2: Far-Famed Chambord, and Hostile Kingdoms Paying their Respects

After about ten kilometers into the Raice Kingdom’s territory, they finally encountered one of Raice Kingdom’s watchtowers.

It was a simple and cheap watchtower that every kingdom could set up on the borders of their territory, and typically five or six poor soldiers would be sent here to suffer. To be honest, these watchtowers wouldn’t be much help during actual wars; they were just there to intimidate others. But what took most of people in the expeditionary force by surprise was that they actually encountered the king of Raice Kingdom and most of the royal family.

“Stop —-!”

Fei waved his hands, and the troop that was marching forward instantly stopped. Even the war horses that the soldiers were riding on paused and froze as if they were able to understand Fei’s commands.

However, the sharp and flashy weapons all shone under the sunlight as a series of tinking metal colliding noises sounded. All of the chilliness were targeted towards the people from Raice Kingdom. The presence that was comparable to a landslide from a mountain erupted instantly. All of Chambord’s soldiers showed their hostility. With all the murderous spirit filling the atmosphere, the people from Raice Kingdom felt like if they made any movements, the king of Chambord could just make a command and all of Chambord soldiers would charge towards them and chop them into pieces!

After feeling Chambord’s hostility and sharp murderous intent, the expression on the fat king of Raice Kingdom’s face changed drastically. He quickly walked out of the circle of guards as a flattering smile appeared on his face. Although he was scared, he opened his palm and widened his arms to show that he wasn’t threatening. “Honorable King of Chambord, please don’t take this the wrong way. We have no hostile intent!”

“What do you want?” Fei sat still on the big black dog and asked as his eyes squinted.

“Honorable King of Chambord, we heard that Chambord’s expeditionary force would be traveling through here, so myself, most of the royal family, and the ministers came here to welcome you. There have been conflicts between Chambord and Raice Kingdom, but those are all in the past now. From now on, the royalty of Raice Kingdom is willing to become the closest friend of Chambord Kingdom. Here are some presents…” As the king from Raice Kingdom was still speaking, he waved his hands, and a few guards behind him carried four heavy iron chests near Fei carefully. Bam! They dropped chests on the ground and they opened the lid. A bunch of golden lights shined and made Fei dizzy for a bit. All four chests were filled with golden coins that were commonly used in the empire.

The king of Raice Kingdom was actually waiting here to lower himself, hand out tributes, and beg for forgiveness.

Although Fei didn’t say anything, every officer and every soldier of Chambord Kingdom felt something hot and boiling cycling through their bodies. They all held onto their weapons tightly and straightened their backs even more. An unprecedented feeling of pride resonated in their hearts.

Fei reached out into the air, and a sharp and completely black spear appeared in his hand.

Everyone from Raice Kingdom was shocked. They were very worried that the king of Chambord that was powerful and shining like a star would be merciless and deny their pleading, and they were also shocked by Fei’s power. Grabbing a spear from mid-air without using any magic power or warrior energy… this strength was also far beyond their imagination… “So the strength of Chambord is unpredictable, just like what the information we obtained stated!” they all thought.

As he played with

some gold coins with the tip of his spear, Fei didn’t hurry and jump off of the big black dog. Only after he saw the king of Raice Kingdom sweeping the sweat off of his own forehead due to awkwardness and embarrassment did Fei wave his hands lightly. A few Chambord soldiers jumped off of their horses and took the four chests of gold coins onto the carriages in the troop.

The king of Raice Kingdom only let go of his breath after he saw that.

After he straightened his fat body, he waved his hand as the flattering smile appeared on his face again. Then, a few soldiers of Raice Kingdom walked forward with more than a dozen pretty girls. These girls were about eighteen to nineteen years old. They had some make-up on them which enhanced their looks, and their thin silk-like clothes were very intriguing to regular men. It was obvious that these girls were carefully dressed and trained. It was late autumn, and the weather was getting very chilling. Although these girls forced smiles onto their faces, their thin bodies still shivered uncontrollably due to the coldness.

Fei was a little bit surprised, and then he instantly knew that was going on.

These girls were actually a part of the tribute from Raice Kingdom.

After a moment of silence, Fei lightly waved his hands and some soldiers came by with a horse carriage. Fei didn’t reject this tribute as these girls were temporally settled in the horse carriage. These girl were trained and treated like presents and slaves for these purposes. Even if Fei didn’t accept them, their fate wouldn’t be much better – maybe even worse. It might actually be a salvation to keep them. But of course, Fei didn’t have the plan of starting a harem.

After seeing the king of Chambord accepted both presents, the people from Raice Kingdom felt a bit more at ease.

“As the king of Raice, I have set up a splendid dinner at Raice Castle to treat the honorable king of Chambord and all these mighty Chambord warriors. I’m not sure if…” The king of Raice Kingdom wanted to walk closer and become more intimate with his flattering smile, but as soon as Fei shook his head, it made him swallow all the words that he was going to say and shut his mouth.

Fei said with a bossy tone as he stared at this white and fat guy coldly, “As the king of Chambord Kingdom, I was going to conquer Raice Kingdom with my soldiers and take ten or a hundred times the revenge for what you guys did to Chambord Kingdom before. However, since you have some brains, I will accept these gold coins. However, things won’t end this easily. You better be this smart all the time, otherwise the royals of Raice Kingdom won’t be able to handle Chambord Kingdom’s anger!” Fei emphasized “being smart” multiple times, and the disdain and insult was so obvious that it was overflowing in Fei’s speech.

However –

“Of course, yes, yes… we will be the closest allies, friends, friend…”

The king of Raice Kingdom didn’t dare to refute what Fei said. He felt a huge pressure coming from Chambord Kingdom; his knees softened and he started shaking. If he didn’t have his guards standing beside him, he would have actually kneeled to the ground and lost all of his face.

“Friends? Remember to never say this word in front of me, because… you guys don’t qualify!”

Fei spit at the ground. After he did that, he waved his hands and Chambord’s Expeditionary Force immediately started to march forward again like an irresistible iron flood. Even the ground started to shake violently under the iron hooves. The bright armor and chilling blades reflected warm sunlight onto the faces of the Raice Kingdom’s royals and made them shiver in fear. No one from Raice Kingdom dared to look down on this troop; the chilling and murderous spirit that came off of Chambord Kingdom’s soldier’s body terrified them.

After seeing Chambord Kingdom’s troop leaving from afar, the king of Raice Kingdom stood up straight while breathing heavily.

A noble looked young man with a gloomy expression walked up and helped the king of Raice walk properly. He stared at the figures of Chambord KIngdom’s cavaliers viciously as he said with a unwilling tone, “Hehe, let him be arrogant for a while. He thinks he is invincible after getting a bit stronger? Hehe, it’s still unknown whether the expeditionary force from Chambord will make it to the Capital St. Petersburg alive. It would be the best if they all died in those people’s hands. It’s too bad that little beauty will die alongside with that idiot king, but the fiancée of Chambord’s King is really coquettish…”

Whoosh – !

A sharp arrow suddenly came from afar and pierced through the young noble’s mouth.

This gloomy young noble instantly fell back as his eyes told everyone around him that he couldn’t believe what just happened as the white feather on the tail of the arrow that was still vibrating traveled out of his head…

“The God-tier archer from Chambord Kingdom!”

Everyone from Raice Kingdom fell into chaos. All the guards were shocked and quickly guarded Raice Kingdom’s king, who was panicking even more. They all saw a figure several hundred meters away holding a strong bow in their hand, and the Roaring Flame Beast that this person was riding on had its hair fluttering in the wind… It was a God-tier archer from Chambord Kingdom who dominated over the force made up of the nine kingdoms.



* * *





Chapter 164




Chapter 164

Chapter 164: Wiping the Edge of the Sword

The Roaring Flame Beasts sprinted in the wind, and the autumn wind blew past the knight’s blonde hair and dark red cape. Under the sunset, the long bow and arrows reflected with a chilling golden light.

At this moment, everyone in the Raice Kingdom was frightened, and there actually wasn’t a single person that dared to stand out and speak for the knight that was killed by the one arrow. Even though this young noble was quite an influential figure in the Raice Kingdom when he was alive, now even the Raice Kingdom’s king was trying to wipe away his cold sweat as he prayed, hoping the god-like knight in the distance would put out the anger in his heart and go away, and not look into this incident further.

Recently, the sudden rise of Chambord City placed the entire Raice Kingdom in panic. The nine-kingdom coalition travelled past the Raice Kingdom on their way to attack Chambord city, and of course the Raice Kingdom was aware of the kind of power that this coalition army had at its disposal. At least, if this army was used to deal with Raice, their power could instantly crush Raice into dust. But it was this very powerful army that was completely annihilated by Chambord City. If Chambord city wanted to start some trouble with Raice Kingdom, then there was really no hope for survival. This was why the whole kingdom, from the king himself down to the normal citizens, were living in fear. This time upon hearing that the Chambord King will be traveling past their Kingdom to attend the Arms Drill Battle Competition, Raice’s King suddenly got an idea. In his mind, as long as he can defuse the wrath of the Chambord King, then he would be able to maintain his country’s position, so what’s the big deal of just acting like a b*tch for once.

Clearly, the disrespectful words said by that damn little noble earlier was overheard by the Chambord City’s scouting knight, that’s why he was killed with one shot. But right now, there was no one in the Raice Kingdom that dared to scold the knight for killing their noble. They just hoped that His Majesty the knight could hurry and extinguish the anger in his heart, and hopefully not report those words to that Chambord King… Otherwise, the Raice Kingdom might be doomed.

At this time, the white chubby Raice King almost had the urge to kick that dead noble a few times… Why the f*ck would you stand out and say some sh*t. You can die yourself but don’t drag the entire kingdom down too!

Herod~~

The Roaring Flame Beasts hissed in the wind, the Chambord knight finally withdrew his cold eyes, turned around and dashed away.

Then the entire Raice Kingdom let out a big sigh of relief.

The Raice’s king then gave an order before he was able to fully calm himself down, “Pass down my orders, from today on, everyone must respect anyone from Chambord City. And tell those little nobles like that little sh*t here to better behave well from now on! If one triggers the wrath of the Chambord King, no one can save them!”

…

…

Fei of course knew everything that happened behind him.

After shooting the insolent little nobleman, the bodyguard Fernando Torres came back, and the first thing he did was to report everything that just happened. Fei just slightly smiled and did not get angry because in his heart, cleaning up bad neighbors like the Raice Kingdom was something that would happen sooner or later. However, right now, fighting for interests and power in the Arms Drill Competition was what was most important to Chambord City. It’s no rush to ride back to clean up those little puppies and kittens, that’s why Fei just kept his army moving forward.

As the tier 5 subsidiary kingdom, although Raice Kingdom’s frontier territory was a bit bigger than Chambord city, but by nightfall, the expedition army had completely crossed Raice Kingdom and arrived at another subsidiary kingdom’s territory – the Black Stone Kingdom.

If Raice was just a bad neighbor, then the Black Stone Kingdom was the real mortal enemy of Chambord City.

On the Arms Drill Competition three years ago, it was this Black Stone City that colluded with some of the big forces behind it that used some vile means against Chambord, and they were able to be promoted to a Tier 4 subsidiary kingdom on the corpse of Chambord City. As for the friction and battles between Raice Kingdom and Chambord City, the majority were also secretly provoked by the Black Stone Kingdom. Other than the Raice Kingdom, there still were four nearby kingdoms that shared the same strength as Chambord City, and they were all either convinced or forced by the Black Stone Kingdom to be hostile towards Chambord.

Through these frictions, the Black Stone Kingdom was able to create a huge amount of wealth, especially through plundering their population to enhance their own strength.

The hostile state between Chambord and Black Stone had lasted for many years, and it became unclear a long time ago who was right and who was wrong. However, not long ago, the Black Stone Kingdom’s king already let out his words, saying that he will completely burn Chambord to the ground during this Arms Drill Competition. In addition, at the crowning ceremony not long ago, the Black Stone Kingdom had also sent people to Chambord city to directly provoke Fei, and even joined in on the assassination conspiracy of the Elder Princess. However, due to bad luck, not even their men’s bodies were found…

That night, Chambord City’s expedition army camped out in a lake beside a forest within the Black Stone Kingdom’s territory.



* * *





Chapter 165




Chapter 165

Chapter 165: Masters all out, the murderous intent at night (Part 2)

“It’s about right . We will come back again in forty minutes!” A muscular young knight resembling the captain of this team of cavaliers took off his helmet and laughed on his horse . “I do feel pity towards these Chambord peasants . They couldn’t get a good night sleep, and they probably won’t have the energy to pick up their weapons tomorrow……”

“Hahaha, yeah . Condi, his majesty came up with a great strategy!” A cavalier beside the captain added .

An arrogant expression appeared on the young knight’s face . He said with a disdainful smile on his face, “Of course . My father is intelligent and far-sighted . How could that idiot king of Chambord compare with him? We will let him live a bit longer . Humph! When the time is right, we will conquer Chambord Kingdom, capture all those Chambord low lives, and make them mining slaves that work in the dark and moist mining pits in the [Burning Sun Mountains]! All their descendants can only be slaves as well!”

“Retreat – ! Let’s head back to the Blackstone Bunker and have some rest . We will come back in forty minutes to ‘comfort’ these pitiful low lives!”

The young knight waved his hands, and all the cavaliers turned their horses around and was about to rush back to the military fortress that was located in a short distance…… But at this moment – “Since you guys came to seek your own death, why are you guys leaving?”

A sneer sounded, but the cavaliers couldn’t tell where it came from . Before the cavaliers were able to react, a green and a purple light suddenly shone in the pitch dark night . Like two lights from hell, they dashed towards the cavaliers like meteors and make four puffing sounds . Four streams of red blood spurted into the air, and the four heads also fell to the ground . The heads belonged to the four cavaliers on the very right side of the formation who didn’t even have the chance to defend . But now, they were four headless corpses…… “Enemy strike!” A high-pitched screamed instantly sounded .

“Be careful, he is on the right……”

“Kill him! Kill him right now!!”

“I couldn’t spot him, he is too fast . Back, back back! He is a master! A very powerful warrior!!”

The cavaliers fell into a state of chaos . The assassin who suddenly appeared was like a demon that was harvesting lives . His speed was so fast that it was unimaginable . Every time the green and the purple lights shone in the dark, two cavaliers would die like wheat under a sickle . They couldn’t even put up a fight . Although these cavaliers were trying their best to defend, they couldn’t even slow this figure down for one second! The powerful presence of this assassin made the situation become more and more chaotic .

“Don’t panic! Establish the formation!!” The young captain shouted .

However, his command wasn’t very useful .

When all the cavaliers were looking at their right in panic, something suddenly happened to the left side of the formation . A star like light suddenly shone, and the light instantly grew brighter and hotter . The violent lights made all the cavaliers lost all sensations for a second as a series of lightning like light beams exploded around them …… “Lightning Speed Fists!!”

A deep roar suddenly resonated, and the strong lights beams struck on every cavaliers that was within ten meters radius from the voice . The young knight captain opened his eyes wide and big as he couldn’t believe what he was seeing . He was actually seeing something the he couldn’t even imagine – Every soldier who the strong light beam shone on had their iron armors struck thought, their helmet broke apart, thick shields dented heavily, and their weapons chipped as if these items were made out of wood . Even the war horses that they were riding on bled through their noses . He felt like they were struck by numerous fists as dense thudding sounds resonated in the area around him . He couldn’t do anything but watch those invisible yet devastating fists do their work . After that, the attack toned down a little .

Finally, those bright light beams disappeared .

A thick and strong body appeared in his eyes . There a huge black sword on this man’s back as if the man was carrying a magnificent mountain . Despite the fact that he struck through a lot of cavaliers, there wasn’t a single blood stain on his dark red cape .

Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam!

After the breeze blew by in the dark night, more than twenty cavaliers who had terrifying punch marks and indents on their bodies and died already couldn’t keep their balances any more . With their dead war horses that also got all the bones crushed, they fell to the ground one after another powerlessly .

So fast!

It was just way too fast!

It was so fast that it beyond the detection of human eyes . In other words, ordinary human eyes couldn’t even catch this man’s movements!

The young knight instantly felt a chill going down his spines, dispersing into every corner of his body . He was not weak; in fact, he was a mid-tier two star warrior and was one of the strongest princes in the Blackstone Kingdom . However, even he was not able to capture this strong man’s movement, attacking angles and fists’ trajectories…… “How fast are this man’s punches?”

The fact that his eyes couldn’t capture this man’s movement meant that he was no match to the enemies even if he fought himself .

“Who are you guys? Don’t you guys know that we are the Wind Cavalry of Blackstone? How dare you provoke the Blackstone Kingdom? Do you all want to die?” The young captain’s heart started to sink towards his stomach . He shouted angrily and dropped the name of the Blackstone Kingdom as if it would bring him more courage and confident .

“Hehe, we are here to kill all the bastards of Blackstone Kingdom!”

“Yuck! Is your shitty little kingdom that strong?”

The man who had the huge black sword on his back didn’t bother to acknowledge the young knight captain, but two loud thunder like shouts sounded from not too far away and answered the young knight’s question . His cavaliers’ screams started to sound right after a second as two topless strong men with muscles that made them look like mountains charged towards him with huge axes that were about two meters long and square iron shields that were about a man tall . These two strong man were like human dinosaurs . Their strengths were so strong that every cavalier that they hit as they charged were all thrown into the air like scarecrows in a tornado along with their warhorses …… “It’s you guys… . . ”

The young knight captain’s pupils instantly contracted as he finally recognized the identity of his enemies . These two strong men were the two Golden Saint Seiyas of Chambord – Taurus and Capricorn Saint Seiyas .

In rumors, these two men were very strong and very cruel . They liked smashing their opponents’ heads in or chopping their opponents into a pile of meat paste by using their comically oversized axes . It was said that both of them had special techniques: Taurus Saint Seiya could use his head to smash though mountains, and the palm of the Capricorn Saint Seiya was as sharp as any god-tier weapons . Both of these men were noted as very dangerous characters on Blackstone’s intelligence report, and the young knight didn’t expect to see both of them tonight .

As he saw the two beasts getting close to him unstoppably, the young knight captain finally understood the truthfulness of that intelligence report . The bit of royal arrogance and disdain he had on his mind instantly disappeared; he clearly knew that he was no match to these two if they really wanted to kill him . He quickly turned his horse around and was about to escape…… however, these two beast like strong men clearly locked on to him; both of them chased after him .

“You want to fuck with me and not let me sleep? Die!” Pierce shouted .

“Daddy is mad, and the consequence will be bad!” Drogba laughed viciously .

The two strong man were like two vicious sharks that had divided the sea waves in half . With bloody murderous intent, they divided the cavaliers in half and instantly arrived in front of the young knight captain . The sharp wind that were created by the two huge axes when they struck downward were like knives and hurt the young captain’s face . The young captain only had the time to draw out his knight long sword and barely blocked the axes that were striking towards him . Although powerful energy flames enveloped his body and empowered the sword, the long sword only lasted a second before it was smashed into iron chips . The poor young captain was cut in half by one of the axes from the waist before he would let out any screams or cries, and the other axes smashed the war horse that the captain was riding on into a pile of meat paste!

The upper half of the young captain’s body flew into the sky under the huge impact . There was still a bit of life left inside of him, but he wasn’t able to let any sounds despite the fact the he opened his mouth and wanted to scream . What made his mentality collapse was when his eyes, that were filled with fear, saw a big and fat man with a scar on his forehead struck into his cavaliers from another side . Wherever he went, Blackstone Kingdom’s cavaliers were turned into flesh and blood . No one would put up a fight against this fat man who also had a huge axe in his hands . Every time this man took a step forward, all the fat on his body would shake violently, but his movements was even more agile than ordinary people .

At the same time, a thin and tall man who was in a light armor and dark red cap also appeared . The sharp sword in his hand let out shiny flashes so bright that it made the stars in the nightly sky pale in comparison . Just like the star lights, they curved towards Blackstone cavaliers . Like the artists on the dance floor, the sword was light and agile, fast and vicious . Every time it showed itself, death followed .

Each of the masters appeared out of nowhere and dashed into the sheep like Blackstone cavaliers .

When the young captain’s upper body landed on the ground, the last scene he saw was the last cavaliers of Blackstone getting killed by the green and the purple light that first appeared and getting chopped into the six parts along with his horse…… all two hundred cavaliers from Blackstone were completely wiped out in a few seconds .

Until death, the young knight captain still couldn’t believe what was happening .

He had recognized all the faces of the attackers; they were all the warriors and masters under the king of Chambord . Even Chambord’s king himself participated in this raid .

“The king of Chambord…… the king himself dare to kill off all the cavaliers of Blackstone on Blackstone’s territories?”

For the voting result, the 2 regular chaps will be every Friday and every Wednesday .

If you like this series and would like more chaps, please consider supporting us on Patron or paypal! Before then, we will try to stockpile more chaps so the regular release isn’t affected when school starts



* * *





Chapter 166




Chapter 166

Chapter 166: The Meeting of Two Kings

The bloody killing at night came and left fast .

In less than ten minutes, Blackstone’s cavalry of two hundred men was completely wiped out after the last scream resonated under the night sky . The six masters from Chambord didn’t stop and quickly disappeared into the darkness like ghosts in the night . Except for the blood that was running on the ground like rivers and the bloody smell from the one-sided cruel battle that occurred, no trace was left .

After more than an hour, there was finally some other sounds .

A small team of cavaliers in silver armor that were riding on black armored war horses rushed out of the stone fortress from afar with torches in their hands . Their cavaliers were chatting and laughing among themselves, and the atmosphere was very light . Soon, they got close to the battleground . When they were about to arrive, a single-eyed cavalier frowned out of curiosity as his guards paced themselves . He made a hand gesture to the cavaliers that were still charging after him at full speed, and the cavaliers immediately slowed down . They drew out their swords and held tightly onto their shields as they all went on guard .

“There’s such a thick and bloody smell . Could it be that Prince Eric and his men fought with the bastards from Chambord already?”

With the question on his mind, the single-eyed cavalier slowly rode his horse forward . He saw a dark small hill in the shadows . A night breeze suddenly blew by and brought along a thick, disgusting and bloody smell that made him and the rest of the cavaliers want to puke . The horses that the cavaliers were riding on were scared; these horses neighed in fear as they stepped back continuously . The single-eyed cavalier jumped off of the horse as he grabbed a torch from a cavalier beside him and threw it forward .

Whoosh – !

The flames flickered in the night breeze and lit up the darkness in front of them .

“God… What am I seeing?”

At that moment, every cavalier felt like they were placed in a fridge in hell; they felt like all their blood was freezing up .

No one expected that the small hill in the shadows was made from piling Blackstone Kingdom’s corpses . Blood, torn armor, broken swords, chipped blades, dead horses, white bones, and human heads… they were all piled onto each other uniformly by someone . On top of this hill made of corpses, a somewhat complete cavalier spear was stabbed onto the “hill”, and a head with a helmet was attached to the other end of the spear . Red blood was dripping down the body of the spear, and most of the blood had already solidified… “No… it’s Prince Eric!!!” The single-eyed cavalier shouted as he couldn’t believe what was in front of him .

“Who attacked them?”

“It must be those guys from Chambord… They must have ambushed them around here and attacked Prince Eric by surprise . Except for them, no other forces are a match for Prince Eric and his men…”

“So cruel, not a single person survived!”

These cavaliers couldn’t think straight anymore . As the night wind blew through the trees, numerous leaves fell off the trees to the ground . These cavaliers felt like there were numerous killers hiding in the dark, preparing to give them the lethal and deadly blow . The scenery around them was scary and ghastly; since their enemies could kill Prince Eric with his two hundred cavaliers quietly, then the twenty of them couldn’t even last a second if the enemies really wanted to kill them . The single-eyed cavalier quickly realized the dangerous situation they were in, so he took the head of Prince Eric off the spear on the “hill” and carefully wrapped it in his cape . After he did that, he quickly turned around, jumped onto his horse, and quickly escaped from this murderous place with his cavaliers as if they would die if they stayed there one more second .

They came fast like the wind, but left in a hurry like homeless dogs; they didn’t even take care of their peers’ corpse by burying them properly .

…

…

The beautiful golden sun gradually climbed out from behind the mountains on the Far East and covered the land in a bright golden light .

It was another pretty, yet quiet morning .

The only thing was that there was a red glow in the sky, as if red blood had dyed the half of it . It was very clear and eye-catching .

The Chambord Expeditionary Force started to progress forward again . They marched towards the entrance to the [Burning Sun Mountains] . The temperature in the morning was still a little bit chilly . Angela and Emma went into Eldest Princess Tanasha’s magic carriage to chat with and keep her company . Fei rode on the big black dog and led everyone at the very front of the troop . As he saw the red glow in the sky, he laughed and said, “Oh, see? Blood had stained the sky . There must have been some bloody fight that occurred last night…”

Everyone around the king laughed as they heard his majesty speak .

Two of Fei’s henchmen Pierce and Drogba were both riding on the back of Roaring Flame Beasts . They rubbed the blades on their axes as they still felt a little thirsty when thinking about what happened last night . The fat and huge Warden Oleg was obviously still immersed in the beautiful memory, but the commander of the Saint Seiyas Force Cech was still silent . He carefully observed the surroundings, and there were Saint Seiyas on Roaring Flame Beasts from afar who were waving a little green flag . This meant that everything was fine .

A smile appeared on Lampard, who was riding a Roaring Flame Beasts behind Fei, subconsciously . Last night was the first time that he used Lighting Speed Fists in battle, and the effectiveness of it was beyond his expectation . Using lightning-attribute warrior energy, his attack speed after being empowered from a few secret energy connection channels was very impressive . Lampard had never dreamed that he would be able to retrain his lightning-attribute warrior energy after that devastating destruction; e also never dreamed that he could get his hands on a new and unimaginable training path and retrain . His warrior energy recovered at such a fast speed . He couldn’t imagine what kind of power and achievement he could obtain if he trained the Lightning Speed Fists to its peak since King Alexander said that this training scroll wasn’t at its final form, and that there was still room for improvement and refinement .

With his fists held tightly together, Lampard felt the power that he missed for a long time .

As the expeditionary force got closer to the foot of the mountain, the military fortress of Blackstone Kingdom was getting clearer and clearer in their eyes . This fortress made out of a black material was built right next to the mountain, where its defense walls covered three directions . The defense walls that were about twenty meters tall were very hard and firm . When Fei took a closer look, he could tell that they were made by stacking unforged iron ores together . Two-hundred-meter-tall warrior statues were standing on top of the two mountains behind the fortress . Battlements on the defense wall were placed uniformly, and a ton of heavily-armored soldiers were sent here by the King of Blackstone to guard it . This was a strategically located fortress that was easy to guard, but hard to siege! On top of that, this fortress perfectly blocked the only path on [Burning Sun Mountains] that led to the Capital St . Petersburg, so it was a very important fortress that took advantage of Chambord!

If Chambord’s Expeditionary Force wanted to arrive at St . Petersburg on time, they would have to get across this fortress called Blackstone Fortress .



* * *





Chapter 167




Chapter 167

Chapter 167: A Scream (part 1)

Watching the scattered golden hair dancing in the wind, the Black Stone King’s face turned pale. This humiliation was akin to being slapped across the face in public. He felt a burning anger welling up in him. However, the cold feeling on his neck was a reminder to control himself from expressing his anger.

It was clear that the strength of the Chambord King far exceeded the description on his report. He was absolutely capable of cutting off his head instantly … this was too horrifying!

The Black Stone King reluctantly turned around and looked at the cavalry soldier by his side in silver armour, and he saw his eyes flash as he undetectably shook his head.

The Black Stone King heaved a sigh. He instantly understood the meaning from the cavalry soldier – it was clear that the Chambord King had greater strength, which had far exceeded the plan they envisioned before. It seemed that the plan would never be achieved… No matter how unwilling his heart felt, there was nothing he could possibly do. In the Azeroth continent where the Law of Jungle, the deterrent force of an elite fighter is way beyond the army. The Black Stone King had only mediocre talent, he had only achieved the two-star strength rank when he reached age fifty. However, the reason he was able to become one of the kings that specially focused on military strength, aside from his royal bloodline, was his forbearance and tactics, so he naturally knew what kind of strategy was the best choice in such situation.

(Remember to read on Noodletown to support the translators and editors~)

” One….. Two……”

Fei ignored the enemy’s thoughts. His Majesty sat on the back of [Black Whirlwind] counting numbers. Each number sounded like a heavy hammer that struck into each and everyone of the Blackstone King and knights’ hearts. Fei’s cold voice caused their hearts to beat faster and ther hands to subconsciously grip their weapons strongly.

“Four….. Five……. Six ……”

Fei counted number unhurriedly.

The chilly late autumn wind blew through the whole Blackstone force army. Don’t know why, the Black Stone Army suddenly felt that this gorgeous orange morning sky was unprecedentedly cold.



“……. Seven…… Eight……”

These were just a few simple numbers coming unhurriedly from His Majesty’s mouth, but at this moment these words boiled the blood of every Chambord soldier. It seemed that there were something trying to pour out from their chests. The Black Stone kingdom had always been harsh towards Chambord’s citizens, using any excuse as a chance to abuse them. Who knew that there would be a day that the King of Chambord could, with only sword, deter a whole two thousand Blackstone knights, in addition to forcing the selfish and arrogant Blackstone King to become obsequious, afraid to speak and express his anger. At this moment, Chambord soldiers sunk into anger, and counted the numbers with Fei, as if they were about to vent all the humiliation from the Black Stone Kingdom.

More than a hundred muscular men from Chambord shouted angrily together. The momentum came simultaneously, the voices flowed with the sound of their eagerness to kill, shaking everyone’s soul.

The tide of battle was instantly reversed.

Even though the Chambord expeditionary army was smaller in number, they gained the upper hand in this battle.

The roar from less than two hundred soldiers was even more ground-breaking than the two thousand Blackstone Knights banging their spears against their shields to signal their horses to charge.

Pressing the edge!

No one dared to look straight!

“ Nine……&rdquo

;

Simultaneously, Fei held up an empty hand. There was a purple light that turned into a long purple sword. Every soldier looked at His Majesty the King’s action, and all Chambord city soldiers immediately drew their swords. Along came the sound of metal clanging against each other.

The clash of cold steel became the last straw that broke the camel’s back. The Black Stone King was frightened, and at that moment he as if he remembered the previous phantom-like figure flying through the air to get him again. His horse suddenly reared and neighed, and the king finally exclaimed “Retreat……”

Rumble- !!!

Like a black lake tide receding, the two thousand Black Stone knights backed up the route immediately, and disappeared into Blackstone fortress leaving behind a cloud of white smoke and dust.

“Pooh!” Taurus Golden Knight Drogba spat on the floor in disdain.

“They ran pretty quickly… …” Capricorn Saint Seiya Pierce appeared a little disappointed.

……

Ten minutes later, the Chambord army arrived at the Black Stone fortress gate.

Fei originally thought that the Blackstone king would try to make things difficult. He even prepared to have Elder princess Tanasha knock on the door. But surprisingly, the Black Stone fortress gates were widely opened, Blackstone defenders obviously had received an order to not block the Chambord army. They directed Fei’s people into the city.

“Could it be that the Black Stone king wants to trap us in and fight us … wrap me up like a dumpling after I enter the city?” Fei thought casually, without a trace of fear. He petted the [Black Whirlwind] under his crotch and became the first who stepped into the Black Stone fortress.

Cech and Lampard who were behind Fei obviously also had the same thought. Several commands were passed down, and the expeditionary formation changed. Angela and Natasha’s carriage got assigned more Bylaw Enforcement Officers to guard and the formation became looser on the outside, but tough on the inside. Everyone stayed highly alerted. However, there weren’t any attacks from the beginning till the end.

Inside the Black Stone fortress was very calm, and everything was running orderly.

Fei carefully observed this hostile country’s number 1 military fortress with thoughts in his mind.

Chapter 167: A Scream (part 2)

Due to the geographical and strategic aspects, the Black Stone fortress was completely militarized. All the buildings were piled together by the giant black stones, and there were no buildings made of wood. Moreover, all the layout and levels of the buildings were designed after careful and reasonable planning. Even the two sides of the mountain peak was cut out for the dense stone chamber and the outpost was fully loaded with armed archers hidden inside.

The streets of the fortress were narrow, and the terrain was like a maze. Even if the enemy were to break the gates and rush in, they could not be able to organize a large-scale attack, and have no choice but to split into a fragmented team. The loosened strength of most forces would then be eliminated by the Black Stone army who were familiar with the geography.



The fortress perfectly embodied the genius design of the cold weapon era’s military fortress, and it was just like a cold-blooded killing machine entrenched between the valleys.

The Black Stone king treated the fortress seriously. Before Fei and his army came in, a lot of the military facilities had been hidden to prevent exposing their strength to the enemies from Chambord City, so what Fei looked at was just one tenth of the actual fortress’s military power.



The widest street that went through the entire fortress was only about two meters wide, which almost only allows a carriage through. There were only a few people on the street. There were not many residents or small traders. All they saw were armed soldiers and large caravans travelling in the Fortress. The Black Stone fortress occupied the shortest road leading to St.Petersburg, and it was heavily taxed for anyone who wanted to pass by. Usually only those bigger caravans could afford it.

Besides the soldiers and a small number of caravans, most people here were slaves.

Mining slaves!!

The Black Stone City opened a lot of mines in the mountains under the scorching sun. The mines steadily produces large quantities of ores at all times, which was one of their national income pillars, as well as the Black Stone King’s foundation for his military. As long as there was enough population, he could easily organize a heavily armed army since the supply of iron weapons would never be a problem, unlike for Chambord City.

To the Black Stone king, the only problem was the lack of slaves for

mining, which explains why this country liked wars. It’s because wars could

bring them a large number of prisoners and these prisoners were one of the great sources

for high quality slaves.

Since the crowning of the ambitious current generation Black Stone King in the past 30 years, Black Stone City had conflicted with countless countries in order to meet the labour needs of their mining, and they would also support some of the thieves and mercenary groups secretly, slaughtering other countries for slaves. Chambord was one of the countries to suffer the most. Especially in the last three years, Chambord’s national strength was weak and the king was a recognized retard, with the ambitious Bazel stirring chaos in politics. At least one-sixth of the young and middle-aged labour had been secretly kidnapped to this scorched mountain region as slaves. With countless injuries and casualties, those slaves led to the Black Stone kingdom’s glory.

The unresolvable hatred between the two kingdoms was already instilled between them a long time ago. .

This was why Fei began the massacre last night, and it also explained why Pierce, Drogba and even people like Warden Oleg were enjoying the killing when fighting Black Stone Kingdom’s soldiers. The City Of Chambord suffered a lot because of them, many women lost their husbands, many children became orphans, lots of old people did not have a home and had no one to rely on…… This was all because of the Kingdom of Black Stone.

The Chambord expedition army slowly moved forward on the street.

When they entered the center Black Stone’s fortress, Fei frowned.



Because he saw on the sides of the center square, erected three to four hundred blood-stained stone pillars of different height. The white pillars are very eye-catching being surrounded by black buildings. With the pillars stained with a large amount of blood, they looked terrifying. Despite the late autumn season, there were still a large number of flies buzzing and dancing near the pillars. Of course, that was not the only reason Fei frowned. He noticed that on some stone pillars, there were iron chains tightly tied to naked and skinny people.

These people, without exception, were covered with shocking scars.

Fei noticed very soon, some people that were tied to the pillars had already been tortured to death or were already in coma, while some maintained a sense of consciousness but groaned painfully, sounding like a wounded beast with deformed twitching facial expressions. Death might be their preferred option at this point.

“Your Majesty, those mining slaves who did something wrong were dragged and hung onto the pillars to deter other slaves!” Cech whispered.

Fei nodded, he did not say anything.

In the land of Azeroth nowadays, Fei expected that there would be some cruel scenes like this, but he did not have the authority nor ambition to do anything about it… But, it’s just that seeing this scene led to some uncomfortable feelings and emotions.

Just at that moment, suddenly, there was was miserable screamm that came from the other side of the square.



* * *





Chapter 168




Chapter 168

Chapter 168: Waiting for the Great New King (Part 1)

Accompanying this eyebrow-raising scream, they saw a skinny teenager who was crazily struggling in the distance. His shoulders were brutally pierced by several Black Stone soldiers using a giant iron hook. The young teenager was being driven mad by the pain, and his scream pierced everyone’s heart. However, the howling, begging, and crying didn’t play even have a little effect, but instead were perceived as entertainment in the eyes of those soldiers.

The poor lad was dragged for over 20 meters, leaving behind a long bloody trail.

After being dragged to the small stone square, the young lad was quickly tied ruthlessly to a stone pillar by the grim-looking soldiers with barbed iron chains. The iron hooks deeply dug into the young man’s muscles, and immediately after, an officer resembling person began whipping this teen. At this moment, this poor young lad clearly didn’t have much life left inside of him, losing his consciousness and just letting the whip torture his body. He only instinctively twitched once or twice, and even lost the strength to make any noise…

Fei frowned even harder.

Just at this moment-

“Pooh! This damn pitiful Chambord bone, I should’ve dragged him out to feed the dogs! He actually dares to be lazy, now just watch me skin him alive!” The little officer mercilessly whipped the young boy a few times, and then he angrily scolded as if he hasn’t gotten enough enjoyment and the young boy’s already about to die.

“Boss, is this little tramp also from Chambord city?” The other soldier asked.

“Well, half a year ago, the Blood-Edge mercenary group sent him here, and he was said to be from Chambord city… F*ck I was blind, I saw his skinny as* and pitied him so I kept him in the city to sweep the barracks, but who knew that this little bitch would dare to steal my things. All of those Chambord bastards are lowly and despicable. It was said that their idiot king is back to normal now, but in my opinion, that retard should’ve been send here to mine for us a long time ago…” The officer kept on cursing.

At this moment, in the distance, Fei was immediately enraged.

Chambord’s?

This teenager was from Chambord city?!

Beside him, Pete- Cech, Frank Lampard and a few other elites all had good hearing, and they naturally heard the conversation of those few Black Stone soldiers. Immediately, a raging anger was ignited in their heart instantly, and they immediately realized that sh*t’s about to go down. Ever since their Majesty the King was restored to normal, he was absolutely the embodiment of mercy, justice, courage, and matchless might, and there’s just one thing about him… he’s for sure famous for taking his people’s side no matter who was in the wrong. In the past, at the victory celebration party for defeating the Black Armored Army, just for a few citizens, Fei dared to massacre the ten knights and the Imperial Knight command Chemac, in front of the Empire’s prince. After seeing today’s scene, without a doubt, His Majesty the King wouldn’t care at all about his situation of being inside Black Stone’s military fortress. There will for sure be someone that will bear the wrath of His Majesty, and pay the price.

Chew chew chew chew~

The bow strings successively sounded, and the four sharp arrows almost hit those soldiers at the same time. An arrow penetrated the arm of the officer of those four that was holding the whip, and nailed him to the stone pillar. The other three soldiers all took an arrow to the knee. With a few bloody flowers blooming, they involuntarily kneel

ed to the ground.

However, the person that acted was not Fei.

It was Fei’s personal bodyguard, the blond man Fernando Torres.

This personal bodyguard of Fei’s was very smart. He was also very hard working. After the [Hulk Potion] refined his body, he not only trained hard to reach two-star levels, he also followed the powerful mercenary Elena and learned god-like bow skills. Initially, he was promoted by Fei to be his personal bodyguard after he almost died committing a righteous act, so naturally, he was the type of person that didn’t like seeing someone getting bullied. Speaking of the personality, he’s probably liked to protect his people even more than Fei. But at this moment, Torres also had another thought. He understood that it is indeed a little not suitable for His Majesty the King’s position to punishes those thug-like soldiers himself, so he decided to act before Fei had to. Also, Torres’s shots were right to the point, the four arrows were controlled really well, only injuring those people but didn’t instantly take their lives.

Fei nodded to Fernando Torres with satisfaction, then gestured to tell everyone to stay and remain vigilant. He hurried to the pillar with Lampard and the other six elite warriors.

Fei summoned the purple sword, and with a shake of the blade, Fei easily broke the barbed chains on that young boy’s body. Not disgusted by the blood, he gently placed the little boy into his arms and then changed to [Paladin Mode]. A light gold aura began surging around Fei’s body as he activated the [Prayer] skill. Then, a little golden ring was thrown out from Fei’s palm and disappeared into the young boy’s body.

At this time, Fei’s [Paladin] had reached almost level 34, so his skill [Prayer] was already incredibly well practiced, allowing Fei to freely control the size of the ring.

In the Diablo world, this golden ring could heal 100 HP within 10 seconds. In the real world, the effect of this golden ring obviously wouldn’t show a numerical effect, but the healing effect was obvious. After the golden ring disappeared into the young man’s body, his body began exuding a faint layer of gold light, and the external injuries began healing rapidly. All the bloody scars began sealing on their own, and even the two wrist-sized holes on his shoulder areas slowly stopped bleeding and began healing.

The five senses seemed to have slowly returned to the thin body, and the young boy let out a painful screen. Then, as if he just had a nightmare, the young boy’s body began trembling before he even opened his eyes, and he started saying some begging words…

“Ahhhhhh!! Where did these wild dogs come from? Are you guys tired to living? How dare you do this to your Master Robbie, me! You are really try to die aren’t you!!” That officer-like soldier also began acting tough. He pulled out the arrow from his wrist with a grim look and shouted, “Taylor, Eddie… What the f*ck are you bastards doing? Get the f*ck out there and kill those dogs that don’t know who they are messing with!”

Chapter 168: Waiting for the Great New King (Part 2)

The 30 or 40 Black Stone soldiers suddenly began charging out from a nearby black stone fortress with sharp blades in their hand.

Fei didn’t even blink his eyelids as another golden ring bloomed in his hand and disappeared into the young boy’s body.

This time it was not really another paladin skill, but it was simply pouring in some sacred aura. The young boy’s consciousness was clearly very blurry and in extreme fear at that time, and this holy aura could dispel the fear and evil, and calm the soul.

Sure enough, the skinny young boy stopped shivering after the golden ring disappeared into the young boy’s body.



“Ah… This is… Not good… Leave! You guys leave! Don’t worry about me!”

The teenager opened his eyes. His eyes were very clear, reminding Fei of clear spring water. He saw the arrow injuries on those Black Stone soldiers and instantly knew what happened. What surprised Fei and the 6 elite warriors were, the young boy’s first reaction wasn’t to ask for help or seek protection. Although his stick-like body began shivering again due to fear, but his first thought was not about himself, but to anxiously urge Fei and the others to hastily depart, “Kind hearted people, hurry and leave this place, don’t worry about me, but these demons will kill you…”

“Leave? Hahaha, too late! You 7 scums, your Robbie daddy me will stomp over your bodies and make you beg for mercy!” The officer that received reinforcements appeared even more arrogant. More than 40 soldiers surrounded Fei and the others, “Hurry, kneel before Officer Robbie and beg for mercy. Then later I will slice one less meat off your body!”

Fei’s eyes became sharp, like two ice cold swords against the little officer’s neck. A dense murderous atmosphere began surging around Fei, and those Black Stone soldiers didn’t even dare to put one step forward.

Fei gently patted the teenager on the shoulder, squatted, and asked calmly, “Little fellow, don’t be afraid. Tell me, what’s your name?”

“Luca… My name is Lukamod Richie, son of Caruso!”

The young body seemed to have understood something at this moment. After carefully observing Fei and the 6 muscular guys beside him and noticing all his injuries quickly going away, he sensed that these people gave him a powerful yet caring feeling. He carefully got closer to Fei and whispered.

“Okay, Luca, tell me, why did they beat you up?” Fei asked patiently.

“Uncle Zola’s leg was broken… he was too injured to go to the mine and work… no one cared about him… and he was thrown into the dead men’s pit and was about to starve to death… I… I secretly took a small piece of black bread to give to him, but I was busted by captain Robbie…” The little guy told Fei everything, his body couldn’t help but shiver again, and he was a little incoherent.

“Just for a piece of black bread?” Fei was stunned.

“Also because I’m from Chambord City…” The little guy lowered his head, and his fist tightened. Fei clearly saw that at an instant, a glimmer of hope and pride flashed past the corner of this little guy’s eyes, “The Black Stone kingdom’s soldiers hate and fear Chambord city, and Uncle Zola’s from Chambord too. They heard that the new King of the Chambord city came up with a wise ruling system and even defeated the nine-kingdom coalition army. Uncle Zola was spreading the story of the new king to encourage everyone to have hope, and he said that sooner or later, His Majesty the king will surely lead an invincible army here to kill these damn demons and save us. That’s why the soldiers broke Uncle Zola’s legs and threw him into the dead men’s pit…” After saying these words, the little guy’s face began to be filled with anxiety, “I wonder when His Majesty the King would be like what Uncle Zola said, leading an undefeated army to come here and save all of us… There are already too many people that died, Uncle Tom, Aunty Carla, and little Roddy. They were all beaten to death by these demons…”

Finally, the little boy spoke of something that deeply scarred his heart. He summoned the courage and pointed at those Black Stone soldiers, and his tears already began spilling like a waterfall, sobbing.



* * *





Chapter 169




Chapter 169

Chapter 169: I’m… The King of Chambord (Part 1)

Fei sighed; he didn’t know if he should feel angry or ashamed.

He lightly rubbed the kid’s head as he slowly stood up.

Fei suddenly felt really bad as he looked at this young, yet valiant face. Little Lucas’ words were like slaps that smacked Fei’s face forcefully. Before this, Fei always felt like he was being a good king and he was feeling good about himself… Who knew that there were so many citizens getting bullied and tortured at their enemies’ territories as they hoped that the new king would come to save them from this hellish place?

At that moment, the words made Fei’s body sweat uncontrollably. Fei realized that he wasn’t a good king, as Little Lucas’ words touched the softest and deepest spot in his heart.

“Hey, who are you? Don’t get yourself involved in this matter. These bastards from Chambord all deserve to die… Give back that little bastard. Your daddy Roby will act kindly and ignore what you just did and let you guys go…” The little military officer’s tone softened. He realized that these people weren’t weak or easy to deal with. A few Blackstone soldiers marked him as they saw a big team of soldiers that definitely weren’t these seven people’s reinforcements.

“Uncle, please go. Don’t worry about me. These demons are really scary. They will really kill people…” Anxiousness filled little Lucas’ clear eyes. Crystal clear tears started to appear in his eyes as he tried to rush everyone, including Fei away and ignore his own safety. “Go, I know that the king of Chambord will take the revenge for us!” He hurried.

“Lucas, you are a warrior, a real warrior!!”

Fei smiled as he stood in front of little Lucas. His thick back was like a huge mountain that guarded this little boy. Then, he glanced through the people around him like Lampard, Drogba, and Oleg, who were so angry that their faces had changed shape. He lightly nodded and said a cold word, revealing the murderous expressions.

“Kill!”

This word represented the arrival of the Grim Reaper.

As if Pandora’s Box was opened, demons rushed out and a tragedy instantly occurred at Blackstone Fortress.

The first one who moved was Frank-Lampard. He was the most powerful warrior out of the six people.

An eye-piercing white light suddenly appeared on his right fist. Then, like a lightning ball that was suppressed to its limit, it exploded. The lightning currents were like a bright firework, and everyone who was looking at him felt like their eyes were being burnt. When they were forced to close their eyes, they all heard a series of crisp bone and metal cracking noises.

Lightning Speed Fists!

It was as fast as lightning; the speed was beyond ordinary people’s reaction speed.

Out of everyone there, Fei was the only who saw Lampard’s movements and his fists’ trajectories – at the moment the lightning ball exploded, this former number one warrior at Chambord had punched out more than a hundred times, and every punch was equivalent to a bottom-tier four star warrior’s full strike.

That was the terrifying force of the Lightning Speed Fists.

It wasn’t just fast; it was powerful as well!

Except for Fei, Peter-Cech who was ranked number three among everyone there only saw some vague afterimages in the air. Warden Oleg, the golden boy Torres, and the other two strongmen who were a lot weaker than Lampard couldn’t catch Lampard’s movements at all. Every unprecedented energy channel that Fei opened with assistance of the Zen energy of the assassin mode had their own mysterious powers. The energy connections that were utilized in Li

ghtning Speed Fist specialized in speed and power, and it also created terrifying electric currents; these electric currents could numb an opponent’s nerves and reaction speed.

Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam!

After a series of loud muffles, the forty people exploded in mid-air and were turned into blood rain. These people were only ordinary soldiers. After getting struck by Lampard with god-knows how many fists, the power smashed their bones and flesh into dust. When wind blew by, they turned into blood rain. However, the scene looked very horrifying!

Pierce, Drogba, and Warden Oleg moved closer a few steps and realized that all the enemies in front of them were dead. The three of them looked at each other helplessly; after all, since Lampard moved, there was no task for them anymore.

The thin boy Lucas-Modric peaked out from Fei’s back and was stunned by what he saw.

“The forty demonic people are all dead?” The young boy couldn’t believe his eyes.

Everyone to the square defense formation, now!”

Fei shouted as he suddenly grabbed onto the boy who was stunned and leaped into the air. When his voice traveled to everyone’s ears, his figure had already disappeared from where he was standing; there were only a series of afterimages. The six masters who heard the king’s command instantly returned to the troops and brought all the soldiers to the small square. The hundred city bylaw enforcement officer and the fifty Saint Seiyas formed many iron wall circles around the resources, like food and water, that they had and paid extremely close attention.

“Take me to that elder Zolasc that you were talking about.”

Fei’s calm voice sounded in the young boy Lucas’ ears. However, this boy heard the hidden anger. What shocked this boy the most was the he felt like all the scenes in front of his eyes were changing at an insane speed. The wind created by this fast speed somehow disappeared about a meter away from him, as if an invisible force was helping him. The boy never thought that he could would be flying in the air; he was definitely shocked by the force that Fei demonstrated. When he heard Fei’s question, he hurriedly pointed in a direction.

“Who dares to charge through here?”

A few Blackstone soldiers who were under them saw unidentified people jumping over their heads as they shouted out loudly.

Fei didn’t even bother to acknowledge them. Like lightning, he dashed towards the direction that little Lucas pointed at.

“This is a restricted area, please stop…”

“Back off! Otherwise, we will shoot!”

The Blackstone soldiers were all surprised when they saw the intruder not responding to their warnings. A military officer’s expression darkened as he commanded, and a ton of arrows were shot at Fei and Lucas like rain drops in a heavy storm.

“Back off!”

Lights flashed through Fei’s eyes as he became very angry. He switched back to Barbarian Mode and punched out in the air. Boom! Boom! Boom! Loud noises sounded as the air was punched by a strong force that was more than a hundred thousand pounds. Under this force, the air was pressurized, and the high air pressured was emitted downward. This phenomenon was like an air cannon; the stone defense walls were hit by these invisible air balls and collapsed as if they were made of paper. The soldiers who were standing on it all screamed as they fell off…

The soldiers of Blackstone were all stunned when they saw the scene.

This kind of power was beyond their recognition, and their hands that were holding onto the weapons started to shake. No one dared to shoot arrows anymore; they were afraid that they might provoke this “flying grim reaper”, and he would turn them into meat paste with a few punches.

WOOOOOOOOOH!

Chapter 169: I’m… The King of Chambord (Part 2)

The battle bugle sounded in the city, and every Blackstone soldiers’ face changed color. This bugle meant one thing – the enemy had entered the city and everyone should get ready to fight. Everyone in Blackstone grabbed their weapons and put on their armor as they got ready to battle with the enemies to the death.

At the same time.

In a firm, yet secret stone cave on one side of the mountain, the blonde haired and bearded king of Blackstone was drinking and negotiating something with a mysterious man. When he heard the bugle, his expression changed as he quickly walked to the entrance of the cave. When he walked out, he saw the scene where Fei had smashed and collapsed more than a dozen small fortresses and the defense wall in the air.

Smash!

The wine glass in the Blackstone King’s hand was crushed into pieces, and his body shivered. “You are too damn arrogant, king of Chambord!!!!”

…

After about ten seconds.

Fei and the thin boy Modric arrived at a cliff behind the Blackstone Fortress under Modric’s instructions.

A big pit that was more than a hundred meters in diameter was dug out by humans under the cliff. It was more than a hundred meters tall from all three sides. A disgusting stench was coming out from the pit as more than tens of thousands of corpses were stacked at the bottom of this pit.

Most of these people had only died a few days ago. A ton of red marks and blood were on them. They were all very thin; their skin directly covered their bones. The corpse at the very bottom of this mountain had died about ten to fifteen days ago. Although it was autumn and the weather was chilly, these corpses had rotted to a degree where their faces weren’t even recognizable. Foul yellow liquids flowed out of the corpses, and white worms were all over them. Looking from afar, Fei could only see a big area of white substances wriggling around; it really was hell on earth!

“Uncle Zolasc is right there! Please save him!” the young boy pointed at a thin, corpse-like figure as he shouted anxiously.

Fei switched to Druid Mode and summoned a big bird with a wave of his hand. The bird cried in the air as it carried the thin “corpse” to the top of the cliff. Fei grabbed onto Modric and leapt into the air. He stepped onto the side of the cliff a few times and jumped onto the cliff.

The ventilation at the top of the cliff was better, and the foul smell wasn’t that heavy here.

After a detailed inspection, he could tell that this man who was over fifty years old was going die any second now. His heartbeat was so minimal that Fei almost couldn’t sense it. The bones under his knees were all crushed by someone using a cruel method. His tongue was cut off, one of his eyes was taken out forcefully, and one of his hands was cut off as well. His was in the worst possible condition. Since he also didn’t eat anything for a long time, he didn’t have much life left in him.

“Uncle! Please save him. Please! Please save him.” Modric’s tears started to slide off of his face like a fountain as he saw the elder’s condition. He cried as he jumped onto the elder’s body.

“Ah… So much pain… Is it little Lucas? Kid, don’t cry… Men of Chambord never cry!”

Maybe it was because he was reaching his final moments before death, but elder Zolasc’s consciousness had miraculously returned. With a light smile on his face, he looked at the young boy who was crying over him with his single eye. His rubbed Modric’s head with his dry old hand. Anger and calmness appeared in his eyes. With the remnants of his tongue, he said vaguely, “Good boy, remember, remember uncle’s word. You have to… you have to live on valiantly. You have to live until the moment the Saint King of Chambord come here with our troops. Tell his majesty the torture and pain that we suffered. Let his majesty take revenge for our Chambord’s citizens who died with grievances!”

“Uncle Zolasc, I found someone to save you. You will be okay, you will be okay…” The thin boy cried intensely. He turned around and kneeled in front of Fei as he begged, “Uncle, uncle, please save uncle Zolasc!”

Fei switched back to Paladin Mode, and a golden aura instantly covered the elder’s body.

A golden light started to appear within the elder’s body, and some of his external wounds started to heal. However, the elder was suffering from so many injuries; some of his body parts were missing, he was starving, and his bodily functions were malfunctioning. Paladin’s skill 【Prayer】wasn’t working well. Fei thought about it and took out a bottle of 【Potion of Full Rejuvenation】from his storage belt and poured half of the bottle onto the elder’s wounds and the other half into the elder’s mouth.

A miracle occurred.

The wounds and injures on the elder’s body began recovering at a visible speed! In the blink of an eye, bones started to grow out of his arms, and flesh followed. The eye that was taken out by force somehow also started to grow. The legs that were fully crushed almost instantly recovered… In a few breaths, 【Potion of Full Rejuvenation】that was the top potion of Diablo World came into effect. It easily healed this ordinary elderly man.

After a cold breeze blew by, elder Zolasc had fully awakened.

He looked at his hands and touched his eye. He then touched his legs as he couldn’t believe his senses. “How is this possible? I was going to…” He thought. After all, he was an elder who experienced a lot of events. He looked at Lucas who was so shocked and lost the ability to speak, thought about what he felt on the verge of death when his conscious was blurry, and looked at the young man beside him.

This man was no ordinary person, and he instantly understood what happened.

“This exceptional young man saved me!”

It was a miracle!

It was impossible!

“Thank you for saving my life!” The elder quickly kneeled down and bowed as he thanked Fei. “May I know you name? The citizens of Chambord will remember your kindness forever on…” He asked.

“Elder, please get up. I’m… I’m…” A shameful expression appeared on Fei’s face as he contemplated. For a moment, he couldn’t look at the elder’s earnest emotion in his eyes. He paused for a second and lightly answered, “I’m Alexander, the new king of Chambord!”



* * *





Chapter 170




Chapter 170

Chapter 170: Conquer the fortress, leave no lives behind! (Part one)

“I’m the king of Chambord.”

Every time Fei said it before, he felt very cool and dominating. If exaggerated a little bit more, one could say that he had an aura around him, as if he was the king of the world. However, when he said it this time, he felt like he could only look at the two people in front of him.

However, elder Zolasc was obviously stunned.

The expression on his face turned from loss to shock, to wild joy, to indescribable excitement and finally chagrin. Like a little kid who had been bullied and finally saw his parents, he hugged onto Fei’s thigh and stared crying out loud.

“Boo-hoo…”

He suddenly let loose all the emotions that were oppressed inside of him.

The elder’s voice was hoarse and dry, as if his tongue that was cut off didn’t grow back yet. The sound shot directly out of his throat. It sounded like the cry of a dying beast, like the surging current of a river that broke through the dam, like a hundred meter long defense wall collapsing under the strike of a huge force. and like the roar of a sprout that grew from under a heavy rock. Fei always disliked men who cried, but for some reason he felt his eyes getting a bit wet upon hearing this complex, yet straightforward sob.

The thin and bamboo-like young boy Modric was completely stunned beside the elder.

“He is the king of Chambord?”

“This is this Saint King who passed the saint-like statues and the law?”

“This is the Saint King of Chambord who swiped the joint force from nine other kingdom that uncle Zolasc was talking about?”

“Yeah.” The more Modric thought about it, the more he understood, “It must be him! Except for our king of Chambord, who else could arrive in front of me from the sky with other powerful warriors, and who could kill all the demon soldiers of Blackstone for a little Chambord boy like me? Who else could heal uncle Zolasc who was on the verge of dying like a god?”

“It can’t be anyone else except for him!”

A huge sense of satisfaction and thrill filled this thin boy’s body.

“Your majesty… You… you are finally here…” This was the first thing that the elder said to Fei. Zolasc was a very wise person who had experienced a lot of things. After a short moment, his cool returned. He pointed at the mountain made out of corpses in the pit with his finger as tears dripped down his wrinkly face. With his eyes filled with anger and hate, he said, “They are all our Chambord’s citizens…”

“What?” Fei was shocked; he felt like he was mishearing, “All… all of them?”

In the pit, there were more than a thousand cold corpses. From the injuries, Fei could tell that they were all tortured to death. A missing leg or an arm was very common as there weren’t any complete corpses; the scene was terrifying… Fei thought this was the burying pit for all the slaves who died from exhaustion or beating in the mines, but all of these people were from Chambord?! Since when did so many people from Chambord end up being enslaved here?

“… For all these years, Blackstone Kingdom has been behind all this. There are at least three to four thousand people from Chambord who were captured by mercenaries, by groups who captured people for slavery, and by other kingdoms due to war. They were all brought here to work in these mining pits. Everyone who came here three to four years ago had all died; no one could survive the dark mining pits, the lack of food, and the beating of the supervising soldiers for more than three years. Also, since Chambord and Blackstone were enemies with deep hatred towards each other, slaves

from Chambord suffered the most out of all the slaves here; there were slaves from Chambord who were almost beaten to death by the guards using iron chains every day. In the last month, your majesty’s name and your story of beating the joint forces from the nine kingdoms has been spread around, and that threatened the king of Blackstone. Under his anger and hatred, the torture that Chambord’s citizens experience became even worse. For the last half month, these inhuman demons tortured and killed more than a thousand slaves from Chambord!”

Elder Zolasc’s thoughts become clearer and clearer. He used the simplest words to describe the tragic history of the Chambord slaves at these mining pits. Fei stared at every single cold corpse in the pit in silence; he could see every that single one of his citizens suffered a horrifying death from all the torture and screams. He could almost see the wronged souls that were floating in front of him and telling him about the cruelties of Blackstone; he felt like they were asking him where the king of Chambord was when they were suffering through this.

Resentment soared into the sky, and everyone at Blackstone Fortress felt it.

Chapter 170: Conquer the fortress, leave no lives behind! (Part Two)

The sky was bright, but suddenly the wind started to blow. Then, a ton of dark cloud started to appear from a side of the sky. Soon, the clouds covered the entire sky and made everything very dark as everyone felt a terrifying storm in the making.

“Who else is still alive?” Fei asked: “Where are they now?”

“Four days ago, all the survivors from Chambord were gathered together and locked up at the underground water dungeon in this Blackstone Fortress. I heard that the Blackstone King was getting ready to kill them all to vent his anger…” A concerned expression appeared on Zolasc’s face when he said that.

Fei held his fists tightly.

He looked at Blackstone Fortress below the cliff that looked very organized and tight with a decisive expression on his face. He made a decision, “King of Blackstone, humph! He will pay for his actions with blood. The entire Blackstone Kingdom will be wiped out… As the king of Chambord, I swear on it!”

“Let’s go!”

Fei grabbed onto Modric and Zolasc and jumped down the hundred meter tall cliff like a bird. When they were about twenty meters above the ground, Fei switched to Druid Mode and summoned a big bird in front of them. He stepped onto the back of this giant raven with his toes and to stop falling as he and the other two landed on the ground safely.

Modric, who had seen Fei’s power, was already used to this, but it was the elder Zolasc’s first time seeing anyone this powerful. He was shocked, but when he remember that this young man was the twenty fifth king of Chambord, he became every excited again. “All the rumors are true; the king of Chambord does have an unbelievable power!” He thought.

In a few leaps, he had already returned to that square.

At this moment, the situation changed.

The soldiers of Blackstone were already forming into groups and charging towards Chambord’s forces through all streets and back alleys. They soon tightly circled around Chambord’s Expeditionary Force. Shouting and battle noises sounded, and many corpses were on the ground at the battle’s frontline; however, they were all blacked armored soldiers of Blackstone.

Without Fei’s command, Chambord’s Expeditionary Force only defenced and didn’t attack.

Even so, more than a hundred Chambord’s soldiers were like large stones in a fast current. They weren’t backing off and were virtually indestructible. Every time the black flood rushed onto the stone, they were smashed into pieces and bled severely.

“Die!”

Fei roared as he raised his hand. The druid’s elemental power rushed and circled around his hand, and then a red beam of fire dashed into the Blackstone soldiers.

The dim red beam of fire was around the thickness of an arm. There was no magic surging around it, and it looked harmless. Therefore, the soldiers of Blackstone didn’t pay attention to it, and some of them even mocked it.

But that this moment, things changed –

When this red beam was about two meters away from the ground, this flame suddenly bulged and turned into a dark red spherical ball that was about three meters in diameter. Spider web-like slits and cracks were on the fireball, and every single crack emitted terrifyingly hot orange flames. It smashed onto the ground and instantly killed five Blackstone soldiers who couldn’t get away.

However, the nightmare wasn’t over.

When the fireball landed on the ground, it started to roll with the momentum towards the crowd. Everywhere it went, lava floated out of the cracks and created fiery walls about two meters high. The terrifying fires burnt the soldiers around it into ash; even their weapons and armors were turned into metal liquid…

It was the Druid’s skill – [Molten Boulder].

The chaotic elemental power summoned a huge lava stone that smashed all the enemies into ashes. It was one of the two Druid’s skills that Fei had aside from summoning and shape shifting skills. It was perfect for a ground battle.

Whoosh-!

A series of red beams of fire shot out of Fei’s hands, and all of them turned to [Molten Boulders]. Except for where Chambord’s Expeditionary Force was standing, everywhere else turned into a sea of fire. The screams and cries of Blackstone soldiers resonated in the sky!

Boom!

Fei landed beside Lampard.

“Your majesty…” The six masters of Chambord came close to him. They relaxed when they saw that Fei was okay.

“Warriors’ of Chambord, listen to my order… Kill!” Fei passed Zolasc and Modric to soldiers around him as he switched back to Barbarian Mode. His hands reached into the air and he grabbed onto the purple and green dual swords as two lights flashed by. He shouted, “Kill! Leave no lives behind! Wipe this Blackstone Fortress clean!”

At this time, the [Molten Boulder] had already disappeared, and the elemental power dispersed into the air. The fire slowly went out, but these magic strikes had killed three to four hundred Blackstone soldiers. The unbelievable power scared these soldiers to death. Although they had a numbers advantage, they didn’t dare charge at Chambord’s soldiers anymore.

Under Fei’s command, the fifty Saint Seiyas turned into six groups under the six powerful warriors’ lead and charged into their enemies, and bloody rain started to fall from the sky.



* * *





Chapter 171




Chapter 171

Chapter 171: Undefeated (Part 1)

Although Chambord city’s Saint Seiyas hadn’t participated in too many bloody head-on confrontations, but the individual strength enhancement from the [Hulk Potion] was able to make up for their lack of experience. Faced with the elite soldiers of the Black Stone Kingdom, every soldier demonstrated terrifying fighting strength. Shields that weighed hundreds of pounds and axes of exaggerated shapes felt like weightless straws in their hands. When swinging, strong gales of wind would follow, and the moment a Black Stone soldier came into contact with it, they would immediately wish they were never born.

Clang~

With giant axes swinging through, any weapons, shields, or armor would feel like paper, immediately shattering into pieces.

Whew~



One shield bash forward, dozens of enemies would fly like kites, struggling hopelessly as they puked out blood and flew into the sky.

This was the most head-on confrontation!

A fierce collision between brute forces!

In such a battle, not a single ordinary soldier of the Black Stone Army could receive one blow from Chambord City’s Saint Seiyas.

The situation was just one-sided, like a group of tigers charging into a herd of sheep. Since the very beginning, it was an asymmetrical battle, an unilateral oppressive massacre. Despite the great number on Black Stone’s side, the narrow street designs inside the Black Stone fortress became their own nightmare. In the past, they would take advantage of this design to slowly kill off their enemies, but at this moment, this field limited their ability to capitalize on their numbers advantage. The six groups of Saint Seiyas, under Lampard and the other 5 elite masters’ leadership, were like 6 ruthless lawn mowers. Their blades relentlessly advanced roaring, and all that the Black Stones soldiers could do were to fall row by row as they like helpless grass, and whine like little bitches…

“Thunder Lightning Fist!!!”

A flashing electric light exploded from Lampard’s hand, like a blinding sun just appeared in the crowd, suddenly stunning countless Black Stone soldiers. Then, a fist that couldn’t be tracked by vision landed again and again on the soldiers in front of this red-haired man. The figures in front of him felt like sacks of dusts flying all over the sky, and then turning into bloody mist under the explosions as they began to fall down.

“Corpse-Piling Shock Wave!!”

After the second growth stage, the 2-meter tall meat-mountain warden Oleg roared. His whole body of fat began to tremble, and then he leaned over, suddenly punching fiercely into the ground. Under the loud rumbling sound, two huge spider web-like cracks with his fists as the center quickly began spreading forward.

At the next moment, a shockwave undetectable by the naked eye suddenly appeared in the ground, and with countless click and snap sounds, all the Black Stone soldiers within a 20 meters radius in front of Oleg suddenly stopped. A gust of wind flew past, and something appalling happened – a fissure appeared in the fixed soldiers’ body. The crack grew larger and bigger, and finally, their skin, skeleton, hair, armor, shield, along with the weapons in their hand, all fell down to the ground like a collapsed sand statue.

This was a new ultimate skill Oleg had learned from Fei.

The two fists would pour all the physical strength and energy force into the earth, and then through a special channel of energy it would trigger an invisible super frequency shockwave. This was a terrifying and deadly shock wave, capable of quietly shattering any solid material. It carried the breath of death, and it was hard to guard against!

After one move, ahead of Oleg was 46 neatly stacked meat and blood piles mixed with metal

scraps.

The scene was bloody and scary.

The [Corpse-Piling Shock Wave] scroll was created after Fei reached level 28 with his [Assassin mode] with a few references to the [Necromancer mode]. After reaching level 28, with the help of the newly gained energy channels, Fei explored the corresponding energy channels in the real world, and also studied the earth-style energy scroll that he looted from the four-star magician Evans’s dimension ring. He then ultimately created this scroll.

Fei named this scroll [Corpse-Piling Shock Wave] after the Saint Seiya Death Mask’s skill Corpse Underworld Wave, demonstrating his obsession with that anime once again. The style actually suited Warden Oleg. This guy also used to be a villain, and he often dealt with the dead so he carried a scent of death. This scroll was basically tailor-made for Oleg. 15 days ago Fei bestowed this scroll onto Oleg as a reward for starting and taking care of the paper-making factory and sewage system when he was on hiatus. A few hours ago, this fatty finally mastered a few keys in this skill, and the effect was already incredible for a first-time user.

It’s just that with his current physical strength and energy level, such a skill could only be used once within a short period of time and needed a certain recovery period.

But this time, it was enough to terrify the Black Stone soldiers, and no one dared to stay in front of Oleg anymore.

Of course, as for showing off, the two professionals Paul Pierce and Drogba definitely wouldn’t let the fat man take away the glory. Right when Oleg was using his ultimate, the two Saint Seiya both used their own ultimate skills!

“Exxxxxcaaaaaaaalliiiiiiiburrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!”

The Capricorn Saint Seiya shouted in the most exaggerating way possible. A golden light flashed on his arm, and instantly, his right arm incredibly became an indestructible golden sword. Gently waving it in the air, an invisible sword breath surged up and silently crosscut through.

Chapter 171: Undefeated (Part 2)

Instantly, the 60 or so enemies within 20 meters in front were clearly cut in half at the waist, including their armor and the weapons in their hands. Even the castle wall behind them had a 1-meter deep sword cut in it. Many soldiers didn’t even feel any pain, let alone know what was happening. Their feet were still running but the upper half of their body was stopped in place…

“Giiiiigaaaaaaanttttttttiiccccccccccccccccccccccccc Hoooooooornnnnnnnnnnnn!”

The Taurus Saint Seiya Drogba’s huge body leaned slightly forward. A golden light flashed on his head, and a golden helmet with two sexy giant horns appeared. In the next instant, Drogba’s legs unleashed explosive strength which sent him sprinting forward! They saw that all the enemies that got in his way had their bodies shattered into pierces, and suddenly heads, arms, legs, bodies, butts, began flying everywhere…

Such a simple charge of about 30 meters sent 60 soldiers to hell.

Aftering witnessing this incredible scene, the old man Zola and the thin boy Modrich that were situated inside the Chambord army’s protection circle went through the emotional stages of the initial shock, to the current state of blood-boiling. Even though, in the past, the fame of the Chambord King and the knights under his command had already been spread to their ears, which lit the fire of hope as their body went through all kinds of painful torture and supported them through all hardship… even though they once fantasized about how mighty the Chambord King and his army were… but even with the most optimistic fantasies, they did not imagine that they would see what they are seeing now…

Powerful!

Too powerful!



This degree of strength had gone far beyond the imagination of all Chambord citizens that were enslaved here.

Old man Zola couldn’t help but let his tears roll down his wrinkled face. Thank f*cking god, our Chambord City finally has a mighty king and powerful knights that can protect its people! Such a sudden feeling of happiness was so unreal, Zola and Modrich both tried to rub their eyes, scared that at the next instant they would come to the realization that it was just an illusion.

As their blood was boiling, the young man that saved them both, the back image of Chambord’s King Alexander, suddenly transformed into a purple and green light in the mad wind. Everywhere he went past, all the enemies from Black Stone Kingdom were sliced in half. Even those star-tier warriors that were normally well-respected and normally referred to as elites were not able to survive for an instant under the Chambord King’s sword.

This was a truly unrivaled king!

“Shoot arrows! Hurry and shoot arrows!”

A sharp, angry voice suddenly came from above the walls of the Black Stone Fortress, and this loud voice finally snapped those Black Stone archers that stood in the mountains back to reality. They fought back their fear and began pulling on their bow.

“Black Stone King, I’ve waited for you for a long time!”

Fei shouted, he suddenly leaped up and shot himself towards the cliff where the sound came from. The purple and green swords disappeared, and Fei’s two fists brutally struck the mountain side with terrifying strength!

During this time, in addition to killing all the elites that could pose a threat to the Saint Seiyas, Fei had been searching for the Black Stone King’s hideout. He was certain, under this situation, such an ambitious and brutal king would surely hide at a corner to command his army. During that morning, Fei already remembered the Black Stone King’s voice, and when that voice sounded, Fei was immediately certain that the speaker was definitely the Black Stone King.

Rumble!

Two terrifying punches bombarded the mountain side, and the steep mountain wall suddenly exposed a 2-meter wide and deep pit. A large amount of gravel fell down. There was indeed a hidden chamber on the mountain side, and the people hidden inside were instantly killed by the shockwave.

Fei swept past the dead bodies, and noticed that the enemy king was not among them.

But, a simple small magic seal appeared in Fei’s vision, and it was destroyed.

Fei suddenly understood what happened. This was a very simple voice transmission magic seal, just like a speaker in his past life, it could broadcast words from elsewhere to here and amplify it… Looks like the Black Stone King was talking out of this magic seal just now.

“Chambord King, you dare to attack my Black Stone Fortress! You breached the imperial law, hehe, don’t get too happy, sooner or later you will be trialed by the Empire’s judgement team!”

Black Stone King’s voice echoed in the valley.

“Go f*ck yourself! You harmed my people, I will slaughter your entire city…” Fei roared, “When thousands of people from my city died at that death pit in the back mountains of your Fortress, how come the Imperial Law didn’t cross your mind? Black Stone Kingdom must pay the price for what it did! I swear to the God of War, Your Majesty the King Alexander swears with the royal glory of Chambord City, I will kill the Black Stone King, and destroy Black Stone City!”



* * *





Chapter 172




Chapter 172

Chapter 172: Domination (Part 1)

"Swear to destroy my Black Stone Kingdom?" The Black Stone King laughed, "Hahaha, Chambord King, you are too naïve. We can talk about it after you get out of this scorching mountain…" But in the middle of his sentence, his voice suddenly stopped, as if he was choked by someone right beside him and no words followed after that.

Thousands of archers hidden in the outposts and mountain walls shot into the sky. The sound of arrows pierced the sky, and the vibration of the bow strings echoed in the mountains. Waves after waves of arrows that blotted out the sun began flying towards Chambord's army.

The arrows dropped down like a torrential rain, and as can be expected, the arrow rain actually completely covered the battlefield indiscriminately. Many Black Stone soldiers didn't have enough time to retreat and were shot by their own archers. Some gained a hole in their chest, some got shot in the eye, and some got shot in the leg. They all cried miserably as they fell to the ground, and before they even had time to struggle, they were instantly shot into hedgehogs.

"Ahhh… same side…"

"Stop shooting, we are on the same side…"

The Black Stone soldiers' screams sounded like hell on earth.

However, such a level of arrows wouldn't trouble high level elites like Lampard, Cech, and the others. Before the arrows even come into a meter-distance around them, the arrows would powerlessly fall. To fighters like Warden Oleg and the other muscular men, their physical body were enhanced by large doses of the [Hulk Potion]. Their skin became tough and thick, and normal arrows, if not shot from heavy crossbows or not aiming for eye or other key parts, wouldn't hurt them at all.

Other than the 6 master fighters, the sky-covering arrow rain still brought a little trouble to the other Saint Seiyas. Although there was heavy armor covering large areas of their bodies, there would still be someone that got shot in the arms or legs that were not covered. However, at this moment, the Chambord soldiers' morale already surged because of King Alexander's words earlier. The blood-boiled warriors actually forgot the feeling of pain. They just pulled out the arrows from their body, roared and continued their charge.

"Hahahaha, Chambord King, today I will let you witness your own elites dying under a rain of arrows due to your impulsiveness and stupidity!" The Black Stone King's voice sounded again, but it was a little erratic. Fei tilted his ears trying to capture the direction of the source, but there were no results.

"What a joke, you think your douchebags can kill my Chambord warriors?" Fei sneered and shouted, "Bylaw Enforcement Officers, shoot down all of those archers!"

Pew pew pew pew pew pwew~

A series of even more sonorous bow string sounds began echoing in response to Fei's command, and they instantly took command of the sky.

The arrows were like hungry locusts, eagerly flying to their enemies.

The bows used by Chambord's Bylaw Enforcement officers were manufactured by Chambord's blacksmiths under the guidance of high level blacksmiths and casting masters of the Diablo world. These officers all more or less took some [Hulk Potion], although their change weren't as drastic as Warden Oleg or the others. Their strength, though, had definitely significantly improved, capable of lifting thousands of pounds of weight. So, these bows were all super powerful bows tailor-designed for these officers. Plus, these guys also learned from the female rogues, and they became god-tier shooters. Very soon, 50 or so of these bows gradually suppressed the thousands of enemy archers.

"Ah…"

"Nooo…"

"Help

…"

Even though the enemy archers were hiding, they were still shot down easily by the Bylaw Enforcement officers. And those Black Stone Archers that were standing on the high ground with their flies wide open, they had nowhere to hide or run. Just like dumplings getting boiled, they suddenly began falling down as they screamed.

"Kill the archers first!"

With the command, the six master warriors jumped out of the crowd at the same time. They all chose a different direction and began mercilessly slaughtering, and all the skills they used were large area ultimate killing techniques. After a quick slaughter, the black castle walls kept breaking apart due to the immense force and the two mountain sides also began to collapse. Giant boulders began falling off and killed many Black Stone soldiers that were trying to hide. At that moment, it felt like the end of the world, with all the dust and dirt covering the sky. Under the terrifying attacks, the thousand Black Stone archers were like crops exposed to the scorching sun and the brutal blizzard. Soon most died, and those that luckily survived all turned around to escape, not daring to pop up their head again.

Chambord city reclaimed their upper hand.

The Black Stone Army's defeat was inevitable. This fortress that was carefully operated for many years would turn into ruins, and become history, bearing witness of the Chambord Warriors' glory.

But, just then, Fei's face changed.

Because he suddenly felt clearly that there were more than 10 weak magical forces fluctuating, beginning to gather on both sides of the mountain walls in the distance. This phenomenon was clearly caused by sorcerers or magic matrices gathering magical power and charging to make a powerful strike.

As Fei expected, a kingdom like the Black Stone Kingdom indeed hid magic power from the public.

They already possessed the power of magic.

The Black Stone King painstakingly ran his kingdom for so many years. Not only had its army size and equipment tiers far surpassed Chambord's, they were even ahead in the cultivation of magic. The voice-transmitting magic array that appeared in the secret chamber on the side of the mountain was one piece of evidence. Now, there were dozens of magic energy fluctuations that would for sure deal significant damage to the Chambord expedition army if activated.

1.5/3 regular chap delivered this week~



Chapter 172: Domination (Part two)

But-

“Haha, I was afraid that you wouldn’t show up!”

Fei had long been ready for this. He instantly switched to [Amazon warrior mode]. Making a light grip in the air, a red flame flashed past, and at the next second, there was a peculiarly designed bow with triple edged barbs, just like a pair of opened eagle wings. The feathers stacked neatly, and the bow’s body was slender and refined, covered in crimson red scale-like patterns. Such a long bow appeared out of thin air in his left hand. With his left hand holding onto the bow string, a crimson magic arrow with fluctuating energy appeared.

Rumble~

Fei’s left hand became a red blur and the bowstring sounded as loud as thunder. Rows of red magic arrows shot out like bullets, in strings of ten, all towards the same direction. Under just three seconds, Fei actually shot out 120 magic arrows.

The Amazon’s powerful arrow skill – [Strafe].

Very soon-

Rumble.

A barrage of explosion sounds came from the distance, and don’t know what the arrows hit, but they triggered multiple violent explosions after piercing the stone walls. Dozens of magical energy fluctuations of different elements leaked out, and they were accompanied by a series of miserable screams…

Lampard and the others suddenly realized what happened. If it wasn’t for His Majesty the King’s fast reaction, the enemy’s charged magic attacks would’ve successfully been launched. By that time, casualties were inevitable. Everyone was once again shocked by Fei’s peerless shooting skills. This is their first time seeing Fei use a bow, and as a type of weapon that was usually deemed weak by elite warriors in the world of cultivation, it could actually give birth to such a powerful magic attack in the hands of His Majesty the King. It was even able to instantly kill dozens of hidden magicians. This inspired the Bylaw Enforcement Officers to tightly hold onto their ball, as they saw the direction for their future.

“Ahhhh, damn it, Alexander… It is not impossible for both of us to exist together!!”

The Black Stone King was flustered, and the malicious and vicious voice sounded again.

But this time he didn’t use the magic speaking array. The direction which his voice came from was very clear. Fei almost immediately leaped off the ground, and as he shot himself towards that direction, the eagle-wing-like bow also violently trembled once, and another barrage of magic flaming arrows shot out towards that direction too.

Rumble~!

A giant fissure was torn open on the west side of the mountain wall by those magic arrows. The stone collapsed and revealed the buildings inside – there was indeed a secret chamber. Fei’s eyes were sharp like thunder, right away spotting the Black Stone King’s muscular back image running his ass away into another passage in the secret chamber under protection of guards.

“Haha, running away now? Too late!”

Fei stepped into the stone chamber, and with the Eagle-Wing Bow in his hand, he dashed into the passage and closely followed.

This was a very narrow passage, so narrow that it could only let one person pass at a time. It was dark, narrow, yet long.

Fei maintained a high degree of vigilance, but his steps did not slow down at all and he was in hot pursuit.

It was about 10 minutes, and Fei started hearing the sound of footsteps coming from afar.

Pew~

Fei raised his arm and shot an arrow right away.

A painful cry came along right after.

Fei got closer and took a glance, two guards were shot through the heart and died, and the Black Stone King was still running.

After about another 5 to 6 minutes, Fei’s vision suddenly broadened. He finally got out of the tunnel, but there was no trace of the Black Stone king and his guards. Fei jumped up to a higher ground, and he spotted the Black Stone King and 6 guards riding away on horses. So they had already prepared horses at the entrance of the secret tunnel, and the moment they got out, everything would be ready to go.

A cold smile hung on Fei’s face.

Pew~

Another arrow shot out, and a Black Stone guard in the distance let out a shrilling cry as he fell off from the horseback.

“Black Stone King, you can’t escape!”

The current Black Stone King and his guards were still within the [Amazon] archer mode’s range.

However, Fei wasn’t in a hurry to kill this tyrant, but rather wanted him to experience the fear of death. Fei just casually let out arrows one after another, each taking away a life of a Black Stone guard that was riding beside the Black Stone King. Very soon, beside the king, there was only one heavily armored guard left.

Such a move really brought great deterrence and fear to the Black Stone King!

He was whipping his horse’s ass like crazy as he was covered in sweat himself. Then, there would come miserable cries right beside him as he lost more and more guards. He couldn’t help but shiver, and an unprecedented feeling of fear came, he was this close to death for the first time. It was as if someone was already holding a sharp sword against his back, and a chill surged all the way from his tailbone to the top of his skull.

The Black Stone King’s soul was about to jump out of his body, he mercilessly stabbed the dagger into his warhorse’s ass, which caused the horse to cry and run like crazy.

At that moment, Fei’s arrow had locked onto his back.

The moment he let loose the bowstring, the arrow could instantly kill this ambitious conspirator and tyrant right on the spot. But at that moment, Fei suddenly changed his mind, because he thought of an even better way to deal with this brutal king who was responsible for the deaths of thousands of defenseless Chambord citizens!





* * *





Chapter 173




Chapter 173

Chapter 173: Devastating Undead Curse (Part 1)

Bang!

The bowstring on the Bow of Eagle’s Wing vibrated mercilessly as Fei shot out the arrow.

However, the target was the Blackstone King’s horse.

Bam!

Blackstone King who was already so scared lost all of the basic instincts of a two star warrior. When his horse fell to the ground, he didn’t react fast enough and fell down with the horse as well. He rolled on the ground for a few rounds; his face and clothes got all dirty, and a few of his teeth got knocked out of his mouth. The golden crown with the ruby as a decorative piece, which he would even wear in his sleep, also fell down and rolled to a bush quite far away.

In front of him, the only guard who was left looked back at him and whipped his horse as he escaped like a madman; he didn’t care about his king’s life at all. At this point, he just didn’t want Fei to target him with the sharp arrow.

A cold smile appeared on Fei’s face as he saw his enemies in such chaos.

He quickly switched back to Necromancer Mode, and the grey-whitish gloomy cold death energy surrounded him and covered his face and body. Then he quickly rushed to somewhere that was about twenty meters away from Blackstone King. At this moment, the Blackstone King didn’t notice Fei’s approach as his head was still dizzy from the fall.

Fei formed a fist with his hand and suddenly spread out his fingers. Grey death energy shot out of his five fingers and instantly turned into five grey ghost like creatures that were whining and crying. Like sharks that smelled blood, the five “ghosts” dashed towards Blackstone King and disappeared as they tore open the king’s armor and bit into it.

Necromancer curse skill – [Decrepit].

The target of the curse would quickly age and be slowed. Any damage that the target received was amplified.

After Fei casted the curse, he thought about it and wasn’t satisfied. He opened his palms again, and a cloud of death energy rotated in his palm like a mini-tornado. He pushed that energy towards the Blackstone King, and it instantly went into the king’s body as well. Then, Fei was the only one who was able to see that a light red flame appeared above the Blackstone King’s head.

Necromancer curse skill – [Confusion].

The target of the curse would fall into a state of anxiety and chaos. The target would turn very aggressive and want to attack everything around him or her while ignoring if they were allies or foe.

After casting the two spells, Fei finally stopped. Without hesitation, he switched back to Barbarian Mode and used [Leap]. In a few dashes, he disappeared from where he was standing. He was rushing back to Blackstone Fortress through the underground path he took before.

This was the first time he used cursed skills of Necromancer in real life.

[Decrepit] would make the king of Blackstone lose all of his energy and spirit and stay in a state of fast-aging and pain. Any kind of injury, including splinters from wood, would make him bleed continuously. [Confusion] on the other hand would make him very aggressive; even the closest people like his kids, wives, and trusted ministers would be attacked by him.

The Blackstone King would turn into a wasted man with these two curses on him. He would turned into a ferocious and violent beast.Tthe cleverness that he once had would all be gone. With regards to the Blackstone Kingdom, this king would only lead them to chaos and killing, and the kingdom would be in fear, uproar, and turbulence.

These two curses would be with the Blackstone King until he died – Unless someone voluntarily help him to get rid of the curses; but the chance of that happening was very slim. From the obscene old man Cain’s analysis, although the

Necromancer skills and the undead magic on Azeroth Continent shared the same roots, they differed a lot of the techniques and casting processes. Fei was sure that no one in the Zenit Empire was able to get rid of the terrifying curses from the Diablo World.

Of course, Fei had thought about conquering Blackstone Kingdom before.

But this wasn’t the right time.

First, Chambord Expeditionary Force needed to go to St. Petersburg for the Military Practice. This opportunity had the priority on the list. Before Chambord had the power to battle with its parent empire, Fei would have to play by their rules. Through participating in the Military Exercise, Chambord was able to get more resources and space for future development. Also, Zenit, as the parent Empire, was able to protect Chambord who was in its infancy from external dangers like an umbrella.

Although the battle between the two kingdoms was already illegal, it could be covered by excuses like all of the corpses of mine slaves from Chambord, just like how Chambord used the excuses of the attack of the nine kingdoms to capture their princes. It didn’t really matter if Fei destroyed the buildings on the surface, but killing the royal family of a kingdom was considered treason since most of the kings were canonized by the Zenit Empire. Especially since Blackstone was a level 4 affiliated kingdom and Chambord was only a level 6, and thus the King of Blackstone had a higher status than Fei. If Fei killed the Blackstone King, the Law Enforcement Knight Palace would definitely be after him. Although Fei wasn’t scared of them, Chambord needed peace and time to grow, so it was smarter just to not get into any trouble. At this moment, Fei had to let this king live; there were plenty of opportunities to kill this enemy.

Through the dark and long underground tunnel, Fei soon returned to the Blackstone Fortress.

The battle was pretty much gone.

90% of the four thousand elite soldiers from Blackstone Kingdom were dead. The rest of them had dropped their weapons and kneeled down in the square, shivering as they waited for the Chambord’s soldiers’ commands.



Chapter 173: Devastating Undead Curse (Part 2)

……

“Siiiiii-!”

In the neighs of a horse, Blackstone King who was still in the grasses raised his head and looked up. The guard who ditched him in danger came back.

“Your Majesty, are …… are you ok?”



The guard took off his helmet and showed his young face. Due to the fear, his black hair was wet and messy. His tone didn’t sound like someone who pledged loyalty to the king, but he did sound earnest as if he knew he shouldn’t had ditched the king and escape alone.

“Humph! I won’t die……”

Blackstone King slowly sat up in the grasses. Although he didn’t die in the moment, he was still scared. Although he still held a grudge against the young man in front of him, he controlled himself well. He stared at the direction where Fei disappeared and said with unprecedented viciousness and hatred, “King of Chambord. I didn’t die this time. Hehehe, you will regret this! Soon, as the king of Blackstone, I promise that you will see your castle getting conquered, and all your subjects getting murdered in front of you. As the king, I swear that I will make you wish you are already dead!”

“So weird? Why did the King of Chambord leave?” The young man murmured curiously.

“Nothing strange. Although that idiot is violent, he is not stupid. He knew what will happen if he killed me, the king of a level 6 affiliated kingdom…… Hehehehe, although he doesn’t dare to kill me, I will kill him one day.”

The black haired young man didn’t agree with the king’s opinion. But he didn’t say anything more. He exhaled and said, “Ok, if you are ok, when we should act in accordance with the plan. Let’s go back to Blackstone Castle first and get prepared for the Burning Sun Operation……”

“Ok, but Prince Evan, my military suffered a great lose. All the cavaliers that I have were lost in the Blackstone Fortress. If we want to monitor King of Chambord, we might have to tell the big boss to find some other people!” After thinking about the collapse of Blackstone Fortress and the clean sweep of his four thousand elite soldiers, Blackstone King felt like his heart was bleeding.

“That’s no problem…… the King of Chambord and Chambord’s strength are beyond our original estimation. We have to tell everything that happened here to the big boss……” As he said, the black haired Prince Evan waved his hand and called down a white winged eagle that was flying in the sky. He talked to the bird in a strange language and the eagle soon flew away.

The Blackstone King felt very ashamed, but he was still scared. Chambord’s power was far beyond his estimation; not only was the Chambord King’s strength powerful, the warriors under him were powerful as well. All of this made Blackstone King feel an unprecedented fear. As he supported himself on a big rock and wanted to stand up, his body suddenly shook and felt an unprecedented weakness. The arm that he used to swung his sword and kill his enemies couldn’t use any strength. His nose also felt cold, and when he touched his nose with his hands, blood smeared his hand.

“Shit…… I must have got injured from falling down the horse.”

Blackstone King didn’t pay much attention to it. He had been through wars, and it was normal for him to get injured. He forced himself to stand up as he got a horse that belonged to one of his guard who was killed by an arrow. When he wanted to jump onto the horse, his legs suddenly felt very weak as well; if he didn’t hold onto the rein, he would fall off of the horse again. When he used all of his warrior energy and barely got onto the back of the horse, his nose started to bleed even more.

For some reason, Blackstone King had a desire of wanting to tear Prince Evan, who was the prince of a top affiliated kingdom and was ordering him around, into pieces. At that moment, he even held onto the handle of his sword. When he half-drew his sword and wanted to stab at Prince Evan, the tiny bit of consciousness he had left stopped him.



* * *





Chapter 174




Chapter 174

Chapter 174: Your Majesty, Someone Is Attacking Your Bird (Part Two)

The slaves in the water dungeon were stunned . “How is this possible? Wasn’t old Zolasc beaten badly by Blackstone soldiers and was thrown into the corpse pit in the back mountains?” They all thought . Four days ago, Zolasc was punished for inciting the slaves in public; one of his eyes was dug out and his tongue was cut off . After, all four of his limbs were crippled and he got thrown away . Every slave from Chambord saw that scene, and they were all shocked to hear Zolasc’s normal and unharmed voice .

“Also, what did he say?”

“Ma……majesty?”

“Who else would be addressed by Zolasc this way?”

Almost everyone thought of one person .

They all knew about old Zolasc’s personality . It was stubborn like a stone! Except for the king of Chambord, he wouldn’t call any other king “you majesty” . The Blackstone king valued the administrative and executive abilities of old Zolasc and offered to title him a noble of Blackstone if he called him “your majesty”, but old Zolasc instantly declined .

“My citizens could be locked up in here for four days, why can’t I go in there for a moment?”

A crisp yet undeniable voice reached everyone’s ears . It sounded very majestic . The figured that was covered by the sunlight suddenly shone again, and a golden light came off of him . With a warm yet majestic sensation, this golden light lit up every corner in this water dungeon . As if this light had was heat, it made everyone feel an unprecedented warm energy flowing in their bodies . The wounds and scars that tortured them in this condition slowly healed under the envelopment of the light miraculously .

A young yet valiant face appeared in everyone’s eyes .

This face was also engraved into everyone’s soul .

They couldn’t forget this face for the rest of their lifetimes .

“Warrior of Chambord, Alexander is here too late . I know what you suffered through, and I apologize to every one of you as your King . Sorry, Alexander has stained the honor of Chambord’s Royal Family and didn’t protect my citizens!”

Fei said as he stepped into the stinky black water, the golden light coming off of him getting stronger and stronger .

Paladin’s skill – [Prayer]

After initiating this skill, it would heal the allies and help them recover . It would also heal the wounds on their bodies to a certain degree .

At the same time, he walked into the crowd with a black long sword . The body of the sword vibrated and dashed through the crowd as it broke all the chains and yokes on their bodies . The king’s sword technique was godlike . Although these iron chains were tightly wrapped around the slaves’ bodies, the sword didn’t harm anyone of them .

Every mine slave was stunned as they stood there and witnessed the whole process .

After feeling the warmth in their bodies, and feeling the itchiness and numbness of their wounds healing, after feeling the chains on them breaking, after witnessing everything that was happening according to what they were all dreaming of when they were hungry and fainting, they forgot to think, forgot to talk, forgot to move, and even forgot about themselves……

“Is this real? Really real”? Everyone was asking themselves . Some of them lightly pinched themselves to make sure that they were not in another dream .

After half a minute when the other warriors of Chambord, including Lampard and Drogba who chased after Fei, were about to step into the water dungeon, they suddenly heard a loud cheer –

“Hail the king!”

“Hail your majesty!”

“Long live the Saint King of Chambord!!”

The volume of these cheers was so loud that they almost tore away the roof of the dungeon . The cheer had the blood-boiling joy and excitement, and it also had a sense of being wronged . At that moment, everyone, including Lampard, was touched . They almost felt like they were seeing the shocking and proud scene four month ago when the black armored enemies attacked and sieged Chambord Castle and the king was chopping down the enemy’s three-star warrior and saved Chambord . Everyone surrounding him then had also been cheering “Hail the king!” .

……

……

The exhausted, wounded, and hungry mine slaves of Chambord in the water dungeon were in an aroused mood . Soon, they were all transferred to a relatively dry and more comfortable square with stone pillars on the side . The expeditionary force of Chambord had already destroyed the bloody stone pillar, and they had set up temporary tents, lit up cooking fires, set up big pots, and started to cook hot food .

“Ah, it is you! Old Tom, god, you are still alive……”

“Oh god of war, this is real? Father, after you disappeared, my mom and I thought you were already dead . You are still alive…… Thank the god of war, thank his majesty!”

“Kunta, Aunt Nina cries every day because she misses you too much; her eyes are almost blind because of it . You have to go back soon……”

“Brother, do you still recognize me? I’m Kyle, big headed Kyle . I finally found you . Did you know? After you went missing, father and mother were overly-sad and had all passed away……”

Hundreds of these kinds of conversation occurred on the square .

For the last couple of years, a lot of citizens of Chambord had gone missing, and that alone had destroyed many families . The people who were still alive had to suffer the pain and the consequences . However, they didn’t expect to meet friends and lost family members among the slaves there . It might have been God’s decrees .

Of course, more than two hundred mine slaves had malaria due to their weak body condition and died in the water dungeon before Fei came .

Everyone gathered the corpses of the mine slaves of Chambord who died in Blackstone Fortress and put them all in the “corpse pit” at the back mountains . The burning flames that were shooting up at the sky were just like the hate of the mine slaves of Chambord . These flames soon enveloped the wounded and tortured corpse and provided the souls warmth and relieve who were far away from their homes . After more than thousands of corpses were burnt to ashes, they were put into more than a dozen big chests . As the king of Chambord, Fei promised everyone that these ashes would be taken back to Chambord and brought up to the peak of the east mountain and buried at the graves of heroes!

“As the king of Chambord, I promise to you all that no Chambordian would become a slave ever again from today onward . Any criminal who dares to harm a Chambordian would receive punishment from me, the king of Chambord, as well as the god of war himself . It doesn’t matter what identity or status this criminal has!”

In front of the flames that could swallow the sky, Fei swore and promised to his loyal subjects .

The four hundred captured soldiers of Blackstone were brought to the stone pillar square . They were formed into a line, and the mine slaves of Chambord got the chance to point out the ones who had killed and tortured them or their peers . These soldiers would be executed on the spot, and the rest of them got their armor taken away from them and got kicked out of Blackstone Fortress .

The situation finally calmed down a little .

The Main leaders like Fei and Lampard had a meeting under the sky and discussed the methods and ways of settling the citizens that they had just rescued .

The expeditionary force had to hurry up and get to St . Petersburg on time so they could participate in the Zenit’s Military Exercise that all affiliated kingdoms of Zenit had to take a part in . There was still a long way to go, and they couldn’t really take these six to seven hundred weak former mine slaves who were exhausted due to long-term labor and a lack of food along with them . These people required delicate care and a long-period of rest . After a while of talking, the final decision was that the second most powerful warrior Lampard who was just behind Fei would bring Drogba and Pierce along with twenty-five Saint Seiya and fifty City Bylaw Enforcement Officers to protect and help to take these wounded poor citizens to Chambord . After getting them to the new Head Minister Bast, Lampard would lead the soldiers and rush back to try to catch up to Fei . According to this plan, Fei and Lampard would rejoin forces before arriving at the Holy Capital .

After the decision was made, the Chambord’s Expeditionary Force decided to rest at Blackstone Fortress for a night, and let the poor wounded citizens have a good night of rest . After they recovered their stamina a little bit more, Lampard would guard them back with the previously decided men .

Fei switched back to Druid Mode and summoned four white wolves and three huge-winged Ravens . He scattered them around Blackstone Fortress to guard and patrol the fortress . This allowed his soldiers who fought a hard battle to have a great rest .

“Your majesty, something is attacking your bird!” Drogba suddenly shouted with his loud voice .

Fei didn’t know what to say . Those raven were now called “birds” in Drogba’s mouth .

Fei looked up and saw a white-winged huge eagle that came out of nowhere and was chasing after and attacking the Ravens that he just summoned . This eagle looked very vicious and aggressive .

“Shoot it down for me!”

Fei commanded . His personal bodyguard Fernando-Torres pulled his bow as he positioned a sharp arrow on it . The arrow shot out and accurately pierced the huge eagle’s head . The huge eagle cried as it fell down the sky as it struggled and flattered its wings .

1/3 regular chaps delivered this week! For the chap released on Sunday, sorry Black Bean Sauce messed up, it was suppose to be a bonus chap cuz we already released 3 regular chaps . So ya, thank John the Patron (Tier Megafangirl) for this bonus chap, and the next one, and the next 3 .

This is a guy that gets to play with big toys and get paid for it, cuz he’s an engineer . Holy crap I just realized that the John that sponsored 3 chaps on Paypal is the same john that pledged for 2 bonus chaps on Patreon . Thank you bro for your support!



* * *





Chapter 175




Chapter 175

Chapter 175: Two Tier 7 Equipment (Part one)

“Your Majesty, this is a giant eagle that’s used to scout and for long distance communication, called the Wind Speaker Eagle. It’s very clever, and many of the subsidiary kingdoms of the Empire breed them in their military. However, this beast has a less-than-good nature, that is, aggressive and brutal. So, that’s why it attacked Your Majesty’s giant bird…” After seeing the white-winged giant eagle’s dead body, old Zolasc quickly came to a conclusion.

Your Majesty’s giant bird…

Fei once again started sweating by the words “giant bird”. It was very easy for people to think of an inappropriate body part after hearing those two words. (TL: giant bird can refer to giant d*ck in China)

But then again, Zolasc was captured at a young age and brought to the Blackstone Kingdom to be a miner, and he endured dozen years of hellish mining slave life to survive until today. That was completely a miracle, but it was also this experience that gave him the knowledge and strong will that normal people didn’t have. He was just like a walking encyclopedia that was covered in blade marks and soaked with blood in the scorching mountains, so his words were very credible.

“A giant bird used for communication?” Fei scratched his chin, and he soon found a very good reason, “This bastard’s probably trained by the Blackstone King, otherwise why would it be this aggressive? Haha, oh well, it looks quite tasty, let’s roast it first.”

Very soon, this fierce Wind Speaker Eagle had its feathers mercilessly pulled off and placed on a rack. It was roasted into a golden yellow color, and the tempting smell floated permeated the air. The Saint Seiya, Oleg, and others all began drooling, approaching the rack with big watery eyes…

In less than 10 minutes, there was a fine pile of bones left on the ground.

Soon, the dark night finally enveloped the post-battle Blackstone Fortress.

Maybe it was because of the bloodbath that had just occurred during the day, the moonlight seemed to carry a little faint redness.

On the stone pillar field was erected many large and small tents. Some even cleaned up the damaged little fortresses and lit up a warm bonfire. On top of paved hay, the Chambord miners went into a sweet dream with a sweet smile for the very first time, everyone had an incredibly good sleep.

Fei set an example. He gave the King’s tent to some of the heavily-injured miners and placed them under heavy care. This was naturally a means of gathering hearts, and at this moment it played a vital role and once again won the gratitude and respect of his citizens.

In the night, Fei sat cross-legged at the top of the tallest tower of the Blackstone Fortress, overlooking four sides.

The cold moon light sprinkled over his body as if turning him into a silver-plated god.

After observing all surroundings, Fei sat there quietly for awhile, recollecting memories of today’s battle. Then, he changed to [Assassin mode] and set up a few magic traps around their encampment. He used the Assassin’s zen power to begin pioneering a few more energy connection channels and modified the energy scrolls.

Up until now, besides the Thunder Lightning Fist, Corpse-Piling Shock Wave and other ultimate skill scrolls that were copied from the Saint Seiya Anime, Fei was also pioneering a few new energy connection channels that held a different power. Now, he was just training these skills himself to make some tiny tweaks.

Time passed quickly, and sounds of magic beast roars were constantly heard from the surrounding mountains.

Into the midnight, Fei opened his eyes.

He finally completed two 3-star level energy scroll’s revision and perfection.

pCalculating the time, he could enter the Diablo world again to kill monsters and level up.

Buzz~

The sky-blue portal appeared on the side, and Fei entered the Diablo world.

This time, he chose [Barbarian mode]. The Barbarian character was Fei’s main account, and it had always been the character with the highest level. At the moment, the Barbarian character had reached level 36, and after these days of hardcore grinding, there were only one of the six missions left in the second map, [Lut Gholein], and that is to go to the last correct Tal Rasha’s Tomb and kill the [Lord of Pain, Duriel].

In the [Rogue Encampment], Fei first found Aunt Akara who had just returned from the real world to the Diablo world, and he continued on learning some scroll-making and medicine-making techniques. Then, he reverse-summoned the beauty mercenary Elena who was just at Chambord city and asked about the city. Hearing that everything was running smoothly under the command of minister Bast and military official Brook, Fei was assured. The two of them then came to the Desert Pearl [Lut Gholein], and passed through the teleportation array and entered the last Tal Rasha’s Tomb that was still unexplored. After killing countless demons and monsters, they finally came to a giant round altar.

The altar was completely carved with mysterious and mystical inscriptions of runes. These runes were ancient and vicissitudes, with the breadth of antiquity. All the inscriptions gleamed with a crimson glow, and came and went, there were roars and whistling of devils coming out from the depth of the altar from time to time, as if it was tying down some kind of terrifying power. The terrifying energy surges like raging ocean, stuffing the entire tomb hall.

Fei gently walked onto the altar, and on the sky blue stone at the top of this 20-something meters tall altar, there was a wrist-sized hole. Fei took out the Hodraic’s Staff which he finally forged after completing the previous 5 missions and placed it inside the hole.

Rumble~

The entire tomb began to shake violently, with the huge stones shaking above, dirt and little rocks began falling down as if the whole cave was about to collapse. Loud banging sounds came from the ancient stone wall in front of the altar, as if some terrifying monster was slamming the wall. Very soon, the stone wall cracked, and a two meters deep hole appeared.

Fei had seen the entire process in his previous life many times, so he couldn’t be more familiar with it, and he even gave a smile to the beautiful mercenary who appeared a little nervous.



Chapter 175: Two Tier 7 Equipment (Part Two)

Now, what he was going to do was enter the dimension behind this black hole, and kill the last BOSS in there – a giant-bug-looking boss named [Lord of Pain, Duriel]. After completing the final mission in [Lut Golein], he will be able to move into the tier-3 difficulty map [Kurast Dock].

Based on Fei’s memory from his previous life, Duriel was very difficult to deal with, and he was nicknamed the Noob killer. His physical attacks were very strong, and he also had ice/freezing type skills. If a player was not carefully and got frozen or stunned, he or she would have no choice but just watch the fat giant bug stab you to death with its sharp limbs. They wouldn’t even have the chance to fight back and then they would have to wait to be respawned.

But Fei was already well-prepared. Before coming, he already prepared a plate armor that was high in physical defense, and also many magic equipments that reduced crowd control effects and increased dexterity for him and Elena. Fei closed his eyes and reminded himself of everything he had to watch out for, then he nodded towards Elena, said “be careful”, and then stepped into the pitch black hole.

The scenery in front of his eyes changed.

Darkness and angry roars came directly towards Fei.

The first thing Fei did after entering this dimension was not to find the [Lord of Pain] and start attacking, but to consume a town-teleportation scroll and open up a portal that went to [Lut Golein]. Although he doesn’t know if he could be revived if he died, but that at least leaves an opportunity for Elena to run.

A figure flashed beside Fei, Elena also entered this dimension.

“Roar! Ridiculous stupid humans, are you looking for Baal?”

With a smelly wave of odor rolling over towards Fei, a loud voice sounded.

Turning around, Fei saw a giant bug-like monster that was over 20 meters tall appearing in his sight. Its front limbs could even match Fei’s height. This thing was entirely brown red, covered with sticky stench disgusting juice. There were four snow-white spurs on top of its head, and the fat and chubby appearance reminded Fei of the giant queen bugs from the movie “Starship Troopers”. Although gigantic, it did look a little funny.

Don’t know why, at that moment, the slight nervous feeling from before immediately disappeared without a trace.

He whistled, smiled and replied, “No, I’m looking for you, you moron!”

Instantly, the [Lord of Pain], who felt that he was insulted, began roaring and attacking. However, today it didn’t seem to be very lucky because, under merely ten minutes, this little-mountain-like fat bug was howling painfully with sticky stench body fluids shooting out as it fell to the ground. Then, with a series of light sounds, a lot of equipment appeared on the ground.

“Uhh… dead so soon?” Duriel’s easy defeat was a little unbelievable to Fei. That performance shouldn’t belong to the last boss of a map… It hasn’t even been one round and it already collapsed? How could it be this fragile?

“Could it be because of this sword?”

Fei looked at the giant black sword, and there seemed to be a little enlightenment in mind.

Because of his video-game memory from his past life, Fei already knew that the [Lord of Pain] had strong resistance towards thunder, fire, ice, and poison the four elemental magics. If one wanted to defeat it, he must take the physical approach. So, when picking a weapon, Fei took a black 2-meter tall giant sword that the blacksmith Chasi had crafted with the “Demon’s Remains”. However, once this sword was brought into the Diablo world, it lost all its magic properties. To be precise, this equipment could only be grouped into the tier 3 category of weapons – [Superior Items], but if just evaluating the physical damage and sharpness properties, it was even better than tier 4 category [Magic Items]. Considering Duriel’s strong resistance to magic, Fei decided to take this “Demon’s Remain” sword for the battle, and the effect was surprisingly good.

Although when dealing with normal little monsters and demons, “Demon’s Remain” weapons weren’t very exceptionally effective other than for how sharp they were, it seemed like it was shockingly effective towards bosses. Does it mean, when faced with these types of bosses, later on, all weapons made with this kind of material will be able to kill them like slicing vegetables?

Fei fantasized for awhile, and then he began to collect the equipment that fell onto the ground.

Soon, he was stunned.

Due to the surprise.

“Am I hallucinating? There’s… there’s actually two tier 7 [Set Items]?” Fei almost couldn’t believe what he was seeing. Two green flashing sword-shaped equipment were lying there beside Duriel’s body, exuding endless temptation.

Although the game knowledge from Fei’s past life mercilessly reminded Fei again and again that it was possible to get items of this tier in [Lut Gholein] on “normal difficulty”, but he got two! After a slight hesitation, Fei finally believed his eyes, and then like a mad dog jumping towards its food. He embraced the two green swords, and began to carefully and greedily observe them both.



* * *





Chapter 176




Chapter 176

Chapter 176: [Bul-Kathos’ Children] Item Set

The two swords were still both unidentified, so they both flashed a dark green light.

In terms of appearance, the two swords were one long and one short, having different shapes.

The long one was clearly a two-handed sword, but it could also be used one-handedly. Its overall length was about 1.6 meters, 5 fingers wide, long and heavy, with delicate design. The 20 cm long sword handle was tightly wrapped with bright-red beast skin. What’s amazing is that there were sharp sawtooth grooves on both sides of the blade, like the ferocious fangs of a beast. After extending for about 2/3 of the sword length, two grim barbs curved towards the sword handle, and after those 2 barbs, there were no more saw teeth on the blade, and it became sharp and smooth. On top of the blade’s body was carved 9 mysterious dark black tadpole-shaped texts. Fei didn’t understand its meaning, but it seems to contain a mystical ancient power, each text flashing with blood-red light.

The short one was a single-handed sword, and its shape was relatively simple. The outside looked more like a podao than a sword, but both sides had an edge like a sword. It was approximately 1.2 meters long, 6 finger-width, and the blade of the body was covered in countless strange dark green runes. With the glowing light, it gave the feeling that it was god’s work. The blade’s body was heavy and wide, and it was more suitable for hacking.

There was no need to identify them. The first look of these two weapons already triggered familiar yet distant memories of Fei’s past life, and it had already helped him determine the identity of these two swords – The tier 7 Set Equipment, [Bul-Kathos’ Children].

These two swords that were named after people had a very glorious past.

According to the legend, in the world history of Diablo, the Barbarian race once gave birth to a great and unrivaled leader, whose name was Bul-Kathos. The legend said that this Barbarian leader had a terrifyingly strong strength that even the gods and demons feared him. He once led the powerful barbarian soldiers to achieve national freedom. In order to defend his homeland Mountain Arreat, they defeated the devil army led by the Evil Lord Baal. Then, his fame was recognized in all three realms, even the gods and devils would take a few steps back when they see him.

The entire Diablo world gave this most accomplished leader in the entire history of Barbarians a legendary title – [Immortal King], and the magic weapons and armors that he once used that had incredible power were also passed down, known as the [Immortal King’s Set], which was recognized to be a top tier [Set Items].

Besides the [Immortal King] set, this Barbarian leader also left behind two swords, and these two swords both carried incredible power. They formed another set together and was known as [Bul-Kathos’ Children]. (TL: I wonder how his real children felt)

And these were the two swords in Fei’s hands right now.

Although the [Bul-Kaths’ Children] were a few degrees weaker than the [Immortal King] top tier Barbarian set in both strength and magical effects, and they were just two swords without any armor, but to Fei’s current level 36 Barbarian character, this was already god-like equipment. According to Fei’s past life video-game memory, killing the second map’s boss Duriel wouldn’t give this kind of equipment. Not knowing why, these two swords appeared in Fei’s hand.

After consuming two [Scrolls of Identify] and a golden light flashing past, both swords’ complete stats and name appeared in Fei’s vision.

The name of the delicate two-handed long sword was called [Bul-Kathos’ Sacred Charge – Colossus Blade].

One-handed damage was 70-195 a

nd two-handed damage was 174-345. It had an extremely fast attack speed, 44/44 durability, 20% increased attack speed, 200% enhanced damage, +35% crushing blow, and all resistances were +20.

The relatively shorter and simple one-handed sword was [Bul-Kathos’ Tribal Guardian – Mythical Sword].

Melee damage was 120-150, had an extremely fast attack speed type sword, +200% enhanced damage, +50 poison damage, 2 seconds duration, +20 Strength and +50% fire resistance.

And when these two swords were used together, it could be called [Bul-Kathos’ Children] and give a full set bonus: +2 to all Barbarian Skills, +200% enhanced damage, +200% damage to Demons and Undead, +20 fire damage and +25 defense.

After being identified, the green light flashing on the two swords’ body gradually disappeared and returned to the original color. Although they had different shapes, both swords looked green from afar, with the green being a darker shade on the shorter sword. Both swords were shrouded by a glimmer of silky looming green light, exuding a domineering chill, and giving off an incredibly mighty feeling.

Fei lightly stroked the sword handles. A chilly sensation came and it felt great, just like touching the skin of a lover.

This was really strange.



Chapter 176: [Bul-Kathos’ Children] Item Set (Part two)

The Diablo World’s difficulty was divided into the [Normal], [Nightmare], and [Hell] three levels. Usually, a player would at first enter the [Normal] difficulty, and then after going past all the maps and completing all the missions, he or she would be able to enter the next level. According to Fei’s past life’s video game memory, the [Normal] difficulty level which he was at right now shouldn’t drop high level set tier equipment like [Bul-Kathos’ Children], and there was only one reason, which was quite simple – only level 50+ characters had enough Strength to pick up these two swords. As weapons that were once used by the Immortal King, they not only had a strict requirement for the wielder’s level, there was also a strict requirement on the stats such as [Strength] and [Dexterity]. So, characters that were still in the low-level stages wouldn’t be able to use these pieces of equipment at all.

Thinking about this, Fei was suddenly shocked. Doesn’t that mean…

It means that his current level 38 Barbarian (leveled up twice after killing Duriel) temporarily wouldn’t be able to use this [Set Item] tier swords.

But then, he quickly realized a strange phenomenon.

At this moment, isn’t he firmly holding onto these two swords? It seemed like there was no such harsh limit like he remembered. Fei then carefully observed, and very soon found the reason – sealed Bul-Kathos’ Children].

It’s actually a sealed set.

“…Tier 7 weapons under the sealed status have 50% of the power as the unsealed version, but it also lowers the requirement for level and stats. As the user’s level progresses, the item would be slowly unsealed, until level 60 where it gets fully unsealed, reaching the full potential of this set!”

So that’s what’s happening.

Fei’s heart was jumping like a rabbit.

Very clearly, reality was again different from his memory of the Diablo video game. Things like sealed weapons never appeared before in the video game, but in this more realistic and lively Diablo World, it actually occurred.

And it seemed like this special “Sealed” effect was more designed for Fei’s current level. Now, he could use this tier-7 Set equipment right away. Although 50% of the weapon’s power was sealed away, under this status, both the [Colossus Blade] and [Mythical Sword]’s single-hand wielding damage still reached a shocking 70. Such damage already far exceeded the purple and green sword that Fei currently used.

Also, with Fei’s increase in level, later on, these two swords’ power will also increase correspondingly.

At this moment, there wasn’t the slightest hesitation for Fei to equip these two swords onto him. Holding the two swords, an unprecedented feeling of strength surged through Fei’s entire body. Gently waving the swords, a chilly wave of green wind shot out, capable of tearing everything in its path… This was indeed a weapon set once used by the Immortal King, too powerful.

After fondling it with love for awhile, Fei then went to pick up other loots dropped by Duriel. All kinds of magical weapons flashed with tempting light, and amongst them, there were actually three gold-light-flashing tier 6 [Rare Items].

“Holy f*ck today’s really my lucky day, didn’t expect so many good things to come out from this fat retarded bug…” Fei was so happy that he was gritting his teeth to the point where they were almost breaking, “YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEET! Would be nice if I can kill it several times!”

The three [Rare Items] were a bow, a light armor, and a pair of chained boots.

After identification, the bow’s name was called the [Wild Rose Deadly Battle Bow]. It had a delicate design, and it was a mysterious wooden long bow that had a rose carved on both ends and vines spreading across the body. The bowstring was a sky blue string of light, and its two-handed damage was 45-60, plus an ice effect. The light plate was called [Titan’s Battle Honor Armor], 95 defense, plus all types of magic effects. The chain boots were called [Amber’s Swift Battle Boots], and it had a +30 movement speed special effect.

Fei thought for a second. These pieces of equipment were all pretty good, so he just gave them all to Elena. The bow was her only weapon, so the armor could provide defense for her relatively weaker body, and the battle boots could increase her speed to pull the distance between her and her enemy. These all seemed to be designed for Elena.

And there were also a few more pieces of equipment, but they were all tier 4 [Magic Items]. It would be nice to just bring them back to the NPC at [Lut Gholein] in exchange for a few gold coins, so Fei took them all back to the inventory space.



* * *





Chapter 177




Chapter 177

Chapter 177: [Bul-Kathos’ Children] Item Set (Part One)

After packing up these great trophies and rewards, Fei equipped the new items and became much more powerful. With Elena’s small hand in his, he searched for a bit more. After making sure that nothing was left, they found a hidden black entrance within the mysterious space that Duriel was originally. After going through this entrance, the environment also changed. As if they walked into a teleport portal, they came to another huge space similar to an underground tomb.

In this space, a small mountain was floating mid-air. Iron chains that were locked onto the sides of this underground space were attached to this floating mountain. On this floating mountain covered in a ton of magic symbols and engravings, Fei and Elena saw Archangel Tyrael who was imprisoned and tortured till the verge of death. As Fei expected, this Archangel who was in a fancy angel battle armor and had white tentacle like light coming off his back, also didn’t have any intelligence. What he said to Fei was no different to what he would say in the game. What he said could be summarized into this: Diablo and his buddy Baal had gone to the east, and he wanted to Fei who was acting as the hero to eliminate these two demons. What he said wasn’t useful at all! Fei was hoping this Archangel could give him some rewards. However, this Archangel was very cheap; he only gave Fei the quest but no actual reward. Fei was so pissed that he dragged Elena and got out of there……

They got back to 【Lut Gholein】using the town teleport scroll. Fei found an NPC merchant and sold the magic items that he had no use for and was paid 30,000 gold coins. He started to hum a little song as he organized his little personal storage space. Although he had completed all the quests in Act II and was able to get to the third map in Diablo World – 【Kurast Docks】through boatman Meshif and continue his journey, after some thinking, Fei temporarily stranded that plan. He was better off to complete all quests in Act II with all of his characters before heading to Act III.

After spending some time with Elena alone, the Diablo World that was filled with demons and monsters become romantic as well.

After Fei carefully told Elena about the future constructions plans and told her to tell Bast, they walked through the mountains with their hands together as the red moon in the Diablo World was at the highest point in the sky. Walking with a beauty shoulder by shoulder and watching the moon, it was something that Fei fantasized about many times in his previous life. He didn’t expect to realize it here at this very moment.

After another half hour, Fei exited Barbarian Mode and chose Sorceress Mode. He entered 【Lut Gholein】and started to kill monsters and level up. His sorceress character was level 33 now; with the help from the green set item 【Arcanna’s Tricks】, his sorceress character was very powerful and was able to level up fast.

……

……

Burning Sun Mountain, Blackstone Fortress.

The moments before the dawn was the darkest.

When Fei exited Diablo World, the teleport portal was still in the highest tower at Blackstone Fortress. After the bloody battle in the day, Blackstone Fortress was very quiet and peaceful. No enemy really attacked them. From the look of it, it seemed like Blackstone King knew that his troops were no match to Fei’s and didn’t plan any major military activity around getting back his lost fortress.

Of course, there were some other reasons. From what the Blackstone King said, Fei had already sensed something. However, Fei wasn’t too worried. All of his planning was useless in front of absolute power. Although Chambord wasn’t strong enough to fight an empire, Fei was confident in Chambord’s ability to take on the affiliated ki

ngdoms.

“Whoever dares show me the teeth, I will make him cry and regret.”

Lying on the roof of the watchtower and looking all the stars in the sky, all of Fei’s thoughts scattered, and he went into a peaceful state. He enjoyed this rare moment of calmness as he stared at the beautiful night sky. When the sky was the darkest, the stars were the brightest. Like diamonds, they decorated the sky into a painting.

Fei soon fell for it.

Subconsciously, he started to look at the constellations in the sky just like what he would do in his previous life. As a fan of the Saint Seiya, Fei was heavily invested into the study of constellations. He was very familiar with the locations of the eighty-eight constellations, and formations of them, and the arrangements. Although the stars that he was seeing weren’t the ones from his previous life, he did draw out the constellations when he paid close attention.

Chapter 176: [Bul-Kathos’ Children] Item Set (Part Two)

“Pegasus…..Draco……Haha, I can actually find them. This is impressive!” Fei rubbed his chin and came up with a great idea.

Soon –

“Come to the highest watch tower and find me.”

Fei’s voice sounded in people including Lampard, Oleg, Torres, Pierce, and Drogba’s ears. These people didn’t sleep all night. Except walking around in the fortress to patrol everything, they tried their best to train and improve their strength. They all wanted Chambord to get a good score in the upcoming Military Exercise. In order to take some stress off of Fei’s shoulders, they were very strict on themselves and worked very hard.

After hearing Fei’s voice, they dashed through the air and came to the watch tower quietly.

“Your majesty!” The six of them kneeled on the ground with one knee and saluted.

“Up.” Fei stood on the verge of the watch tower and said. The nightly breeze made his long black hair and clothes fluttered in the air. Fei pointed at the sky and said with a smile on his face: “To you guys, the stars in the sky are pretty, shiny, and innumerable. But do you guys know that in legends, the stars in the sky were not scattered around randomly? They occupied different areas in the sky and formed a number of vivid pictures. These pictures are called constellations. All the stars in the sky could be categorized into eighty-eight constellations……”

“Constellations?”

Although people on the Azeroth continent did study the stars in the sky and had different theories, there were legends and stories about the stars. The talk of constellations was a first time for these warriors. They didn’t know why the king was telling them this, but they listened quietly and patiently.

“In the legends, the eighty-eight constellations in the sky represented the eighty-eight most powerful warriors on the earth. These warriors existed for the purpose of protecting love and justice. Their fists could tear space and their legs could break the land. They had invincible power, and you are all familiar with their name – they were called the Saint Seiya!! That’s why I named King’s Guard the Saint Seiya…… Look closely, the constellation made up of the ninety-six stars at the north looks like a roaring lion, right?”

The six of them looked at the direction Fei pointed at and saw a lot of stars. Using their imaginations and drawing lines to connect these stars, it did indeed look like a roaring golden lion like what the king said.

“This constellation is so-called Leo.”

Fei said as he turned around and looked at them. His eyes landed on Lampard and said: “Golden Leo is corresponding with the Leo Saint Seiya. In legends, golden Leo could tear its enemies into pieces using its teeth, and the Leo Saint Seiya’s fist was filled with the power of lightning!”

As Fei said that, he reached out and an iron chest with a lion symbol on it appeared out of nowhere. With everyone staring at the chest in surprise, Fei opened the chest. An iron lion that looked like it was about to jump out like a real one despite that it wasn’t real.

“Leo Saint Cloth, Frank-Lampard. This Saint Cloth is specifically made for you. When you wear it, you will be able to feel the power of Leo!”

Fei wasn’t even finished talking and a mystical event occurred –

The Leo Saint Cloth actually came to life! It emitted a strange power as it floated in the air. At the same time, as if he was pulled by this power, Lampard floated into the air as well without using his warrior energy. Although he was already floating in the air, the black Saint Cloth suddenly shone a bright light and disassembled itself into ninety-six parts. These part flew towards Lampard and put themselves onto Lampard’s body.

Boom!

When he landed back onto the ground, the whole watch tower shook.

Oleg, Drogba, and Pierce opened their eyes big as they were shocked.

In front of them, Lampard was completely covered by a strangely shaped armor. Fingers, palms, wrist, arms, shoulders, head, back, waist, chest, abdomen, privates, thighs, knees, shanks, ankles, feet…… almost every part of the body was covered by the ninety-six pieces of armor perfectly. Every single part of the armor was perfect! They protected the body parts and didn’t affect Lampard’s movements. None of them had ever thought that there would be such a perfect armor in this world.

Lampard himself was stunned as well.

He felt an unprecedented comfort and power. He felt like this armor was connected with his body by blood. When he wore the armor, he felt like it became a part of his body. He didn’t feel the heaviness and choppiness of regular armor; instead, it was very flexible and agile.

Power!

It was the only thing that this Saint Cloth made Lampard feel.

The director of this show – Fei – was shocked as well. He was just listening to the cold and mysterious voice that he didn’t hear for a long time to explain this mystic scene to him.



* * *





Chapter 178




Chapter 178

Chapter 178: The power of the three miraculous skill (Part one)

“【Give】has been initiated, do you want to activate Frank-Lampard’s Leo Constellation star status and give him his Leo Saint Cloth?”

After three seconds, the cold and mysterious voice appeared in Fei’s head. Fei hadn’t heard the voice for a while and was stunned by the voice and the message it was giving him.

Fei had estimated that this cold and mysterious voice was associated with the Diablo World, and it was probably the voice of the “Gaming system”, but now it suddenly appeared and was telling Fei about “Star status” and “Leo Saint Cloth.” That instantly flipped Fei’s previous hypotheses. Maybe this voice was associated with the Diablo World, but it didn’t belong to it. A better way to describe the relationship between the two was control – this cold and mysterious voice ruled above of the Diablo world.

But now, Fei didn’t have much time to think. He gave out the answer sub-consciously –“Yes!”

Then, what was described happened –

This black Leo Armor that Fei designed and that Charsi forged using the Remains of the Demons and covered using the [Black Iron Essence] shone an eye-piercing light. The ninety-six components floated in the air and automatically flew onto Lampard’s body.

Miraculous skill – 【Give】 It was one of the three miraculous skill that Fei got when he became the Supreme Leader of the【Rogue Encampment】

Fei instantly came up with a possibility. After he completed all quests in the【Rogue Encampment】using all seven of his characters, his rewards included the three miraculous skills – 【Learn】,【Give】, and【Summon】that could be leveled up. Now it seemed like the leveling up ability of these skills were beyond Fei’s expectation. Before the level up, Fei was able to use 【Give】and gifted Drogba the Taurus Helmet and Pierce the Saint Sword Excalibur. After the level up, he was able to give Lampard “Star status” and the Leo Saint Cloth.

Boom!

Lampard swung his fist after he felt the power this Saint Cloth brought him. The air moved as if nothing happened.

However, Fei and the other warriors discovered something unbelievable. After Lampard swung his fist, a circular fist-shaped dent that was about a meter in diameter instantly appeared on the black fortress that was about twenty meters away from the watch tower. Although it was a dent, it was quite deep. The edges of the dent were so clean that it seemed like the fist-shaped dent was there from the beginning and not punched out by someone later. There weren’t any cracks or anything.

Then, a deep booming noise sounded as if the air exploded out of high pressure.

Such a fast punch!

“Is this the increase in power that this so-called Leo Saint Cloth brought to Lampard?”

Although Drogba, Pierce, Oleg, and Torres had seen many miraculous events created by Fei, their brains were still blank when they saw this for a moment. They couldn’t believe that Lampard’s strength had increased more than two times! What was more mystical was that a looming and vague energy that wasn’t warrior energy nor magic energy enveloped Lampard. This energy felt ancient, peaceful, unlimited, as if …… as if it was from among the stars. They only felt this way about the numerous stars in the sky. Fei quickly recovered from the shock.

He sensed that the three miraculous skill -【Learn】,【Given】, and【Summon】weren’t that simple. He rubbed his chin and suddenly pulled the long sword from the scabbard that was on Torres’ waist. He shook his hand, and a few strikes flew towards Lampard’s arms, chest, waist, thighs, and knees like lightning. The strikes were so ferocious that people like

Drogba even smelt blood.

However, Lampard just stood there and didn’t move. Even the warriors on the watch tower weren’t surprised. Their expressions didn’t change as they trusted their king 100%.

Tink! Tink! Tink! Tink! In the dark night, the sparks appeared and were very eye-catching.

Crack -!

The sword in Fei’s hand was experiencing a lot of strain and broke into four pieces and fell to the ground.

“I used all of my strength!” Fei said with a smile on his face.

Even though the huge force coming from the strikes pushed Lampard, who was a powerful warrior, back five steps, the strikes didn’t even leave a dent or a mark on the black Leo Saint Cloth. It was indestructible! The Remain of Demons’ toughness didn’t disappoint Fei. Also, it was clear that the armor protected beyond physical damage. Under such aggressive strikes, sixty to seventy percent of the force was canceled out by it. Lampard didn’t feel uncomfortable at all from his expression.

The warriors on the watchtower had lost all thinking capabilities.

Magical Saint Cloth!

Then, what was more magical occurred – As Lampard lightly raised his arms, an image of the head of a roaring and angry lion that was formed by ninety-six stars vaguely appeared behind him. It looked real and fascinating. Then, these ninety-six components that represented the ninety-six stars lit up in a flame and disassembled from Lampard’s body and reformed into the black iron lion form as if it was still in the chest. Then, the black chest that had golden lion symbols engraved all over it and a king holding up a scepter automatically floated into the air and contained the black iron lion into it. Then the chest closed as a black light shone. As the moment that the light shone the brightest, it dashed into Lampard’s body and disappeared.



Chapter 178: The power of the three miraculous skill (Part two)

“This…… this is a warrior weapon? Frank, you advanced to a Moon Rank Warrior?”

As soon as Torres saw this scene, he thought of something and shouted. Everyone else on the watch tower were also shocked.

On Azeroth Continent, star ranked warriors and mages were at the bottom of the pyramid. Only after these warriors advanced to moon rank, they would have actually stepped through the first threshold and can start training for real. The training method for moon ranked warriors were completely different from star ranked warriors. After reaching the peak of a nine star, a human body couldn’t contain more warrior energy or magic energy. It was impossible to store more energy in the body to improve one’s strength. The ancestors came up with many ways of improving strength. The most common choice for a warrior was to find a high-quality weapon that had a similar enough spirit in it and make it his or her Natal Warrior Weapon. Moon ranked warriors were able to keep their Warrior Weapon inside their body, just like how Lampard kept the Leo Saint Cloth into his body. That was why Torres thought the Saint Cloth was a Warrior Weapon and thought Lampard had instantly advanced to a moon ranked warrior.

“No, it’s……” Lampard said as he shook his head: “It’s a really strange state. I can’t really explain it.”

Fei smiled as he moved onto another topic: “Every Saint Cloth corresponds with one constellation, so they are unique. They are made out of precious material, so only heroes who great contribution to the Chambord Kingdom will get their own Saint Cloth. Lampard has been protecting the royal family for the last four years earnestly and prevented the conspirator Bazzer from getting into power. He had also assisted me the king to defeat the black armored enemies and the nine kingdom coalition. He had accumulated a lot of merits, and that’s why I have awarded him with Leo Saint Cloth. Do you guys have any objections?”

“Not at all, your majesty!” The envy on Torres’s, the blonde young man’s, face couldn’t he hidden. It was very different than jealousy. Motivation shone in his eyes, “I will contribute to Chambord one day and get my own Saint Cloth!”

“I would agree with your decision 100%, Your majesty! Mr. Lampard deserves it.” Drogba scratched his head and giggled.

Pierce and Oleg didn’t have any objects as well. Pierce got his life back because of Fei, and Oleg had his current status because Fei protected him using his personal prestige and credits. He had seemed to be a member of Bazzer’s henchmen and his ending wouldn’t be any better than the military judge Conca otherwise.

On top of their own loyalty, the effect of the【Hulk Potion】make them even more loyal. If someone captured Fei and asked them to kill themselves, they would do it without hesitation.

“However, you guys have merits as well. Pierce, to protect Chambord, you used your own body to block the enemies’ swords and knocked away a siege ladder; you almost died from it. Drogba, when faced with thousands of elite black armored enemies, you dared follow me, the king, and charge into them to go one against hundreds. You killed more than a hundred enemies and were injured severely. You guys also have earned merits from the battle with the nine kingdoms and today. You two also deserve Saint Cloths!”

As Fei said that, he flipped his palm and took out two iron chests from his storage space.

When the two chests opened, a magnificent and dominating black metal bull and a black metal goat with two horns pointing up the sky appeared. Similar to Lampard’s Saint Cloth, The Taurus constellation contained a hundred twenty-0five stars, so the Taurus Saint Cloth contained a hundred twenty-five components. The Capricorn constellation contained fifty stars, so the Capricorn Saint Cloth Contained fifty components. Every component represented a star in the sky and had a different star power. As Fei answered that cold and mysterious voice in his head and initiated 【Give】. Both Drogba and Pierce had their star status opened. The Taurus Saint Cloth and Capricorn Saint Cloth found their owners and flew to them. Under the stars, they attached themselves to the two people with an energy flame.

Instantly, both people felt the power and connectedness that Lampard was feeling a moment ago. At the same time, the ancient, peaceful, unlimited star energy also appeared on their bodies. Although it was vague, it was there.

“In terms of you two, you have established merits and should get the rewards as well. They won’t be complete, just a heads up.” Fei looked at Oleg and Torres and gave them the appropriate rewards. Torres obtained the Bow of God which was a component of the Sagittarius Saint Cloth, and Oleg got the chest armor and the fist weapon of the Cancer constellation.

……

……

The second day.

After the expeditionary force cooked and had breakfast, they started to move under the smoke from the bonfires. The mine slaves were heading back to Chambord with Lampard, Pierce, and Drogba. After getting the items of the three constellations, their strength had increased dramatically, and they would have no issue in terms of guarding the former mine slaves back to Chambord. Fei, on the other hand, led the force and continued marching towards the Capital of the Empire with the Elder Princess. The two groups made a promise that they would meet on the plain outside of the Capital City in six days, before sunset.



* * *





Chapter 179




Chapter 179

Chapter 179: The View of Mountains and Lakes (Part one)

The morning breeze was a little cold, and the morning glow was red as blood.

Blackstone Fortress was busy again.

After the battle yesterday, nearly four thousand elite soldiers of Blackstone were killed here. Except for the blood and corpses on the ground, there were also a lot of abandoned armor and weapons. Former mine slaves who witnessed what happened yesterday didn’t hesitate to pull the armor and weapon off of their enemies’ corpses to equip themselves. Then, they took away everything that was valuable and filled up a dozen horse carriages.

Although most of the freed slaves weren’t in a good condition due to the long-time suffering, their spirits were lifted since the Saint King of Chambord descended from the sky and saved them. With the new hope, they assembled into formations under Lampard’s lead. People on Azeroth Continent valued and emphasized power and strength, so most of the men knew how to ride horses and use weapons. Currently, the men were riding on the war horses stolen from the stables, and the women and kids were riding on the horse carriage for protection purposes. With weapons drawn out and a ton of murderous spirit, this troop looked a little dominating.

The two groups went on separate paths. The three warriors lead by Lampard saluted at Fei then took off.

For a moment, farewells and prayers resonated on the cold square in the fortress during Fall.

At this moment, the thin boy Modric assisted elder Zolasc to walk to Fei.

After saluting to Fei as one of his subjects, the elder single-kneeled down to the ground, “Your majesty, please let me join your expeditionary force. These Burning Sun Mountains is remote, deserted, covered in mist, and dangerous. There are regions of forests and regions of steep mountains. If the expeditionary force doesn’t have a guide, it’s very easy to get lost in there. I’ve been taken here and became a slave when I was twenty-six years old. I have lived here for twenty-one years now, and I know every little path, mine pits, and road and ferocious beasts in these mountains. I promise that with my help, Chambord’s forces can get thought the Burning Sun Mountains within the least amount of time.”

“But your body……” As a high-level idiot when it came to directions, Fei knew the struggle of getting lost. That was why after he heard that his eyes shone. What the old Zolasc said made sense; Fei did need a guide when leading the troop through these mountains that he knew nothing about. But the elder in front of him was still recovering from his injuries and torture. Although the potions from the Diablo World helped him to heal up, his body was still in an exhausted condition. Long-term military traveling would only worsen it.

“Don’t worry about me, your majesty. My old bones are still hard……” This elder was very tough. With his white hair fluttering in the wind, he left Modric’s assistance and lifted a black rock that was about a hundred pounds beside him with his arms. He said with a bragging tone, “Your majesty, look. This old man can still lift huge rocks. Please let this old Zolasc contribute to Chambord’s uprising when I can still walk……” Zolasc got emotional and shouted, “For more than twenty years, I’ve been waiting for this day for too long!”

Fei was touched by the elder’s passion and courage.

“Ok, if this is the case…… Oleg, bring a Roaring Flame Beast here and give it to our experienced guide……”

When he said that, Fei looked at Modric who was looking at him and smiled, “Little guy, come and ride with Uncle Zolasc. You will have to take care of him on the way!”

“

Ah, really? Thank you, your majesty…… Hail your majesty!”

Little Modric almost jumped into the air out of excitement. He wanted to ask the king to let him join the force, but he didn’t expect the king to say it first. The scene of Fei smiling and reaching out to him under the sun that Modric saw when he just woke up from fainting was engraved into this thin blonde boy’s soul. Being able to follow the king around was the best news he heard in a long time.

Warden Oleg quickly came by with a strong Roaring Flame Beast.

After several generations of cultivation, this level 4 Demon Beast had become obedient and tame. However, the calmer nature did cause their power of a level 4 Demon Beasts to go down as well. That was why they were knocked over by the strong men in heavy knight armor. But after getting fed some 【Hulk Potion】that was mixed into their food, they had signs of atavism, just like how the fatty Oleg was showing signs of a second youth. The weight carrying and charging ability of these beasts had increased dramatically, and the light red flame energy surged around their hooves, just like the wild Roaring Flame Beasts. The tusks in their mouth grew out and became sharp, and their wild nature came back. Although they became ferocious and aggressive again, they were obedient to their masters.

Little Modric became excited and ran to the beasts to grab the reins.



Chapter 179: The View of Mountains and Lakes (Part two)

However, this Roaring Flame Beast suddenly got aggressive when it saw a stranger coming close to him. It raised its red front hooves and was about to stomp down forcefully. The big black dog suddenly opened its eyes and barked angrily. A funny scene occurred, as if it was big boss teaching its henchman a lesson, this Roaring Flame Beast took back its hooves embarrassedly. The only thing was that it wouldn’t let Modric and Zolasc get close to it.

Fei felt a little embarrassed as well.

He didn’t expect this beast to not give him any “face”. When he wanted to switch back to Druid Mode and talk to this “little guy”, a beautiful figure walked by. Slim, jade like fingers lightly patted this Roaring Flame Beast’s head and she smiled as signaled towards Modric and old Zolasc. Something shocking happened. The ferocious Roaring Flame Beast walked to the two people and kneeled down obediently.

“Angela, how did you do it?”

As the troop started to move outside of Blackstone Fortress, Fei asked with a smile on his face. He was riding on the back of Blacky with his fiancée in his arms. With the light body fragrance in his nose, the chilly autumn wind didn’t feel that bad anymore.

Although the morning was cold, Angela didn’t want to ride in the caravan. She was wearing a thin white dress. The edge of the dress was fluttering in the wind, and it only covered two-thirds of her thigh. Under the dress, she was wearing tight black jeans. She looked fabulous with the white and black contrast. It was her idea to ask Fei to ride with her on Blacky. The girl didn’t dare show fast she was falling or mind the kind blessings from the people around her. The smile and the looks others gave them made her blush. She only felt the strong arms around her waist and the big and warm shoulders behind her.

“I don’t really know.” Angela frowned as she heard Fei’s question: “I feel like they can understand me; they are kind, cute, just like little babies……”

It was the same answer.

Fei smiled. He hypothesized that Angela had an unknown power that would make all animals feel intimate towards her for some mysterious reason. When the soldiers were trying to train the Roaring Flame Beasts and war horses before, her ability was utilized to a great degree. It didn’t matter how ferocious or aggressive the animal was, it would become calm and cute in front of this girl and her pure smile.

However, it was obvious that Angela herself hadn’t discovered where that ability came from.

As the two of them were talking, the team had already marched out of Blackstone Fortress from the back gate.

“I can’t leave this fortress to the Blackstone Kingdom and its ambitious devil-like king!”

After everyone got out, Fei used his Barbarian strength and caused multiple defensive walls and buildings in the fortress collapse to the ground. This fortress that was carefully built and maintained by several generations of kings turned into a waste land. If the Blackstone Kingdom wanted to restore its former glory, they would need to spend at least three years repairing this fortress.

……

For the next day, the expeditionary force’s march was very smooth.

The deeper the troops went into the Burning Sun Mountains, the more danger there was. Strange terrain and cliffs were everywhere. Hundred-year-old trees blocked the sun, making it hard for the sun to shine on the ground. As noon passed, visibility was already getting dim. When night came, a huge white fog appeared, and the visibility was really bad. Stones and trees were everywhere on the side of the road, and thick layers of leaves and dry moss with a little rotten smell filled the road. Without clear landmarks and reference points, it was really easy to get lost.

At this point, Fei glad that he had Zolasc, the GPS that didn’t need a battery to function.

Like the elder said, he actually knew every road in the mountains by heart. Didn’t matter if it was a clear road or a path that was abandoned for long, he knew where they were. Every time when it seemed like there was nowhere to go, he was able to point out a way and saved the troop a lot of time and trouble.

The troop did come across a few mine pits owned by Blackstone on the way, and Fei would send out the fatty Warden Oleg to destroy the pits, kill the guards, and released the mine slaves.

Since mine slaves from Chambord were gathered together by Blackstone King, Fei didn’t need to send his men to take care of them and guard them back to Chambord. There were quite a few people like old Zolasc who knew the way around the mountain. All the mine slaves couldn’t wait to go home, so they kneeled down to thank Fei and cheered as they disappeared into the fog with peers from the same kingdom.

After three more hours of marching, the Burning Sun Mountains were already so dark that it was hard to travel. Although the sun hadn’t set, the big trees blocked the light.

“Your majesty, I remember there is lake not too far away. There is also a large area covered by small rocks which is good for setting up camp. How about we just rest here for the night?” Old Zolasc rode the Roaring Flame Beast and suggested.

“Ok!” Fei nodded as he looked at Angela who already fell asleep in his arms.

After about half an hour, a clear small lake appeared. There was grass on the ground, but it was yellow and semi-dried, like a beautiful carpet that was laid on the ground. Not too far away, there was a small forest made out of big stones. The terrain wasn’t bad as the stones were flat and dry. It was a great spot to set up the camp.

In the autumn, this view of the mountains and lakes was fascinating.

However, Fei frowned.

There were already fire and lights around the lake, and there was a lot of noise made by humans. There were already people there, and there were a lot of them.



* * *





Chapter 180




Chapter 180

Chapter 180: Fei: “I’m just passing by… Don’t mind me…” (Part one)

“That’s strange, not many people know about this lake, how are there so many people here?” Seeing that most of the area by the lake had already been occupied, old Zolasc was a little dumbfounded. Since the camping ground he recommended to the king was previously occupied, he felt like he didn’t do a good job as a guide.

“No problem, we will go check it out first.” Fei saw the torch light in the distance and smiled, “I see that there are still some places by the lake. Although it might be a bit crowded, it should be enough for us to settle down.”

But, just at this moment-

Swish-!

A white arrow plumed with fresh blood suddenly shot out from the dark distance, and inserted right into the ground before their feet. Half of the arrow was already in the ground, with its shaft was still trembling. The blood beads scattered everywhere, and along with the arrow came an overbearing shout from a tree in the distant, “The Blood-Edge Mercenary Group is settling and taking care of some affairs here. Leave if you don’t want to die!”

The blood-dripping white feather arrow signified that taking one step forward will be met with death.

Such a warning was very popular in the land of Azeroth, and the Chambord Expedition army once used it in the Black Stone Kingdom’s territory. Although the words spoken were a little rude, it was still reasonable. If there is really a mercenary group that was taking care of some private business in the distance, it was indeed reckless and impolite for Fei’s group to just pass through them.

But, after hearing the guy giving his name, Fei’s face immediately changed.

Not just Fei, the old Zolasc and young Modric by Fei’s side also started shaking uncontrollably.

They held their fists tightly, and a fierce flame burned in their eyes.

Blood-Edge Mercenary Group!

It’s actually the Blood-Edge Mercenary Group!

These 4 simple words, to the countless mining slaves from Chambord, actually represented a terrifying nightmare.

Because 80-90% of the Chambord mining slaves were all captured and sold to the scorching mineral mines inside the Black Stone Kingdom by all kinds of methods used by this mercenary group either under broad daylight or in the dark. Blood-Edge was a tier-5 mercenary group, and it was quite reputable in the Zenit Empire. There were quite a few elite fighters in the group, their infamous name was spread very far away, and they would accept any mercenary missions to make money. Capturing slaves was one of the main ways for this mercenary group to gather money, and many tier-5 or 6 subsidiary countries in the empire were often bullied by this group. However, since these experienced rascals in the group acted very sly and cautious, and they had a strict organization and was secretly supported by some imperial aristocracy. They never left behind any survivors or evidence when they executed missions. That’s why even if an issue got to the imperial court, the Imperial Knight’s Palace’s law enforcement team wouldn’t be able to do too much about them.

It was worth mentioning that, in Azeroth, mercenaries are a peculiar force.

They don’t belong to any kingdom, but yet they penetrated every part of the continent, accepting all kinds of commissions from different forces or parties, including joining wars. Their shadows would even appear in some wars between different empires. In terms of strength, some powerful mercenary groups, although not having any set territory or title, still were equipped comparably to empires.

And the Blood-Edge Mercenary group was one of the three top tier mercenary groups within the Zenit Empire.

Fei jumped

down from the big black dog and petted it on the head. This thing understood Fei right away and carried the sleepy Angela to the center of the army. Fei glanced at a hundred-year-old giant tree in the distance. His eyes were like lightning and he instantly saw a cold-looking skinny mercenary with a crossbow standing on the branch. He was dressed in dark black cloth, and there was a blood red machete symbol embroidered on the sleeve and collar of his cloth, and he was grinning and chuckling provocatively towards Fei’s direction.

Fei smiled at him, revealing his white teeth.

Then he raised his arm with the blood-dripping white arrow in his hand and snapped it in half.

This move meant-

Go f*ck yourself. He was seeking revenge, never going to stop until death.

The short skinny mercenary’s face suddenly changed, and he became even more shocked after seeing the big army behind Fei. He reached his hand to his back, pull out a horn-like thing, placed it beside his mouth and was about to sound it to warn his group…

However-

Swish～

A sharp arrow silently pierced the night sky, into the mouth of his that just opened…

Poof-!

The short and skinny mercenary didn’t even get to scream, and he fell off the tree.

Pew Pew Pew Pew!

At the same time, a string of arrows was shot from the young blonde Fernando Torres’s bowstring. The sharp arrows’ speed was incredibly fast, but it didn’t make any shocking sound. Yet, blood began blooming, just like the death god’s cold touch. The arrows easily shot dead the other Blood Edge scouts on several other trees.

One arrow takes one soul, and all the arrows were merciless.

Fei smiled at the blond teen beside him and gave him a look of appreciation. It was indeed a good call to cultivate him towards the Sagittarius Saint Seiya direction. Torres’s talent in archery was indeed rare.

“Flank!”

Fei made a gesture, then Warden Oleg, Torres, Cech all led 10 Saint Seiya and quickly started closing in from three directions. Fei just brought old Zolasc and Modric, and they casually walked towards the distant firelight at ease.

Chapter 180: Fei: “I’m just passing by… Don’t mind me…” (Part Two)

By the lake side, the night gradually deepened.

On the side of the stone forest beside the lake, the torches were burning loudly with bursting sparks, and two groups of people were in a confrontation.

One side seemed to be a caravan group, about 40 people, all in light armor. They were all neatly dressed and were tightly surrounded in the middle. All of them had a nervous expression, and some even began sweating. The leader was an elder with a red nose and was in a black robe, and on his left and right sides stood a swordsman in white and a charming woman in a red skirt. All three of their expressions were uneasy, and they guarded the three carriages behind them.

Surrounded them were over 200 people, all wearing a dark red outfit with the bloody machete symbol embroidered on their cloth. They were not only superior in numbers, their weapons were also of a higher tier, and they also had 10 strong crossbow users aiming at the center. Those cold crossbow arrows could definitely penetrate a heavy-armor knight’s armor, just like the grim reaper of death, freely harvesting life. And standing at the front were four leader-like people in dark red light-armor. There was one giant muscular one-eyed guy wearing a black eye patch, a seemingly humble and nice middle-aged person, a white skinny young man that kept on glancing at the young woman in red on the opposite side, as well as a beautiful girl about 18 years old.

The atmosphere between the two sides was obviously unfriendly.

It’s probably because 20 or so people died already at the scene. Most of them were killed by crossbow, and they clearly belong to the disadvantaged side.

“The Blood-Edge mercenary group?” The Red-nosed black-robed old man holding a magic wand roared in a deep voice, “Is your group crazy? A little tier-5 mercenary group actually dares to lay hands on the Soros Caravan group. You are not afraid that President Soros will unleash his wrath after finding out and level your Blood-Edge group to the ground?”

“Haha, you are indeed right, the Reverend Manager Redknapp. The Soros Group is indeed loaded, and if it was any other time, even 10 Blood-Edge Mercenary Groups wouldn’t dare to f*ck around. However, this time you guys thought you were smart enough to take the short cut through the scorched mountains and was accidentally noticed by my brothers. Haha, isn’t this god’s will? After killing you all, President Soros won’t know a thing about it, and how would he lay his hands on our Blood-Edge mercenary group?”

The One-Eyed muscular leader of this Blood-Edge team smiled and was completely unmoved by Elder Redknapped’s words.

“How did you guys really find out about this?” The elder in black robe held tight to his wand and asked, as he was a little unwilling to accept fate.

“About this matter, you can go ask Death yourself!” The bald muscular guy was afraid of any other accidents, he was unwilling to say more, and was about to command his crossbow archers to shoot. However, his face suddenly changed as if he heard something, and then he immediately turned around to look into the distance.

This move suddenly made everyone a little dumbfounded, and then they followed the bald muscular man’s vision and looked, and they noticed that there was actually a young teen in black light-armor casually strolling down as if he was taking a walk. His expression was extremely relaxed, and behind him followed an elder and a kid. The elder had a head full of white hair, and the kid was skinny like a bamboo stick as if he didn’t get enough nutrition. It was as if both would be blown away if there was some mountain wind.

By the time they got closer, everyone could take a closer look.

The young man in black had waterfall-like black hair, and he was pretty handsome, with a faint smile on his face. His eye kept glancing past the people of the Blood-Edge mercenary group as if looking at a group of pigs waiting to be slaughtered. Behind him, the elder and the kid were a little nervous, but the way the two looked at the people from Blood-Edge were like four sharp knives as if they were anxious to carve the enemies’ heart out.

“Who are you?”

Something was definitely wrong. Unknowingly, those three got into hundred meter range, but the hidden scouts on the periphery areas didn’t give out any warning. Something clearly had happened to them. Thinking about that, the bald muscular man’s pupil slightly shrunk, and he became vigilant.

“Just passing by…”

Fei casually replied.

Then, he almost immediately burst into laughter, just realizing that he might’ve played it too cool, and then he tried for awhile to hold back his laugh, and finally solemnly said, “I suddenly met a few acquaintances, so I decided that it would be convenient to come and collect some debt… Umm, collect some interest first!”

There was not the slightest energy fluctuation on Fei’s body, nor were there any magic elements surging, and he just appeared to be a vulnerable young man without the slightest power to fight back. Behind him, Zolasc and Modric’s footsteps were even more unstable, and one look was enough to tell that they were not pros.

However, it was those three’s appearance of being vulnerable people that made the bald muscular guy a little nervous.

Out of caution, the one-eyed bald-headed giant didn’t immediately react, but he quietly hinted the three assistants around him to command other mercenaries to tightly surround the Soros caravan to prevent anyone from escaping, and then he faintly asked, “Oh? Collecting debt? What kind of debt?”

“Life debt!” Fei stroked his chin and said with a smile.

“To whom?” The bald-headed muscular man’s face changed and a thought already popped into his mind.

“Blood-Edge Mercenary Group! !” Fei said it word by word, and at this time, his face had turned completely cold. His eyes were like blades, landing on the one-eyed bald man’s face. Fei let his energy surge, and that instant surge in energy and change in the atmosphere actually gave this elite of the Blood-Edge mercenaries a subconscious instinct of not daring to stare into the other person’s eye.



* * *





Chapter 181




Chapter 181

Chapter 181: The Slaughter in the Night

Fei’s arrogant attitude angered the perverted young man beside the bald one-eyed muscular man. He finally took his eyes off that charming woman’s graceful body on the Soros caravan side. He checked Fei out from top to bottom, and then a disdainful cold smile appeared on the sides of his mouth.

“You know what I hate the most?” The young man began talking, “Those delicate roses like you that grew up in the greenhouse, but must naively provoke wild weeds that have experienced countless storms… Boy, have you ever seen a dead man? Have you ever killed anyone? Have you ever heard the sound of a man’s head being chopped off? Have you ever smelled warm, crimson blood spilling over your face?” As he continued speaking, his tone became a ferocious roar, and implied a hint of jealousy and anger, “You self-righteous stupid pig noble, put away your dog shit pride on your face when you are in the outside world. Here, you are just a homeless dog waiting to be slaughtered!”

Is this guy retarded?

Fei touched his chin in confusion and thought, I’m just here to kill a few people, why ask stupid philosophical questions? How come when I’m listening to this perverted-looking young retard, I’m reminded of those keyboard warriors on the internet that always find things to be mad about?

“Your Majesty, this guy’s name is David Bently. He’s a middle-level leader at the Blood-Edge Mercenary Group. It was said that he’s a fallen samurai that had his aristocratic identity revoked from him after his family fell. Maybe due to his past, he has a strong hatred towards the general nobility that’s usually incomprehensible to others. He’s an ice-type warrior with a strength between 3-4 stars. The bald one-eyed guy is one of the six main fighters under the Blood-Edge’s command. He has an unknown origin, but his strength is way above Bently. That humble-looking middle-aged mercenary is also a leader, named Cassa-Sana. He has a dead face but the truth is he has a ruthless heart. He’s extremely cunning, and is a killer with a smile. The girl beside him that looks like she’s 18 is actually 30 something years old already, with a half dark elf bloodline. She’s bloodthirsty for kills…”

Looks like the old Zolasc wasn’t just a solar-powered automatic-charging GPS navigator. He’s also the latest version of a revenge compass, being able to quickly and clearly identify all these people.

“Kidnapping and trafficking my Chambord’s people, have these people participated?” Fei asked.

“Every one of them has a share of…” Zolasc didn’t even finish, and the little boy Modric already answered, “Your Majesty, these people are the main leaders of the Northern Trafficking group under the Blood-Edge group. The hands of each every one of them were stained with the Chambord slaves’ blood. During the past 3 years, 4000 slaves were sold to the Black Stone Kingdom and over 60% were kidnapped by them!”

At this moment, the skinny young boy and the white-hair elder’s eyes were filled with hatred and anger.

Fei carefully listened to the end, and he quietly looked at the 200 or so mercenaries at the scene. With a very calm voice he asked, “Hey, now you know what debt I, your King, am here to collect right? Now you don’t have to die as a confused ghost…”

His voice was slow and calm, yet revealed doubtless resolve. He clearly saw all these mercenaries from Blood-Edge as dead people now.

Your King?

Hearing that self-proclaimed name, a light flashed past the bald one-eyed man’s mind, and he suddenly remembered the young king that recently became famous. He was in shock and was just abo

ut to say something, but the pervert David-Bently beside him couldn’t suppress himself anymore and leaped up.

“Naïve stupid pig, go die!” Bently instantly pulled out the long blade on his waist. The energy in his body surged like a tsunami, and he sliced into the air. A 5 to 6 meter long deep blue chilly air blade came out from the physical blade. It roared as it began shooting down towards Fei and the other two!

“Bitter Ice Blade!” Under the light of the deep blue air blade, Bently’s face looked ferocious like a demon.

The 4-Star level weapon spell [Bitter Ice Blade] condensed extremely deadly cold energy that could instantly turn the opponent’s fleshy body into an ice statue. It was an intermediate tier ice-type skill. Fei had once seen a book on this skill from the pile of scrolls inside Evan’s storage ring. Fei happened to be using the assassin mode’s energy channel network to modify this scroll, so he was very familiar with it.

Since he was familiar with it, he could easily deal with it.

Gently gesturing in the air, a dark green blade/sword-like strange weapon appeared out of the blue into Fei’s hand. There was no loud roar like Bently, nor any surge in energy or magic, no fancy special effects. Fei just lightly flicked his wrist like killing a fly.

Comparing the two moves, it seemed like the victor was already determined.

“Be careful…” The young woman in the red coat from the Soros Caravan couldn’t help but shout out to warn Fei.

But…

At the instant, the atmosphere suddenly changed.

In front of the everyone’s stunned expression, that powerful and fancy air blade that was shot out by Bently in anger that was enough to freeze all surrounding giant trees didn’t even get close to Fei’s body, as it suddenly just dissipated into two streams from the middle and scattered towards the two sides. It did freeze countless giant trees and stones on both sides past Fei, but it didn’t pose the slightest threat to Fei and the other two.

And then, something even more unbelievable happened-

Chapter 181: The Slaughter in the Night (Part two)

The precious blade inside Bently’s hand, as well as his young and lively body, suddenly also split into two.

There seemed to have been an invisible person in the air who quietly swung a colorless yet indestructible sword, just like a sharp steak knife cutting open a medium-well steak on a dinner plate. It easily cut the perverted young fighter who claimed to have endured through countless storms, into two parts.

Poof~

The sound of the body and blade landing together echoed, and the entire lakeside fell into dead silence.

The elite Bently that were just pointing at Fei’s nose and swearing instantly turned into a cold dead body just like that, without a chance to fight back or dodge. Those mercenaries with grim smiles that were just waiting for their big boss to take care of these little “mice” that suddenly appeared, had their facial expressions frozen. As they took a deep cold breath, they could already feel the smell of death overwhelming them.

Just one move, and the atmosphere suddenly changed.

Elite!

An unbelievable elite!

Killing the 4-star level ice-type warrior Bently with one strike, as if butchering a chicken, shocked everyone at the scene.

The bald one-eyed giant appeared calm on the surface, but a tsunami was already going off in his heart. His strength was far above Bently, so he was able to have a very clear look at that instant when those two exchanged blows. The black-haired mysterious teen on the opposite side didn’t use any special energy moves, nor channel any magic. That wave of the sword was a pure explosion of brute strength. The strange weapon’s edge was fast to the extreme, capable of compressing air to form a sharp air blade. It easily cut open the 4-star level warrior that was going full out… Such strength, it could be called terrifying, and it far exceeded the intelligence the bald one-eyed man had on the recently rising Chambord city young king. He instantly understood, some sh*t was going to go down today.

And when the Soros Caravan that was surrounded saw this scene, they suddenly felt the ecstasy of escaping death.

Especially the manager Redknapp standing at the very front with his hands tightly holding onto the magic staff. The shock and surprise in his heart was simply difficult to be expressed with language. Three minutes ago, when Fei and two people suddenly appeared, he felt excited, thinking that things could finally turn around. However, after sensing no energy nor magic from Fei’s team, he thought they were just three vulnerable ordinary people, and his heart sunk again. Who knew, god played a big joke with three twists on him, that seemingly-ordinary black-haired handsome young man was actually a super elite that exceeded everybody’s imagination.

“Harry, should we take this chance to break through the siege?” The charming young woman on his side whispered to him.

“No need to rush, let’s wait first and see how things turn out.” Redknapp shook his head. The good sense of an extraordinary caravan manager told him there could be a big opportunity lying in front of him.

On the far side.

After killing David-Bently with one blow, Fei looked at the sword in his hand with satisfaction.

This dark green one-handed sword [Bul-Kathos’ Tribal Guardian – Mythical Sword] from the [Bul-Kathos’ Children] Set didn’t look like a machete nor sword. Its design was strange and heavy, and it was indeed more fit to be used than the purple and green swords. It was worthy of being the weapon once used by the Barbarian leader [Immortal King], even at the 50% sealed state, its strength was incredible!

With a flick of the wrist, the blade ringed in everyone’s heart.

Fei slowly approached the Blood-Edge mercenary group step by step, his stalwart figure was like a towering mountain, giving the enemies a breathless feeling.

“Chambord King Alexander?” The bald one-eye muscular man’s eyes flickered, “Maybe we can sit down and have a good talk…”

“Talk? You can come talk with my dick!”

Fei roared, and before his voice even faded, he instantly turned into a whirlwind towards the Blood-Edge group. There were still an after-image left at his original spot, yet the edge of his weapon had already hacked through many enemies’ neck. Before the bald one-eyed man could even react, four heads already flew into the sky, leaving blood spewing out like a fountain from four headless bodies. This had lifted the curtain for an unstoppable brutal slaughter prologue in the night.

“Damnit! Kill him!”

This scene made the bald man’s face change dramatically. He roared as he pulled out his weapons, which were two gigantic unique axes that flashed a strange cold light. The axes rose into the sky, cutting open the night sky and dropped straight towards Fei and the rest. Before the axe even landed, the faint silver blade energy already swept up the withered leaves on the ground. It was unstoppable and fierce.

“Haha, you dare to show off axe skills in front of a barbarian?”

Fei laughed in disdain and pulled out the [Bul-Kathos’ Sacred Charge – Colossus Blade]. Instantly, the tier 7 Set Item [Bul-Kathos’ Children] equipped. The two blades crossed, issuing a cheerful blade cry. The magical light surged, and wherever the blade travelled past, despite how hard the Blood-Edge mercenaries tried to resist, they still fell like straws under the farmer’s sickles.

Very soon, the duo swords in Fei’s hands met the bald man’s giant axes.

Clang~!

A series of sparks flashed in the night, followed by a deafening metal striking sound.

“Poof*… That’s impossible!”

The bald one-eyed muscular man suddenly spat out blood. The giant axes in his hand were already hacked into pieces, only leaving behind two bare axe hilts. His eyes were filled with shock. He kept taking steps back until finally landing on the ground, and he kept crawling backward, with blood spewing out of his mouth like a bloody fountain.



* * *





Chapter 182




Chapter 182



Chapter 182: Three Shocking Arrows (Part One)

The impact force coming from the collision passed though the axe and surged straight at the bald big guy like the waves in the ocean. The guy’s hand was torn, and blood spurted out of the wounds. The armors on his arm exploded, and the veins bulged. His arms shook as the axe handles fell to the ground.

Such a devastating force.

The bald dude was terrified as he sweated buckets.

He thought his 5-star metal energy that dealt a ton of damage plus his huge strength and the pair of dark steel axes could pass on more than ten thousand pounds of force. For a long time, he used his warrior energy and his strength and killed many powerful warriors. That was how he got the position of one of the six Top Fighters in the Blood-Edge Mercenary Group. His nickname, [Singled-eyed Mad Dragon], was very famous among all mercenaries in the Capital City…… However, he was knocked away easily by the king of Chambord using two strange looking swords like a fly. This shattered his pride.

The anger and the fear were burning inside of him at the same time.

However, this tough looking [Singled-eyed Mad Dragon] was very smart. He didn’t charge at Fei who was literally murdering the Blood-Edge Mercenary Group using his swords as if he was a tiger in a bunch of sheep. Maliciousness appeared in his eyes as he backed off and hid back into the crowd, retreating to the distance.

Fei clearly captured this scene.

However, he didn’t chase. Instead, he continued killing the mercenaries of the Blood-Edge Mercenary Group. Every single one of them had their hands stained by the blood of Chambord’s people already. They were all enemies of Chambord.

The Tier 7 item set 【Bul-Kathos’ Children】were used smoothly in Fei’s hands, and Fei was invincible. No one was able to slow Fei down, not even a second. With his swords, he struck at these mercenaries who lived for money, and the mercenaries of the Blood-Edge Mercenary Group all whined and screamed as they fell to the ground with their hands on their wounds. They couldn’t get in a two-meter radius of Fei.

“Tonight is going to a bloody night! To hold a memorial ceremony for the warriors of Chambord who died in the mine pits of Burning Sun Mountains, none of the members of the Blood-Edge Mercenary Group can get out of here alive!” As Fei shouted, more than forty mercenaries had turned to ghosts under his blade.

Suddenly –

Ding, ding, ding, ding, ding – !

Fei swung his sword, and more than a dozen sparks appeared in front of him. They were very eye-piercing in the dark night.

What happened was that more than a dozen black arrows dashed towards Fei under the cover of the dark night. They got within a two-meter radius of Fei like phantoms. This level of assassination was soundless, lightless, colorless, and senseless. It was like the tentacle of the Grim Reaper, making the target defenseless. However, Fei who had the danger awareness of a Barbarian, sensed the arrows and struck out more a dozen times effortlessly and knocked away all these arrows.

The flashy sparks were caused by the collision of the arrows and the edge of the sword.

“Hehehehe…… King of Chambord, you do fit your big name. But how many of my arrows can you dodge under this chaos and darkness?” A voice of a girl giggling and teasing sounded out. It was crisp like an aeolian bell. It was sometimes coming from the right, and sometimes from the left, front, back, up and down. Her voice was evenly distributed through the bank of the lake, it wasn’t traceable at all!

Fei noticed that the pretty girl who stood by the bald man a moment ago suddenly disappeared. Fei wasn’t able to spot her figure anywhere. As the girl giggled, soundless arrow

s were shot at Fei one after another. Like hungry grasshoppers, they came at Fei from all directions at such impressive speed and quantity that it was extremely deadly.

This level of assassination was way scarier than direct encounters and battle, and it was the most efficient way to consume an opponent’s energy and spirit.

Fei suddenly remembered old Zolasc telling him that this girl had the mixed bloodline of a Dark Elf, that was why she looked like a sixteen-year-old girl despite the fact that she was already thirty. Since she had that bloodline, it was reasonable that she had mastered the stealth technique, slinking technique, and the phantom like arrow assassination technique that belonged to Dark Elves.

“Hehehehe, kiddo, your sword technique is great. But, hehehehehe, try to block my arrows a bit more!”

Chapter 182: Three Shocking Arrows (Part Two)

As the girl’s untraceable voice sounded again, more black assassination arrows flew towards Fei at a faster speed.

Ding, ding, ding – !

Fei changed up his striking angle and positions and easily blocked these arrows.

“Hehehehehe, kiddo, I’m becoming more fond of you. How about you join the Blood-Edge Mercenary Group? And let me this big sister love you dearly? It would be a lot more enjoyable and fun than battling and fighting!”

The coquettish giggles came with the raindrop like arrows. Every step Fei took led to more danger; any bystander would shout out in shock.

Ding, ding, ding -!

Fei sneered as he walked forward despite the fact that he was already circled by all the mercenaries. His swords flashed and shined as it easily blocked and knocked away all the arrows that were like raindrops in a storm. Under this circumstance, he was still able to keep up the pace of taking at least one life away every time he stuck. His presence was shocking like the lightning as he didn’t leave any life behind.

“Hehehehehe, little brother, if you continuous, big sister will get mad…… Quickly drop your weapon and lay down to get some rest. You are exhausted, you need to rest!”

The girl’s voice that was coming from all directions contained an indescribable coquettishness, and it would make people feel tired sub-consciously and wanting to drop their weapons and get some rest on the ground. However, Fei sneered to that; it was a good vicious mental confusion technique that went hand in hand with the assassination arrows, but it was useless towards a valiant Barbarian who danced on the verge of life and death.

Ding, ding, ding, ding, ding -!

The two blades that Fei wielded formed a blade storm that didn’t even let wind pass through. It didn’t matter which angle, what situation the dark assassination arrow came from, they were all smashed away mercilessly by Fei from a meter radius.

With a series of sparks appearing in the air, and Fei looked like a mid-night God of killing.

Blood-Edge Mercenary Group mercenaries quickly suffered more than eighty casualties, and corpses with hot blood leaked on the ground, scaring these mercenaries who risked their lives for money. Even though they usually killed and lit people on fire, they were shocked, and their spirits quickly collapsed. It was obvious, the female archer who was hidden couldn’t touch this man’s hair, even when she gave it all she had. This was already unbelievable to the mercenaries.

“Hehehehehe, little man, you are so playful! You don’t listen at all. You have disappointed big sister too much……” The girl’s coquettish voices resonated in the sky again. It was still coming from all over the place and was untraceable. “Looks like this big sister will have to change her method.”

After she said that, something occurred –

All a sudden, a few dark assassination arrows shot out. They weren’t targeted at Fei anymore, they were aimed at old Zolasc and young boy Modric.

What a malicious, vicious female killer.

Fei was surprised for a second. He stomped the ground with his left foot. In the loud booming noise, Barbarian – 【Leap】was activated. Fei appeared in front of the two people while leaving a series of afterimages in the air, then the air-piercing noise of his dashing through air sounded. He struck out a few times and chopped away all the assassination arrows.

“Oh……. So surprising. Little brother, so you actually care so much about these two lads? Big sister has found your weakness……” The old woman laughed proudly. She thought that targeting these two weak powerless people would put Fei into a very reactive situation.

At this time, about a hundred mercenaries of Blood-Edge Mercenary Group gathered together still in shock when Fei retreated.

Fei sneered, “Really? Too bad, I found your weakness as well!”

As he said that, Fei switched to Amazon Mode. He grabbed in the air, and an ancient looking blue long bow appeared in his hands after a flame burnt in the air. The shape of the bow looked like a brave eagle that was about to dash into the sky, and the bowstring was a beam of light that was blue and gave off a cold sensation.

He pulled on the string and three light arrows appeared on the bow.

“Old woman, game over! Show yourself!” After the shout, Fei glanced around as if he had lightning in his eyes, and the arrows moved slowly and pointed at wherever Fei was looking. Suddenly, Fei’s eyes shone and a smile appeared on his face. He instantly released the bowstrings that his fingers were holding on.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

The bowstring vibrating noise resonated in the sky, and the sharp arrows dashed through the air and whistled loud ear-piercing noises.

If you consider the old woman’s dark assassination arrows were soundless and senseless, then Fei’s three arrows were majestic and powerful! Like meteors that dashed through the dark sky, the arrows were as fast as lightning and dashed towards a part of the sky as if they draw a triangle in the air.

“Hehehehehe, little brother, you…… NO……AHHHHH……..”

As the scream sounded, it seemed like the three arrows hit something.

After a slight pause, the arrows nailed onto a stone pillar that was more than ten meters tall far away. Boom!

As the loud noise sounded, two streams of blood slowly dripped out from nowhere and slid off of the body of the arrows. Something seemed to struggle in the air, but the three arrows nailed it onto the pillar and didn’t allow it to move at all, as if they were the punishment from the god.

When everyone was surprised, a beautiful figure slowly appeared from the location where the three arrows were at. Both of her arms and her hair were nailed into the pillar tightly, and a ton of ice was already condensing around the arrows. The girl was completely fixed onto the pillar.

It was one of the most powerful warriors of Blood-Edge Mercenary Group – the woman who had the Dark Elf bloodline.

She was no longer coquettish, her face looked pale and depressed. She opened her mouth and shouted in shock: “How…… How is this possible? How did you locate me?” She looked like as if she was seeing a ghost.

However, Fei didn’t pay attention to her.



* * *





Chapter 183




Chapter 183

Chapter 183: The Complete Wipeout (Part one)

His lightning like eyes were already on the [Singled-eyed Mad Dragon] who was already ordering the rest of the mercenaries into an attack formation. He pointed at the bald man with both of his swords as his long black hair fluttered in the wind. He shouted with murderous intent filling his voice, “When you tried to capture and kill my Chambord’s citizens, have you thought about a day like this? Today, the King of Chambord will give you animals who lost all humanity a taste of becoming prey under someone else’s swords!”

“Yuck! So what if I did kill and capture some low lives of Chambord?” Although he was shocked by Fei’s presence, he was a dangerous character after all. He started laughing viciously as he shouted, “Even if there are less than a thousand dead Chambord low lives, there were at least five hundred. On top of that, there were countless woman of Chambord that I got tired of playing and sent to become prostitutes in the military camps. Haha, daddy will put it out here, what can you, as a little king of a level 6 affiliated kingdom, do?”

“Good! Good! Good! Good good!!!” After saying five “good” continuously, Fei got so mad that he started laughing, “What can I do? I won’t kill you today. In a month, I will let you use your dog eyes to see how the Blood-Edge Mercenary Group will be wipeout out of St. Petersburg!”

After a short moment of being stunned, the bald man started to laugh, “Get rid of the Blood-Edge Mercenary Group from the Capital City? Haha, that’s the funniest joke that I have ever heard. You pitiful short-sighted god, do you know how many master warriors that the Blood-Edge Mercenary Group has? Do you really think that you are invincible in the world? If you pay us 30,000 gold coins, we can treat it as if nothing had happened, and you can still be alive and be the king. Otherwise, if any one of us survives this and passes the message to the headquarter in St. Petersburg, the Blood-Edge Mercenary Group will visit Chambord and kill all of you in a month.

“Ok, then I shall see how the Blood-Edge Mercenary Group kills all of us!”

Fei was too lazy to say more. He switched to Barbarian Mode and used [Leap]. He dashed into the mercenaries and let out all the power of the Level 7 item set 【Bul-Kathos’ Children】. Without holding back, the blade of the sword flashed, and heads shot up to the air with streams of blood, resembling fountains. In a few seconds, Fei went through layers of mercenaries as if he was a hot stick that was passing though cheese and got close to the bald man.

“Hahaha, King of Chambord, you are trapped!”

The bald single-eyed man suddenly laughed viciously as he backed off rapidly. Not sure when, but there were ten mercenaries with strong crossbow in their hands.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

They pressed on the triggers, and twenty devastating arrows that would pierce through trees, that two man couldn’t even hold by wrapping their arms around it, flew towards Fei after a series of blood-freezing spring and gear noises. These ten crossbows were the trump cards that the Blood-edge Mercenary Group got after paying a great price. They could be considered alchemist products. The crossbows had low level wind magic arrays engraved on them, and low level magic gems were embedded on them. Even the arrows had magic arrays engraved on them. They would increase the speed of the arrows, damage, and effect how they appeared.

At this moment, Fei was in the middle of a speedy charge. Under the sudden attack of the archers, the twenty arrows were almost in touch with the vital spots on Fei’s body as soon as the spring and gear noises sounded.

This was the trap that the bald man set up in the short time.

This was also why

he said those words to provoke Fei.

From the previous battle, the bald man knew he was no match with the king of Chambord. His opponent’s strength was beyond his imagination. If he fought him directly, then the lake would be filled with every mercenary’s corpse soon. His only trump card were the ten crossbows. Although he looked dumb, he was sly on the inside. When his peer was in stealth and tried to assassinate Fei with the arrows, he had quietly set up this lethal trap.

This was the moment that the trap was about to catch the prey.

The bald man’s vicious smile shone in the dark.

He almost couldn’t hold back his laughter. He could almost see Fei’s body getting pierced by the arrows and die on the spot. If he was able to get rid of this opponent, he could still turn the things around. The mercenary group still had enough strength to take care of Soros’ caravans.

“Be careful……”

“Danger……”

People in Soros’ caravans including Redknapp and the woman in red tried to notify Fei, but it seemed too late.

However……

“Piece of cake.”

As Fei sneered, something occurred. A series of flames appeared on Fei’s body. Flames in blue, red, green and purple appeared on the vital spots on Fei’s body. In these flames, Fei didn’t back off but charged forward more. He didn’t even use his swords to block the arrows. He went up against the bloodthirsty arrows and tried to use his own body to block the arrows.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

With everyone’s eyes and ears on him, a series of light metal collision noises sounded. It sounded like arrows were hitting on a metal bell. The twenty arrows that could pierce through rocks fell to the ground when they hit Fei’s body like toothpicks hit a wall.

Chapter 183: The Complete Wipeout (Part two)

At the same time, the flames around Fei’s body slowly dissipated.

A set of mysterious armor appeared on his body out of nowhere.

Fingers, palms, wrists, arms, helmets, chest, back, waist, abdomen, crouch, legs, knees, foot were completely covered in armors of different color. The set of armor looked simple yet smooth; it was rare to be seen on Azeroth Continent. Every component was tightly attached to Fei’s skin. However, it wasn’t like the heavy and big knight armor, this armor made Fei look magnificent and valiant.

Every component of the armor was also extraordinarily mysterious and beautiful. Every component was tightly connected and emitted a light flame and devastating magic surge. It was obvious that they were all magic items. With the Bul-Kathos’ Sacred Charge and Bul-Kathos’ Tribal Guardian, he looked like an invincible god of war who stepped out of the battle with god and demons.

No one really saw where this armor came from.

But everyone clearly saw this magic armor appearing out of nowhere and easily blocked the lethal sneak attacks. The big arrows couldn’t even leave a mark on the surface of the armor.

“How is this possible……” The bald man’s pupil contracted as his body felt cold.

Tink! Tink! Tink! Tink!

Before he could react, the lights reflected off of the swords as the sword moved. Blood rain from the sky, and the ten experienced archers had no chance of using the crossbows again. They were chopped into twenty pieces by Fei’s swords.

In the next moment, Fei’s swords passed through the bald man’s body.

A cold sensation passed through his body as the bald man felt like his limbs getting numb and losing the strength to stand. Streams of blood leaked out of his wrists and ankles. Before he could react, his hands and feet were almost cut off by Fei’s swords.

“I have said that I will leave you alive for you to see the fall of Blood-edge Mercenary Group!”

Fei’s cold voice sounded in his ears as if it was a call from the Grim Reaper. The injury on his wrists and ankles devastated him even more. To a warrior, this level of injury to wrists and ankles were equivalent to getting crippled; it was worse than killing him. The bald man lied on the ground powerlessly as he stared at Fei in viciousness: “King of Chambord, how dare you……” As he said that, he was about to bit his own tongue and suicide.

However,

Pia!

Fei stepped onto his chin and broke it and sneered, “I said you will stay alive, so you won’t die!”

Fei jumped into the air and landed on a stone pillar. He glanced around and tried to look for the mid-aged man who looked humble and was standing beside the bald man. Among the four top warriors in this team of Blood-edge Mercenary Group, he was the only one who still didn’t show his strength. That man was still a big potential threat.

At the same time, Fei made a hand gesture, and the Saint Seiya who were hidden around here dashed out like mad tigers and killed the rest of the mercenaries.

This was the first time that everyone found that the King of Chambord didn’t come here alone. The warriors under the King of Chambord had already surrounded the bank of the lake. It was obvious that the king of Chambord didn’t plan to let any mercenary leave here alive. The warriors of Chambord were high in morale and powerful. A huge man with a scar face who looked like a meat mountain and a handsome archer with his blonde hair fluttering in the air led these warriors and demonstrated a one-sided massacre. The mercenaries of Blood-edge Mercenary Group tried their best to resist, but they couldn’t put up a fight as if they were eggs who hit stones. Soon, less than a dozen mercenaries who were alive dropped their weapons and begged for forgiveness. The rest of them were all killed!

At this time, Fei finally found one of the leaders who still hadn’t showed himself.

“Got to run? Humph, too late! Come out!”

Fei stood on the stone pillar and punched out in the air. These fists somehow smashed onto the surface of the lake. With the strength of a level 38 Barbarian, these punches made the air explode and sent the lake water into the sky. Under the lake water that was falling down, a figure that was trying to get away like a fish had to return to the bank of the lake due to the strikes from Fei.

This was the mid-aged man who hadn’t showed his strength, a mid-tier leader of the Blood-edge Mercenary Group, the definition of a smiling tiger. He had killed numerous people, and was one of the men behind the operation of capturing citizens of Chambord.

“Forgive me, King of Chambord……” As soon as this man landed on the ground, he kneeled down and begged for forgiveness.

Fei jumped off of the stone pillar and stood in front of him.

Suddenly –

“Hahaha, die!”

This mid-aged man suddenly initiated the attack. His expression became vicious as he shook his shoulder and spread out his fingers. The muscle around his waist vibrated as his elbows, knees, wrists, and ankles moved in abnormal patterns. In an instant, hidden weapons shot towards Fei’s vital spots like raindrops…… This man was actually a master of hidden weapons. In a moment, more than a hundred hidden weapons were shot out all locations of his body. There were also stinky poison and magic surges hidden inside this attack.

“Humph! Easy! Let you see this!”

Fei sneered. He was prepared for this already! He stood there with the swords in his hands dancing. The sword moved and left a series of afterimages that looked like phantoms in the air, and the raindrops-like hidden weapons were completely blocked away from his body.

This was the devastating power of Fei after his [Sword Mastery] achieved level 8. His understanding and control of swords was beyond any warrior at Azeroth Continent.

The hidden weapons were knocked away, so the mid-aged man’s act ended there.

Fei’s sword didn’t hesitate to severely injure his wrists and ankles to prevent him from shooting out these hidden weapons. Fei even destroyed a few nerves vital spots that controlled some muscles on his body. This was easily for Fei who could switch to Assassin Mode easily.

Till this moment, more than two hundred mercenaries and the four leaders of Blood-edge Mercenary Group were wiped out; no one was the exception.

The people in the Soros’ caravan were shocked!

“Your majesty, how should we deal with these people?” Torres walked by and asked Fei while pointing at the mercenaries who surrendered.



* * *





Chapter 184




Chapter 184

One Month Agreement (Part One)

”Fei saw that the Blood-Edge Mercenary Group was already secured by the Saint Seiyas. They were all shivering and kneeling on the ground. He pondered for a bit, and pointed at the woman, the crippled bald giant and the half-dead middle-aged man that were nailed onto the stone pillar. Fei saw Oleg walking towards him and ordered, “I want you to handle these people. I don’t care what method you use but I need detailed information about the Blood-Edge Mercenary Group…Oh yeah, and for the one-eyed giant, keep him alive. I want him to see the Blood-Edge Mercenary Group vanish.”

Warden Oleg was an expert on torture. Bad people needed to be handled by bad people. Oleg was very excited about it, licking his lips and replying, “Yes, Your Majesty!”

Suddenly, there were few Saint Seiya of Chambord walking towards them, dragging the bald giant and the middle-aged man towards the lake. The half elven woman who was nailed onto the stone pillar was also dragged down alive by Oleg.

Soon, someone was moaning from the lake, including Oleg’s laughs and rage. Plop, plop, plop. It seems like something heavy has thrown into the lake.

While hearing the screaming from the Blood-Edge Mercenary soldiers, Fei saw Angela’s carriage, and frowned. He kicked a tiny stone at Oleg’s head and yelled “You are such an idiot, don’t throw the garbage and pollute the lake. Move further, don’t make loud and disgusting noises, you are disturbing everyone…”

Oleg moved the torturing spot to the forest and the noise lowered as expected.

The bylaw enforcement officers were responsible for cleaning the warzone.

Soon, the bloody battlefield that was covered with broken limbs and bodies was cleaned very quickly, and the remains were dumped far away by the officers onto the grassland. The moon was shining on the lake, the golden-brown leaves were blowing around on the ground just like a soft golden rug. The view was very beautiful, the killing intent disappeared, and it was very quiet and peaceful.

Multiple military tents were erected very quickly.

The Chambord Expeditionary Force got used to the camping style life since they left the kingdom. Everything was going on track and carefully. Nobody cared about the Soros Caravan who was in the aftermath of the war and taking precautions to the Chambord Expeditionary Force.

But soon, the manager in black robe Redknapp and the attractive young lady with the red dress came along to see Fei.

“Let them in!”

Fei was sitting still in the center of the big tent, and listening to a soldier’s report, summarizing the loss from the battle.

Since Fei passed through the Kingdom of Chambord, he experienced a couple wars. He ended up victorious in all so far. Some of them were by luck due to weak enemies, and gave Fei time to grow bigger and stronger. Also, his enemies always underestimated Fei, and the power of the Kingdom of Chambord.

The Black Armor Army lost due to this reason. The sexy Paris and the Princess also underestimated Fei, and were overturned by Fei in a simple way – playing dead. Today, the battle with the Blood-Edge Mercenaries was the same. Although the head of Blood-Edge Mercenary Group had heard of the fame of Kingdom of Chambord, obviously, they only received limited information. And Fei’s power grew drastically, so he was victorious in the end.

“If there is an enemy stronger than ourselves, is it possible the Kingdom of Chambord will still be invincible?”

Fei asked himself.

Suddenly, Fei realized, although he always led the army and took the challenges, he allowed them to go only if they had absolute advantage without facing any danger. Just like the hen protecting her children, Fei only let them expe

rience the thunderstorms only after the thunder and lightning were gone. From these experiences, did they really get trained? Maybe he ignored something?

Azeroth was governed by the law of the jungle. No one knows what would happen in the future, what kind of danger they would experience. When they face a strong enemy, would the Saint Seiyas of the Kingdom of Chambord and officers be able to handle it?

Fei couldn’t answer these questions.

One Month Agreement (Part Two)

At that moment, someone opened the door of the tent.

With the lead of Torres, the manager in black robe Redknapp and the red dress lady came in.

“Your Majesty!” They bowed.

With the power and influence of the Soros Business Union, the officer Redknapp didn’t need to care about a King of a tier six kingdom but apparently, this young King was an exception. The reason Redknapp respected the King of Chambord was because he saved the Soros caravan, and he also saw potential in this young man.

“Please have a seat!”

Fei pointed at the seats in the tent and greeted them warmly.

Old Zolasc had explained the Soros business union to Fei. It was one of the groups that are way more powerful than the Blood-Edge Mercenary Group. Their business covered every region of Azeroth in the business field. The chairman of the union was very well-known. He started it from scratch to become now the wealthiest man, but he never appeared. Someone said Zenit was a Martial Art Master of the Sun-class. Someone also said he was just a normal person. Beyond all doubt, he was very close with the ministers of both the civil and military sides. For this reason, no one dared to harm the Soros business union.

These audacious Blood-Edge Mercenaries started the fight with the Soros business team. In the forest, people barely walked by so it was no wonder the Blood-Edge Mercenary Group almost killed them. Once they did it, even if the Soros business union wanted to investigate, it would be very difficult for them.

Of course, there must be something profitable underneath, so it made the Blood-Edge Mercenaries go crazy about it.

Fei saw the guards of the business team protecting the three magical carriages, so he guessed the reason behind it. But it was not the business of Chambord, so he didn’t asked about it.

Since they met the Soros business union, the powerful group, they should strengthen their relationship with them. Although Redknapp was only a level five officer, it will beneficial to the Kingdom of Chambord if they were close to each other.

。

“I am Harry Redknapp, a level five manager of Soros business union. Thank you for your kind help. Otherwise, I couldn’t imagine what would happen tonight!” The old man sat and smiled, letting you feel his sincerity.

“Haha, you’re welcome. The Blood-Edge Mercenaries and the Kingdom of Chambord are enemies, it was just a coincidence.” Fei didn’t want to claim the credit.

“Your Majesty is being modest. If Your Majesty didn’t give us a hand, my daughter Shirley and I, and the guards of Soros business team wouldn’t have escaped unscathed, let alone keep the valuables from the Blood-Edge. The Soros business union must reward Your Majesty!”

Fei couldn’t believe the young lady, Shirley, was Redknapp’s daughter.

Fei smiled and switched topics, “This time the Blood-Edge Mercenaries angered the union. How are you going to handle this?”

“In ten days, Blood-Edge Mercenary Group will be destroyed!” Redknapp showed his anger. Tonight, it was humiliating for him, and he had to make the Blood-Edge Mercenaries pay for what they did.

“Oh?” Fei scowled, “I already promised my people, I will destroy the Blood-Edge Mercenary group with my own hands”

“Oh, you made that promise?” Redknapp was amazed, and touched his beard, “May I ask when Your Majesty has decided to destroy the Blood-Edge Mercenary group?”

“Within a month!”

“Within a month?” Redknapp was shocked and said, “Your Majesty, do you know how big the Blood-Edge Mercenary Group is? How many elites do they have? And how strong those masters are?”

Fei understood.

Redknapp was reminding Fei in a polite way to never overestimates himself. The Blood-Edge Mercenary Group was very strong and powerful. They had a lot of masters and were heavily guarded. No matter how exceptional Fei’s performance was today, it is not enough to destroy the Blood-Edge Mercenary Group.

But, how would Redknapp knew Fei’s full capabilities and his plan.

Fei understood and smiled, “Thank you for your reminder, I have my own plans. If my Chambord Kingdom cannot destroy Blood-Edge within a month, it is not too late for the Soros business union to takeover. Can you promise me on this?”

Redknapp never expected the King of Chambord would say this. He saw his confidence and knew that Fei was not a reckless man, and would have thought through multiple possibilities. So, he immediately made a new judgement.



* * *





Chapter 185




Chapter 185

Chapter 185: The Cage inside the Team Formation (Part one)

“With that been said, the Soros business union is willing to wait for another month. Your Majesty, you may have the opportunity that you want.” It seemed like the manager in the black robe did not spend too much effort to think and made a concession.

Measuring all actions with a cost and benefit analysis, it was a must have quality to become a successful businessman.

The Soros Business Union was a business corporation, and the goal of a businessman was profit maximization. Killing was the last thing that they would do, unless there was no alternative. Redknapp wanted to report this to the headquarter of the union, and request for the masters to destroy one of the top three Mercenary Groups in the Zenit Kingdom in order to secure the fame and reputation of the Soros Business Union. However, due to the determination of the King of Chambord on revenge, it was okay to be generous for once. If the King of Chambord succeeded, the Soros Business Union could omit some of their troubles too. If he failed, it was just a Blood-Edge Mercenary Group. The Union could also destroy it easily.

Of course, these were just minor issues.

The most important thing to Rednapp was maybe he could use the Blood Edge Mercenary Group to discover more things that he would like to know, and see if the King of Chambord had as strong of a potential as the intelligence reported. Was it worth it for the Union to start the plan again, and make the investment.

Under a cordial atmosphere, they did not discuss on the major topics, but just conversed in small talk. From the beginning, the lady in the red dress called Shirley only looked at Fei few times. She did not say anything at all. It was not that she was ice cold, but it was more like a self-enclosed feeling.

“Alexander, I asked the guard to prepare hot water for you…” A sweet and tender voice said. Angela opened the front door of the tent, came in and said, “The Elder Princess said she would like to have a hot bath after a long ride…” She was surprised because she found that there was a guest in the tent after she spoke. She covered her red lips with her fingers. But soon, she switched to her “Queen-to-be” attitude, smiled to Rednapp, and walked next to Fei.

It caught both of Rednapp and the lady’s attention.

This lady who suddenly showed up was very attractive and glamorous. It seems like there was a spotlight on her.

Redknapp and Shirley had a high status in the Soros Business Union. They were both knowledgeable and experienced. However, it was rare to see such an elegant and refined lady. Angela with her white maxi dress and Fei with his bloody armor sat together. What a harmonious picture. Rednapp and Shirley both exclaimed their admiration in their hearts, “What a perfect couple!”

The appearance of Angela reminded Rednapp that they should not stay any longer, so he stood up and smiled. He wondered and asked, “Your Majesty, I heard Tanasha, the Elder Princess is also in the army, and I have met her few times. I was wondering if I could visit the Princess?”

Fei smiled. He knew this officer was not asking for permission, but was just showing his courtesy. The Princess was here anyways, but the way this Soros Caravan Manager talked made Fei feel very comfortable so he smiled and said, “Yes of course! Help yourself!”

After they left, Angela asked the guard in excitement to send some hot water. Just like a wife caring for Fei, she removed his armor, cleaning the dirt and blood. During the past three-four years, Alexander was retarded, just like a little kid. Angela and Emma had been taking care of him, even showering was not an uncommon thing.

“The Princess has been staying in the carriage for the past few days. Yo

u were in contact with her every day. Tell me, what has she been doing?” It was so much more comfortable after a hot bath. Fei took the white towel and wiped the water off his face and asked in curiosity.

Chapter 185: The Cage inside the Team Formation (Part Two)

“Nothing much.” Angela blinked and said, “I feel that Princess Tanasha is very pitifu. She has an odd disease, so she is very weak all the time, especially during the freezing autumn. She couldn’t take the wind, otherwise, her condition will get worse. That’s why she could only stayed in the carriage. If I were her, I would be very bored. So, Emma and I would always visit her. I found she is actually very nice…”

From Angela’s description, it reminded Fei the first time he met the Princess. This was the first time he found that the weak and skinny body with a pair of blue eyes in his memory very vividly. On the first time they met, Fei thought that the Princess seemed like she had a weird disease, and was very weak. Therefore, he gave her the “Energy Recovery Potion” for fun. He just didn’t know if the Princess actually tried the potion, or she threw it away long time ago.

“Oh yeah, Alexander, Princess Tanasha mentioned the purple potion that you gave her seemed to be effective but she had finished the bottle. Do you still have some extra? Can you…” Angela asked Fei with her big round eyes. Although she hadn’t finished her words, it was obvious what she was trying to say.

It seems like the Princess was pretty good at winning people’s hearts. At least Fei clearly saw it this time. At the same time, Angela treated this Empire’s Female Saint as her bestie, just like Emma. Angela never asked Fei for anything. He couldn’t believe the first thing she asked for would be for the Princess.

Fei gave out his potion to Angela right away.

Not even mentioning a tiny bottle of potion, to Fei, no matter what this sweet young lady asked for, he would try his best to bring it to her. This kind and gentle young lady was the softest part in Fei’s heart. No matter if it was the flooding waves of beasts from the Diablo world or the bloody killing in reality, whenever this lady’s face appeared on his mind, his heart would feel a lot at ease.

This fairy-like lady must be a gift from God!

It was not the first-time Fei had this thought.

Seeing Angela’s excited face as she brought the potion to the Princess, Fei smiled. Maybe the Princess mentioned the purple potion to Angela on purpose. She couldn’t ask him because she had the status of the Elder Princess, so she used Angela to ask for the potion. Fei understood these tricks without need to think about it. One thing surprising Fei was that the Princess actually took the potion that he gave ti her, not throwing it away.

Also, the things he had done during the past few days had been a little out of line. Like capturing the main territory of Black Stone Kingdom without the permission of the Empire; and destroying a lot of the Black Stone Kingdom’s mines. These acts could be considered to be treason against the Empire and the Princess had seen everything, but she didn’t say anything. What was that terrifying brain of hers thinking about?

Fei had been thinking this question.

The Empire Princess Tanasha, the female saint of wisdom that seemed to have everything under control, the nightmare of all single nobles, even King Yaxin had to take her seriously. This was indeed a terrifying character.

……

The next day, the weather appeared to be extra nice after the night of killing.

A new day started, the lakeshore became busy after breakfast. Even though Fei and Redknapp didn’t have any oral agreements, the Soros Caravan and the Chambord Expeditionary Force advanced together.

Between the teams, there were four horses pulling a steel cage.

Inside the cage, was one of the six famous Blood-Edge Mercenary elite warriors that was beaten with bruises and completely crippled – [One-Eyed Mad Snake]. Just like a dog lying on the ground, not even moving a bit. If he was not hatefully staring at the figure on the giant black dog at the front with a beautiful girl in his arms, people would think the cage was carrying a bunch of rotten meat.

Although Oleg used bloody methods, he barely got any information.

The rest of the Blood-Edge soldiers surrendered and gave out all the information after being terrified by Oleg. However, they were just the bottom characters and they barely knew anything.

For the Bald muscular man, the middle-age pervert, and the female devil with the dark elf bloodline, the major leaders, of course they knew a lot more, but they knew that they would die for sure if they were captured by Fei. So, these outlaws who had gotten used to the taste of blood were very tough under the trial, all the way until the Old Zolasc and Modric killed the middle-aged pervert and old elf with his sword since they could no longer take the trial anymore. Oleg still couldn’t get any further information about the Blood-Edge Mercenary Group.



* * *





Chapter 186




Chapter 186

Chapter 186: Before the Rain Storm the Wind is already here (Part One)

The trial result discouraged the originally confident warden Oleg, He felt ashamed. After the discouragement, he started working hard and dug deep into torturing methods so that he could better serve the King.

However, to the King, it didn’t matter anymore.

Before the team set out, the Soros Caravan manager – Redknapp told Shirley to send a small booklet listing all the records of the spheres of influence that the Blood-Edge Mercenary Group had, including the number of masters, names, and level of power, etc…To the Soros Caravan, they could get this kind of information very easily. Also, this wasn’t any classified documentation. Anyone could inquire about it so Redknapp took it as an advantage to do a favor to Fei!

Finally, Chambord’s expeditionary army left the territory of the Black Stone Kingdom in the afternoon.

“Your Majesty, we are entering the border of Thrace Kingdom. We heard you and Thrace didn’t quite get along!” Redknapp whipped the horse, but the giant dog was too aggressive, and he was too afraid to stay close and said.

“Haha, it is far more than unpleasant. The King of Thrace chose the Black Stone King’s side, an enemy of our Chambord. During the day of my enthronement, they sent Prince Okocha and the master Hershzen to attack me on the mountain during the ceremony. All of them were killed by my sword. We are enemies for life!” Fei laughed.

“With that being said, Your Majesty will have to be careful when we enter Thrace!”

“Why? I was hoping the King of Thrace was as courageous as the King of Blackstone, leading the military and showing up by himself. It would save me so much work!” They finally entered the mountains in the afternoon. Fei had a broader-minded while looking at the level land, and bragging excessively.

Redknapp smiled, not saying a word.

Since this morning, he had been observing Fei’s every action and behavior. The description of the King of Chambord was very brief in their intelligence reports. Since he convinced the upper management about the execution of the plan, he had to observe whether the Chambord King was worth it to invest in. From the observation, he could not come to a decision. The young King was sometimes polite like an old noble, sometimes too arrogant, sometimes mature, and sometimes like a little kid. Redknapp had read a lot of people in his life, but this time, he couldn’t understand this Chambord King.

“This young King seems like he is covered by a layer of cloth, very hard to read.” Redknapp became more shocked the more he thought about it.

……

More surprisingly, the King of Thrace knew the Chambord Expeditionary Force was coming, but he hadn’t taken any actions. Not even like the Black Stone King that sent someone to observe. It seemed like he was going to let nothing happen, allowing the Chambord Expeditionary Force cross his territories.

In the evening, the Expeditionary Force and the Caravan stationed next to a waterfall.

“This place is well-known for the beasts hunting around. It is said a group of level three magic beasts Fierce Wind Wolves are always hunting here…” Old Zolasc suggested Fei to change the campsite, but from the report, this was the best place to settle. The only thing they could do was to be more alert, preventing attack from the beasts.

And the fact has proven, Old Zolasc really is a jinx.

During midnight, they heard wolves growling around the site.

“Damn, it is the group of Fierce Wind Wolves…”Redknapp heard something, quickly dressed up and ran out of the tent, jumping on a big stone and looking around. Redknapp got nervous and said,

“Damn it, it is the wolves. I’m afraid there are at least six to seven hundred of them … How come there are so many of them?”

In Zenit, level three magic beast Fierce Wind Wolves were just low-grade beasts. The power of an individual wolf was not strong, but the most terrifying part was that they liked living in packs. There was always a large number of them. When they found their prey, the wolf packs will call other groups close by, just like water flooding everywhere. They were courageous and crazy, not stopping until one side died…This kind of wolf pack, even the regular military were afraid of them.The whole army would completely wipe out if they made any mistake.

“Something’s wrong, why are there suddenly so many wolf packs?” Redknapp seemed to have found out something. Shirley and the swordsman appeared, looking very seriously.

“Ready…quick! Archers…don’t let them get close!”

“Lazy head, go get changed and grab your sword. Do you want to be eaten by wolves?”

“Damn it, why is there so many?”

“Make the fire bigger. They are scared of fire, add more wood…quick, light up the torches!”

Chapter 186: Before the Rain Storm the Wind is already here (Part Two)

The guards of the Soros Caravan were experienced. They respond to the situation very quickly, not even taking three to four minutes, 40 people quickly took over the best place for defense. The camp lit up a lot of torches, blazing in the sky. Everyone raised up their weapons and were ready for a large battle.

But when one looked at Chambord’s campsite, they would see that Chambord’s expeditionary army was so much quieter.

The King of Chambord never showed up but his army seemed to have received an order and went back to what they were supposed to do, not even being affected by the growling.

At the same time, there were two shadows appearing on the big rock next to the fall,

One was over two meters tall and obese, and there was a scar on his face. He brought a dead and gloomy atmosphere, it was very scary. The other one was tall and thin, a blonde handsome man, holding a longbow. The quiver on his back carried over a hundred arrows, just like a Fairy Prince.

Redknapp knew both of them.

One was the Chambord King’s warden, and the other one was the King’s guard.

Redknapp was confused why the Chambord King didn’t come over but sent them both only on an emergency. Was he that confident about the strengths of his subordinates? Does he think they could defeat the wolf packs by themselves? Or was the Chambord King too arrogant and did not even know how terrifying the wolf pack is?

Redknapp was more leaning towards the latter.

He was experienced and had seen all sorts of surreptitious things. He seemed to know something was wrong about the sudden appearance of this group of giant wolves. From his intuition, he knew it was not that simple. It seems like someone lead the wolf packs here on purpose.

With giving him much time to think, after a long howl, the groups of wolves started running towards them. Many pairs of bloody eyes appeared in the dark, scary like the eyes of devils.

Redknapp stood on a big rock and started mumbling magic spells.

All the guards and masters of the business team stood next to Redknapp, ready to fight. Someone was holding a weapon with his sweaty palms and started to shake.

At the same time, another giant rock crashed into the ground from far away.

The fatty’s mouth was holding a stem, and he sat down, just like he was ready to watch what was going to happen. He was crossing his arms, like he was not planning to help. The blonde young man who sat next to the fatty was holding the longbow, and finally pulled out the first long arrow from the quiver on his back.

……

……

“What, you actually send someone to do such thing?” In a magnificent tent, a fourteen to fifteen year old teenager in golden armor yelled, “Alpha, who let you to do such a stupid thing?”

Everyone in the tent was frightened at the sight of this angry teenager. They did not even dare to breathe. The old man was the only one who are impassive and said, “Your Majesty, I don’t think it is stupid. There will be less troubles when Your Majesty kills him.”

“Bastard! If I wanted to kill him, it would be a piece of cake. How come there are so many troubles? How dare you underestimate me?” The golden armored teenager was still very angry and yelled, “Alpha, stop all these stupid actions! This is my order! I will wait here for the arrogant Chambord King, and kill him by myself!”

The old man didn’t say a word.

The Black Stone King, Thrace King, Chi Shui King, and many of Fei’s enemies were standing behind him. More surprisingly, these were not anybody here but the Kings of all the Kingdoms. However, these people were trembling in front of this teenager, not even daring to be disobedient.

After the teen in golden armor calmed down, he gave multiple orders, and kicked everyone all out of the tent.

“Master Alpha, is our plan still going? It seems his Majesty is very displeased!” The Blackstone King said right away he left the tent.

“Yeah, if Your Majesty knows and decides to investigate…” the Shi Shui King doubted.

The rest of them were also looking at Alpha, the old man. He was obviously a high status.

It seemed like this old man Alpha was very weak, just like a housekeeper, but, he was a very frightful man. Only people who knew him understood how scary this tiny old man was.



* * *





Chapter 187




Chapter 187

HTK Chapter 187: Death is everywhere (Part one)

Alpha sighed and looked up to the sky as an insidious scent mingled around him. No one knew what he was thinking. After a while, he touched his beard, as usual, smiled and said, “To all Kings, His Majesty is still young, and too ambitious. He will understand we are doing this for his own good as time goes on. Please continue our plan. Don’t worry too much, even if His Majesty wants to place blame, it’s all on me!”

The Black Stone King was less worried after Alpha made his promise. He gritted his teeth and said, “With that being said, I’m going to prepare!”

Thrace King had a tiny but strong physique with a head of brown curly hair, wearing a gown, a pair of long and bold eyebrows just like a pair of big knife hanging above his eyes. He said, “Haha, amazing, this time we will let the Chambord King suffers!”



Old man Alpha nodded and said, “With the help from two Kings, I now feel assured. I will send the elites from the Empire’s Horsemen Sector to assist you two. This time, we cannot make any mistakes.”



“Masters from the Empire’s Horseman Sector? Great!”

Both Black Stone King and Thrace were delighted. They were more confident with the coming plan, although both didn’t understand why Alpha hated the Chambord King so much and spent so much effort to deal with Fei. The enemy’s enemy was an ally, so they accepted Alpha’s help.

……

Seeing all the Fierce Wind Wolf bodies covering the ground fifty meters away, everyone in the Soros Caravan including Redknapp were shocked and were breathing hard. They couldn’t believe what they were seeing.

Almost five hundred magic wolves were charging forward for ten minutes.

If it was the Soros Caravan’s forty people, even though they had elites on their team, under this situation, it was inevitable to have people injured and dead…but now, what did they see?

They saw the elf-prince-like blonde teenager suppress the coming of magic wolves fifty meters away from their campsite with only his bow and arrows. None of the wolves could come up to the teenager within fifty meters. That border, just like the Goddess of Death had drawn a death-line, no matter how ferocious the wolves were, when they got closer, they would be dead for sure.

Boom~Boom~Boom~

The magical rhythmical vibration of the bowstring was still sounding in everyone’s ears.

For the last ten minutes, every time the bowstring sounded, there would be a wolf that gets shot with no exception.

How incredible was this archery skill?

Although the overall power of these wolves was not high, the characteristics of the Fierce Wind Wolves were that they were agile and speedy during night time. Under this circumstance, the regular archer couldn’t even catch their route.

More surprisingly, the way and speed at which the blonde teenager shot was rapid. After shooting an arrow, another arrow was ready on the bow, shooting a straight line.

During the process, the fat meat mountain who was crossing his arm did one thing only, which was changing the quiver for the blonde man ten times. Every quiver held a hundred arrows, which meant the blonde young man shot a thousand arrows in ten minutes.

The young lady Shirley and the white swordsman were shocked.

Redknapp was amazed, not from his shooting skills since there were a lot of skillful archers in Zenit. The elf race’s superior shooting skills were even more well-known, even better than Torres’s performance. What amazed Redknapp the most was Torres’s age, talent, and background. It was hard to believe that he was a teenager from Chambord, a small country. He was just a poor man, never receivi

ng any professional training but had such a high achievement. He couldn’t believe how scary his talent was!

The most incredible thing was Redknapp saw something on the blonde young man that he had never seen before – that young man with the arrow standing on a rock under the moon was just like a beautiful painting.

“This young man, he was born for archery!” Redknapp summarized.

He couldn’t help but look at the Chambord King’s tent, it was still dark, Redknapp could imagine the Chambord King was hugging his wife and sleeping… the Chambord King, how could he sleep so peacefully at a time like this!

Chapter 187 (Part two)

“It seems like I focus too much on the Chambord King, and neglected something around him…the Chambord Kingdom, it is getting interesting. Maybe it would really convince the chairman to activate that plan!”

Everyone from the Soros Caravan went back to their own tents.

The wolves’ bodies were everywhere outside the tents. The Fierce Wind Wolf was a type of magic beast. Their bodies had magic crystals, but this low-level beast’s crystal was not worth much. And the wolves were killed by the young man from Chambord, they didn’t help at all so that they wouldn’t be presumptuous and pick up the crystals.

Torres and Oleg jumped down from the rock and walked into the sea of bodies.

Oleg pulled all the arrows from the bodies and put it back into the quiver. At the same time, he picked the crystals from the wolf’s skulls with a knife and put it in his pockets. Oleg was pretty insane. Especially on the night when Fei bestowed him with the Cancer constellation characteristics, he started getting excited when dealing with dead bodies.

Although Fernando Torres’s fingers were cut by the bowstring, he still checked the wounds on the bodies very carefully, reflecting back onto this fight.

His archery skill was just on the top level of god tier in the Kingdom of Chambord. It was impossible if he wanted to kill about five hundred wind wolves. But after he was given the powers of Sagittarius, it seems like he had some insights on top of his hard work. These days, his archery skills improved a lot.

Tonight was actually a test set up by Fei to train him, he ordered Oleg to protect him, not giving a hand until it was an emergency. For Fei, after he switched to assassin mode, he prepared to help Torres when there was danger. Who knew, under the pressure, Torres bore it and overcame. On average, he used two arrows to kill a Fierce Wind Wolf, but he got very close to stepping into the true bow master’s realm, even stimulated Sagittarius’s power.

Fei was stunned and surprised to see that Torres’s archery skill improved, which gave him the feeling of watching his child grow up. After the danger passed, Fei returned to his tent quietly. No one in the campsite realized Fei came out.

The next day, the team continued the journey.

Although it was quiet on the road, many weird things happened subsequently very soon.

In the afternoon during rest time, someone in the Soros Caravan realized the water close to the resting site was poisoned. There was a poor guard who drank the water, and he was poisoned and died, leading to the discovery. If they didn’t find out, the caravan and the Expeditionary Force would be in a big trouble.

“Tasteless and colorless, a terrifying poison. Someone did it on purpose. It wasn’t a long time ago, otherwise it would be flushed away. Obviously, someone did it against us…” Redknapp was a four stars sorcerer and he knew a bit of pharmaceutics, so he came to the conclusion from his observation and analysis.

Fei nodded.

He retrieved some poisoned water from the river and put it in a small bottle. He was ready to give it to the pharmaceutical expert in Diablo – Ankara the nun to study the ingredients. It may be useful if she could make an antidote.

During the evening, the Expeditionary Force and the Soros Caravan stopped near some boulders.

The station was attacked by beasts again, as expected/ Torres repelled them using his bow and arrows, and this further confirmed Redknapp’s conclusion earlier. Meanwhile, Fei observed from the dark and pondered on something.

On the third day, when the team was passing a steep canyon, rocks began collapsing out of nowhere. Both sides of the cliffs were collapsing and giant rocks began falling down. It was very dangerous.

“Corpse-Piling Shock Wave—!!”

The meat-mountain-like fattie growled and the shockwave he sent smashed a lot of the big rocks into rubble. The situation became manageable with the assistance of the Saint Seiya and the officers. Only one person was injured in the Expeditionary Force. The guard’s legs were broken when he tried to protect the Princess. The Soros Caravan followed the Expeditionary Force entering the canyon, so they weren’t affected as much, but there were still some people injured or had died.

“I sense the residual scent of the earth-type spell ‘Rage of Earth’ in the air. This collapse must be created by someone on purpose…” Redknapp had a sullen look as he told Fei his judgment.



* * *





Chapter 188




Chapter 188

Chapter 188: The Hostile Young Man in Golden Armor (Part one)

“Great minds think alike, Manager Harry. I noticed this too. These slippery smelly mice wouldn’t dare to approach us head-on because they know that they are no match for us. That’s why they used such a method…” Fei suddenly thought about what the Black Stone King did before. Every time when it approached night, the Black Stone King would send Prince Ike to lead a cavalry squad and continuously harass Fei’s camp, and Fei already vaguely remembered something else.

“But they knew that they would not be able to kill you with these means, why would they still do it?”

Manager Harry Redknapp naturally understood that this series of attacks were aimed at the Chambord King, he and the Soros Caravan were just there by chance. However, other than curiosity, he didn’t have any thought of just avoiding this Chambord “plague”. After all, for a businessman, there was a creed that had been etched into the marrow of their bones – it was absolutely impossible to not pay a price to get a huge return, and before making any investment, they will first let themselves judge the rate of return. And obviously, according to Redknapp’s observation recently, especially when the Chambord King demonstrated extraordinary strength during the fight with the Blood-Edge mercenaries, his personal bodyguard Fernando-Torres and the meat-mountain Oleg had also showed their strength, Redknapp became even more convinced that the danger that this Soros Caravan of his would experience was absolutely worth the hidden worth of this Chambord King.

As long as the profit was there, businessmen will never be less courageous than the craziest mercenaries.

“Who knew? Maybe they are stalling time to prepare for something. Maybe they want to tire us out…” Fei shrugged his shoulders and said as if it was not a big deal, “In short, these guys are definitely malicious. Thinking about this is too troublesome, the truth will be revealed one day anyway… Harry, I have this premonition that someone is waiting for us at the front. Maybe, hehe, we will meet them soon.”

After treating the injured, Fei commanded and the army began to accelerate their march.

Fei told Angela to return to the safer carriage that the Elder Princess was in, and at the same time, in order to prevent any more unnecessary injuries for being caught off guard, Fei called all the Saint Seiya back, and changed to [Druid Mode] himself. At this moment, the level 32 Druid Character could already summon 5 spirit wolves and 3 ravens. Fei scattered all these beasts and began closely monitoring the surrounding.

Since the Druid could readily change his vision to the perspective of the white spirit wolves or the ravens in the sky, it was almost like Fei grew more pairs of eyes, as if he had military satellites and radars. He could observe almost 10 kilometers of all movement within a radius.

On the surface, Fei looked calm, but inside his heart, killing intent had already risen.

The collapse of the mountain just now already injured five Saint Seiya and a dozen Bylaw Enforcement Officers, and some of the injuries were even serious. This was the most amount of damage Fei had taken after the very first time when Chambord defeated the Black Armor Army. If it wasn’t for potions from the Diablo world that treated the injuries in time, there could have been casualties, and the damage had already spread to the Soros Caravan which costed them the lives of 5 guards. Such despicable sneak attacks one after another, who could imagine what those despicable rats would do next? What if someone really dies?

Are you f*cking joking me? My warriors aren’t meant to die here.

Fei already made up his mind, he will for sure do something brutal to th

ose sneaky and faceless guys.

…

…

The sunset is like blood, dying red the grassland before their eyes.

The scenery was like a painting, so serene.

Suddenly, a very tall and skinny figure slowly appeared on top of a yellow grassland.

He used his trembling hand and slowly took off his pitch black helmet. Beneath that was a thin face with a pair of teary eyes. Looking at the rushing river and the towering castle that sat between the mountains and couldn’t suppress his tears anymore. He greedily breathed the air that carried the scent of his homeland, and dropped his knees onto the ground. He began passionately kissing the land under his feet, and his body had already begun shaking excitingly.

“Chambord City, I finally came back alive!”

This man suddenly stood up with his hands in the air as if raising up his own soul, and then he let out an angry roar.

With the roar, more and more figures began appearing behind him and crazily ran to the mountaintop. They were all in ragged cloths and clad in black armor that were not fit for their size. After such a long journey they have been exhausted, using the spears and swords that were originally used for killing as walking sticks. Their energy was fully depleted, and they all relied on that unmovable faith in their heart to be able to make it back here.

“Back… I’m really back!”

“Chambord, my city, I’m actually back to see you again…”

“Oh god, I’m not dreaming am I?”

This group of people was the mine slaves that were finally escorted back by Lampard, Drogba, Pierce, and 20 or so Saint Seiya.

After experiencing the hell-like life in the Black Stone Kingdom, living every day in the fear of death in the next second, seeing comrades being killed from the mine collapsing or under the butcher of their supervisors. They all thought that they might not ever be able to drink from the Zuli River or see Chambord’s city wall again, but now the scenery presented before their very eyes finally drove them completely crazy.

Chapter 188: The Hostile Young Man in Golden Armor (Part two)

Suddenly, an exclamation uttered from the crowd.

A 50-year-old man fell from the horse, and when people lifted him up, he was no longer breathing.

“Dick Daddy is dead… in fact, his body was already overdrawn past the limit. If it wasn’t for him holding his last breath to take one last look at motherland Chambord, maybe he would have already died on the road…” Some people’s tears were dropping, “Maybe now that he felt that his wish was finally granted, he passed on. Now he can be buried in his homeland.”

This group of people had mixed emotions, it was like a dream.

Lampard, Drogba, and Pierce rode round and round to protect the crowd, and they couldn’t, help but let out a sigh after seeing this scene. Old man Dick unexpectedly held his last breath until he saw his homeland, and before that, even death was stalled by this old man.

Lampard dispatched a fast horse to Chambord city to report the news of their return.

At that moment, a batch of scouts on horses appeared behind them. They hurried to Lampard’s side and whispered. Lampard’s face instantly changed. He looked at the compatriots still celebrating crazily for their return, he lowered his voice and asked, “How far?”

“They have stepped into our borders, still one-hour horse-riding from us.”

“Damn robbers, they dare to invade our Chambord city so brazenly. They really don’t know how good it is to be alive. But now, time is short. Paul, immediately accelerate this group’s march, maintain good order, and try your best to get everyone into the city within the next hour. Didier Drogba, dispatch a horse to go report to Elder Bast and Elder Brook. There is a tough enemy attacking so get them prepared to fight. Then, you come with me and cover the rear.”

Lampard soon made the most correct decision.

…

…

At the Tier 4 subsidiary kingdom Tadeke border area, Thunder Mountain region, there was a narrow and dangerous terrain named the One Line Sky.

On both sides of the One Line Sky were towering cliffs. The cliffs were smooth, unable to be climbed, and there was no vegetation growing.

A few sneaky guys in black cloaks were busy preparing for something on top of a giant rock at the top of the One Line Sky. At the same time, some people were standing in the high lookout staring at the distant mountain road, and at the same time urging, “Hurry up, they are almost here…”

In the distant mountain road appeared a large group of people moving fast.

But suddenly, just at that moment, with a shrill croaking sound, a shadow with a gust of wind came right into their midst. The few people in black cloak lifted their head, and just felt their vision going black, and sharp pain. Three pitch black ravens dove viciously into them, and even directly gouged out the eyes of three of them out with their steel hook-like beaks.

“Ah!!!!! NOO! Help!!!!”

The three unlucky scums that lost their eyeballs screamed in pain and rolled around on the ground. They began stumbling without a sense of direction and fell directly off the cliff.

It was chaotic, and at the same time, giant wolves covered in pure white fur appeared out of nowhere, surrounding the 4 remaining men in black cloaks and began biting fiercely. These giant wolves demonstrated shocking strength that was far beyond the level 3 magic beast Fierce Wind Wolf. Very soon, on the stone mountain top were left piles of scattered bones, rags, and blood.

After a dozen minutes, Chambord’s expedition army and the Sorors Caravan finally arrived at One Sky Line canyon.

“Ah, there are a few more bodies here…” The fat man Oleg licked his lips and exclaimed with surprise.

“Go ahead.” Fei really wanted to kick this fat ass’s ass away because whenever he sees corpses he would act like a guy that was desperate to take a shit who stumbled upon a washroom. This was too f*cking embarrassing.

The manager Redknapp took a careful look at the corpses, and noticed that they were similar to the past 5 or 6 times they saw dead bodies on the road. Although these bodies fell from high above and broke into pieces, it could still be seen that their eyeballs were removed. It looked like they were attacked by some beasts. Redknapp couldn’t help but start thinking a bit more. Ever since some people almost died from yesterday when someone used a spell to cause the mountain side to collapse, the Chambord king not only didn’t increase their vigilance but withdrew all his scouts and sped up their march. What’s even more surprisingly was that, since then, it had been a smooth ride. They didn’t encounter any more danger or attacks and smoothly entered the Tadeke border.

Aside from seeing 4 to 5 groups of dead bodies of some men in black cloaks, there was nothing else that happened.

“It seemed like Chambord king did something in the dark and took out those assassins that were preparing their attack… Could it be he still has a hidden force under his command?” Redknapp was in shock.

After passing the One Line Sky and advancing two more hours, they came to the edge of the Thunder Mountain Region.

There were two mountains that were a hundred meters taller than the other mountains, like two tall cranes among a group of chickens. The two mountains were located on opposite sides of each other, like two towering warrior statues that stood on the edge of the mountain region. Their shape was quite peculiar, and they were very famous in this area, named the Dual-Tower Mountain. After passing the Dual-Tower Mountain and another day of traveling, they would successfully enter the territory of their destination, Zenit Empire.

However, when the group was 500 meters away from approaching the Dual-Tower Mountains, Fei noticed, there was a regiment of a hundred knights in golden helmets standing in firm formation under the mountain. They didn’t show any signs of moving after seeing the arrival of the expedition army, and the young boy that was standing in front of the regiment, in golden armor, holding a golden helmet, with his blonde hair flying in the wind, riding on a strange-looking magic beast, was currently staring in the distance at him full of hostility.



* * *





Chapter 189




Chapter 189

Chapter 189: The Hardest Battle Yet (Part One)

After seeing the golden armored young knight, a surprise appeared on manager Redknapp’s face, “It’s him…… what a surprise!”

“You know him? Who is he?” Fei asked with a smile on his face.

“Imperial Knight Palace, ranked at the tenth seat of the Ten Executive Knights. He is Chris-Sutton, and the self-claimed Golden Sun Knight. He is a genius knight from Zenit as he is only sixteen years old. Most people his age are still dreaming of becoming a servant of knights, yet Sutton was granted the position of one of the executive knights by Emperor Yasin himself due to his unbeatable talent. He is the star of the future, and many families and nobles of St. Petersburg believed that he could become the future Martial Saint of the empire…… Put it in simple terms, he is a character that is hard to deal with……”

Redknapp used a series of flashy titles and adjectives when introducing the young knight that was far away, and his tone sounded very serious. It was obvious that this young knight had a lot of fame in the empire. However, the manager in the black robe laughed and added with a strange expression on his face, “But, this genius who named himself the Golden Sun Knight is short-tempered. He is also famous for his stubbornness and self-conceit. He is merciless and doesn’t allow anyone to bend his will. He is a very haughty character, so I would guess that the assassins weren’t send by him. He isn’t interested in doing anything shady. However, from the looks of it, he is here for you, your majesty. It’s better to be careful when you encounter him!”

“Little kids who bocame famous at a young age … they are all arrogant like this. Hehe, gods have mercy! He should hope that he doesn’t provoke me!” A meaningful smile appeared on Fei’s face as he said that.

The battle sense of a barbarian was very sensitive. Fei had already felt the unhidden hostile attitude that this Golden Sun Knight had towards him. This attitude made Fei wonder why he was like that since they had never met each other before, so they didn’t have anything against each other in theory. Fei was a little confused as to where this attitude came from. He also felt angry, “A good dog shouldn’t block the road. If you don’t want to hold yourself back, I will beat you till your mom can’t recognize you! I don’t care if you are a genius or the Golden Sun Knight.” He thought.

The distance between them got closer and closer. Gradually, everyone felt the subtleness of the atmosphere.

Both parties felt the threat from each other.

Blacky let out a deep and horrifying roar as ferocious lights shone in its eyes. Fernando quietly placed his left hand on three arrows. Warden Oleg held his fist tight, and the strange looking black fist glove with back hooks on it showed itself. Peter-Cech on the other hand formed 25 Saint Seiya into a V shaped charging formation, and a vague red flame appeared on the Roaring Flame Beasts hooves as a light magic energy appeared in the air……

The knights in golden armor under the Dual-tower Mountain also sensed something. Disdainful smiles appeared on their faces. It was like a sneer from a noble towards lower class people. They uniformly pulled down their helmets, raised the lances in their hands to a 45 degree angle, and released silver and golden warrior energy flames outside of them. The energy flames enveloped these knights’ lances as well as their horses. Looking from afar, it seemed like that the knights and their horses were merged into one, and together, they looked like a stream of golden current. As if the young knight who attracted the attention like the sun commanded, they w

ould charge and tear up the enemies in front of them into pieces.

Under this tense atmosphere, the two groups got close to each other, and Fei and the young knight stared at each other with no intention of backing off. The distance between them was only 20 meters.

Fei waved his hand, and the expeditionary force as well as the caravans paused.

After a brief moment of silence –

“So you are the King Alexander of Chambord who dared to ignore the laws of the empire and attack affiliated kingdoms of the empire?”

The young knight in the golden armor spoke first.

He tapped the head of the strange demon beast that he was riding on. It looked like a wolf, but it had a horn on its forehead. It had long yellow hair, and chains wrapped around its body. The beast carried the young knight forward, one step at a time. From the knight’s tone, it sounded like he was a god who controlled the lives of hundreds of thousands of people and questioning and accusing Fei like a guilty criminal.

“There might be some misunderstandings, Mr. Chris……”

The black robed manager Redknapp heard what Sutton said and felt like there were some misunderstandings, so he quickly signaled Fei and told him not to be impulsive. Redknapp on the other hand rode his horse forward and laughed, “Mister, King Alexander his majesty was attacked and harmed, so he only did what he had to do for self-defence……” Slowly, Redknapp told Sutton exactly what he knew. When it got to the scene where the expeditionary force of Chambord attacked Blackstone Fortress, he artistically described the crimes of Blackstone King such as slavery and murder beforehand, then said, “Both parties had some fault, but the Blackstone King killed and enslaved citizens of Chambord, so he is guilty first. Mr. Chris, you should really investigate it.”

“Oh, it’s manager Redknapp, long time no see……” The young knight in golden armor nodded. The Soros Merchant Group was one of the powerhouses on the continent, Harry-Redknapp who was one of the top managers at Zenit could be counted as one of the top elites at St. Petersburg. Although Chris-Sutton was arrogant, he had to pay some respect. However, he soon frowned and said, “But, I’m just curious. Why would the prestigious manager Redknapp defend a bunch of savage and the idiot king?”

When Sutton spoke, he didn’t try to hide what he meant. The wind blew by, and words like “savage” and “idiot king” clearly landed in Fei’s and his men’s ears. The expeditionary force was instantly triggered! People like Torres, Oleg, and Cech already had warrior energy flames flashing around their bodies……

Fei lightly waved and quieted everyone down.

He sneered but didn’t say anything.

“Mr. Chris, the Blackstone King is at fault here……” Redknapp was still trying to help Fei out.

“Enough, Manager Harry. I think I should remind you of your identity. According to the tradition of this ancient continent, ignoring the laws of the empire and attacking other affiliated kingdoms should always be decided by the Executive Knights of Imperial Knight Palace, and not by your Soros’ Merchant Group.”

Chris-Sutton cut Redknapp off impatiently as he mocked the people from Chambord, “So what can you do even if what you said are true? There will be people coming to prove if they are innocent after I put these reckless low lives into the prison at the Knight Palace.”

“Locking them up at the Knight Palace?” Redknapp was shocked, “How can you do that? The Chambord King is a member of royalty who was canonized by Emperor Yasin……” You have to know that the prison of the Knight Palace locked up serious offenders who committed crimes like treason. Since the establishment of Zenit, no one was able to walk out of the Prison at Knight Palace alive. From what Chris Sutton said, it seemed like he was trying to wipe out these people from Chambord! Why did he want to do that?

“Hahahah, what a joke! What a joke!! Royalty?” The expression on the young knight’s face seemed like he heard the most ridiculous joke. He pointed at Fei’s forehead with his golden knight lance and sneered, “How can a bunch of savages and a low bumpkin king be royalty? How can they deserve the honor from the empire? They are a bunch of shady bastards who stole the honor! They are stains to the empire, so let me get rid of these stains for the empire myself!”

The young knight didn’t pay attention to Redknapp anymore. He rode the strange beast towards Fei. When he was only about ten meters away, he raised his head and said with a commanding tone, “I will give you guys the last chance, if you drop your weapons and give up your Roaring Flame Beasts and surrender, I won’t kill you all here now…… just a reminder, be fast! I’m not that patient.”

“Dumb fuck!” Fei curled his lips.

“What did you say?”

Chris Sutton was stunned. He wasn’t sure if he was hearing right, “How dare anyone talk to me like that?”

But what was waiting for him was the mocking from the king of Chambord. Sutton was instantly enraged! With his blonde hair fluttering in the wind, he asked Fei with a murderous tone and flames shooting out of his eyes, “You dare say that again?”

“Dumb fuck! Dumb fuck! Dumb fuck! Dumb fuck!……” Fei looked at Sutton as he got playful. “Do you really think you are important? Daddy is going to say it a hundred times, what are you going to do?” Fei laughed.

“You………. Ok! You are a bunch of savages. I will kill you first!”

The young knight shouted as he lightly shook his lance out of anger.

Tink!

A beam of silver metal warrior energy shot out of the body of the golden lance.

The metal warrior energy formed into a silver lance that was about ten meters long and dashed towards Fei while creating a half meter deep trace on the ground as it moved! It caused the rock to explode and the land to shake. Sutton didn’t hold back his power at all!

A master would know if the opponent was good or not.

This attack was a test from Sutton, but everyone’s face changed color as it was very powerful. Even though they only felt the wind that was created by this lance made out of warrior energy, they felt like there were numerous knives being dragged across their skin. People who were strong felt the pain, and people who were a little weak were already backing off as blood appeared on their skin.

Only someone who was beyond a five star warrior could make such a scene.

Everyone felt like the huge silver knight lance made out of warrior energy was the god’s decree, and nothing could ever stop it.

The name of the Ten Executive Knights of the Imperial Knight Palace wasn’t famous for nothing.

Fei who was being targeted felt the huge threat. However, he sat on Blacky and suddenly punched out when the silver lance was about 30 centimetres away from him.

The punch felt weak and soft.

But something magical happened! The silver lance made out of warrior energy that was ten meters long suddenly paused in mid-air, as if it bumped to something unmovable. It wouldn’t make any more progress after that.

Chapter 189: The Hardest Battle Yet (Part Two)

Boom!

As if the silver lance couldn’t handle the force, it exploded into piece after numerous cracks appeared on it. The silver warrior energy that formed the lance lost control and shot out in all directions like numerous small knives. All the trees and mountains around the battle were affected! They were all damaged, and even a layer of soil on the ground was removed. Dust was sent flying to the sky, and the scene was shocking.

What was more magical was that even though the silver warrior energy caused a mess, people behind Fei seemed to be protected by an invisible shield. Nothing happened to them! Fei sat on Blacky calmly. Not a single speck of dirt got onto his clothes, and his hair didn’t even move.

After a moment, the dust fell back down.

“Huh? Ok, you have qualified to be my opponent……” After seeing what happened, the young knight in golden armor was surprised as if he didn’t anticipated it. But in the next moment, the arrogant came back to him. “I was born in the noble Chris Family. By two years of age, I grabbed onto a lance. By three years of age, I formed warrior energy. By six years of age, I became a knight servant. By ten years of age, I joined a knight retinue. By fourteen years of age, I already participated in battles and killed generals and chopped down flags. By fifteen years of age, I entered the Executive Knightage of the Imperial Knight Palace and by sixteen years of age, I advanced to one of the Ten Executive Knights and the future candidate of Imperial Martial Saint. You should be proud that you can take one of my strikes. However, that doesn’t mean I would tolerate a savage like you to stain the glory and the honor of the empire! You have to use your life to wash off your crime!”

The young knight got closer and closer to Fei with a proud expression on his face. As if he was self-murmuring, he told everyone his glorious journey as he tried to destroy Fei’s confidence.

“Damn, dare comparing with me?” Fei sneered as he said: “I was born at a community hospital via caesarean section. By three years of age, I went to kindergarten. By six years of age, I advanced to elementary school. By twelve years of age, I went to junior high. By fifteen years of age, I went to high school. By eighteen years of age, I went to university. I had the title of “Three Good” Student every year, and I was the class monitor in my class too. My average had never dropped down to a lower grade in nineteen years, and my mark never went below a ninety. My instructor would always praise me at every parent-teacher conference, and I only failed eleven tests in university……“ Fei spit out a bunch of facts with an even more arrogant expression on his face. “Can you match up with these?” he asked.

Although he didn’t know what Fei was talking about, the young knight in golden armor was provoked by Fei’s disdain look since what Fei said sounded very legit.

“Ok, I will give you the opportunity to fight me fairly, and I will let you know that the battle of the throne isn’t something that your low class savage self can participate in! I can kill you all with my pinky!”

The young knight turned into a silver flame that was soaring up into the sky. In a few dashes, he appeared on top of the southern mountain of the Dual-tower Mountain. He stood there firmly and didn’t move at all despite of strong wind. He looked like a god of war who was waiting to be beat.

“Hahaha, great! Let me see how you can kill me with your pinky finger!”

Fei instantly replied. His desire for battle skyrocketed as if it was a pot of boiling water that was being heated continuously. Since he came to Azeroth Continent and become the king of Chambord, the arrogant young knight in front of him was one of the four masters who had made him feel danger. The other three were [One Sword], the white haired elder, and [Zenit’s God of War] Arshavin. Compared with weak opponents who couldn’t take a beating, a worthwhile opponent triggered the barbarian blood inside of Fei. As Fei laughed, he dashed to the northern mountain of the Dual-tower Mountain using his physical strength.

On the peak of the two mountains, the two warriors stood.

On the peak of southern tower mountain, the golden armored genius knight didn’t hesitate to unleash all of his power.

An eye-piercing silver metal warrior energy enveloped his entire body, and it was still growing as if there was no limit. The warrior energy looked light like silk. It made a metal colliding noise as if numerous blades were smashed into each other. A bird flew by him and was turned into a bloody mist instantly after a whine; it was chopped by the warrior energy alone on the southern mountain.

On the peak of the northern tower mountain, Fei lightly roared.

Colorful flames appeared on his body instantly, and magic power surged around him. A set of tight and delicate looking armor appeared on his body. This set of armor didn’t look dull and heavy; it only emphasized Fei’s slender figure. Every component of the armor had complicated magic symbols engraved on it. With a ferocious sensation coming from them, it felt like this armor wasn’t an object, but a part of Fei’s body.

The two warrior didn’t hide their strength, and the people under the mountains were all stunned.

Cech, Torres, Oleg looked up. Although the opponent was one of the Ten Executive Knights of Imperial Knight Palace and had great fame, their king’s invincibility was already engraved in their minds. Their king’s strength was always a mystery to them despite the fact that they were very close with him. They could only tell that their king was very powerful, so this was a great opportunity for them to see how powerful the king really was.

Not too far from them, more than a hundred golden armored knights were also looking up at the peak of the mountains. Like people from Chambord, they were also very confident in their leader. However, an elder with a goatee on a thin black horse squinted his eyes; a dim light would flash by, but no one knew what he was thinking about.

At the same time, people in the Soros’ Merchant Group were also staring up at the mountain. The Elder princess who was in Chambord’s Expeditionary Force also lifted up the curtain for the first time and paid close attention along with Angela and Emma who were beside her.

……

……

St. Petersburg.

In a tall fortress looking building that had reached the clouds, a valiant looking man suddenly opened his sharp eyes. He stood up and walked to the window of the stone building. His vision flew through the dark clouds as if he saw something and said: “Who is this person? Causing little Sutton to fully unleash his warrior energy? This is making me curious!”

At the same time, a few powerful people at the holy capital sensed the familiar energy from a far.

“Huh? Little Sutton met an opponent?”

“Haha, a calm lake couldn’t make a great sailor. It’s nice to let this little kid to fail sometimes……”

“Who? Who is fighting with that annoying kid? Hehe, it would be great if he is killed!”

Several thoughts and spiritual power flashed by.

The capital St. Petersburg that was built more than a hundred years ago hadn’t had sunshine and flowers for a long time. Zenit’s Pride, this giant city that was named “Unconquerable Fortress” was cloudy for more than two weeks. It was moist and gloomy, and every resident felt an unprecedented insecurity and discomfort.

……

……

“Savage, I hope you won’t disappoint me!”

The young knight laughed as he shook his lance. A few silver warrior energy beams turned into the shape of a lance. After a moment of pause, they instantly dashed towards Fei. As if the air was tore apart, a series of loud booming sounds resonated between the mountains.

Tink!

Fei punched out and made a metal noise.

He was wearing a pair of level 6 Rare Items – [Titan Battle Gauntlet]. It had many mystic magic symbols engraved on it, as well as a bunch of black back hooks. Like layers of dragon scale, it protected Fei’s hands and forearms. Its defense ability could match any metal, and the strength of a Barbarian could be double by passing the force through it. The devastating power directly smashed onto the lances made out of warrior energy before it even got to Fei. These lances were smashed into pieces when they were about five meters away from Fei as the force was passed through the air!

“Savage, take out your weapon! Otherwise, you are no match to me!”

The young knight shouted as he leaped into the air. While he was in the air, he grabbed onto his lance with both of his hands, and the golden knight lance buzzed and vibrated. It turned into numerous phantoms as it struck towards Fei. This strike was fast as lighting and terrifying. Like a storm, it completely covered Fei in the attack while creating a loud ear-piercing noise. It made Fei feel like more than dozen sharp weapons were struck towards him.

“My weapons are fists!”

Fei laughed as he wasn’t scared. He punched out continuously with both of his fists. It wasn’t fast and wasn’t slow! Although they looked weak, the numerous lance shaped phantoms seemed to disappear as if they were snow that encountered the sun. This attack couldn’t even harm Fei’s hair.

The young knight’s face changed color. He let out a deep roar and grabbed onto the handle of the lance with one of his hands as he pushed it forward. His whole body seemed to merge with the lance as they turned into a golden silver stream of light and dashed through the air. They instantly pierced through the defense put up by Fei’s fists and targeted Fei’s heart! The tip of the golden lance let out sparks and soon turned into flames due to the high friction it was having with the air!



* * *





Disclaimer





There is no guarantee the translation is 100% correct.



* * *



ASIANOVEL.COM wishes to emphasize that this translation is for review purposes only. We do not claim this intellectual property or any rights whatsoever.



* * *



Under no circumstances would you be allowed to take this work for commercial activities or for personal gain. ASIANOVEL.COM does not and will not condone any activities of such, including but not limited to rent, sell, print, auction.





