Hail the King


HTK • Quốc Vương Vạn Tuế • 国王万岁





An ordinary student accidentally traveled into an other universe and became the king of a small kingdom. He had gotten a “Cheating Code” of life and was able to complete something extraordinary. This is the story about a king that was able to conquer continents and leave behind him an ultimate legend that will be recited between every generation to come.



Author(s):Mad Blade During Troubled Times, Warrying Blade, 乱世狂刀

Artist(s): Big Udon

Year: 2011

Country: China

Genres:Action, Adventure, Fantasy, Harem, Martial Arts, Mature, Xuanhuan

Tags:Adapted to Manhua, Aristocracy, Army, Army Building, Arrogant Characters, Assassinations, Cheats, Conspiracies, Cultivation, Cunning Protagonist, Domestic Affairs, Fanfiction, Fast Cultivation, Game Elements, Genius Protagonist, Handsome Male Lead, Healers, Jack of All Trades, Kingdom Building, Level System, Loyal Subordinates, Male Protagonist, Medieval, Military, Modern Knowledge, Necromancer, Nobles, Parallel Worlds, Pets, Polygamy, Religions, Romantic Subplot, Royalty, Ruthless Protagonist, Special Abilities, Sword And Magic, Transported into Another World, Unique Cultivation Technique, Wars

Translator(s): Imported



* * *



ASIANOVEL VERSION: 3.1

EPUB VERSION: 2.0

UUID: 477e70e0-1ec0-11e9-bcba-4dea06cc2785

USER: Zarahustra

DATE CREATED: 2019-01-23

LANGUAGE: English



* * *



More info and chapters: https://www.asianovel.com/series/hail-the-king





Chapter 190




Chapter 190

Chapter 190: The duel of the strongest (Part One)

Everyone started to chatter among themselves when they saw Fei’s defense line getting poked through.

Although people from Chambord were confident in their king, some of them gasped when they saw the scene. Even Cech, the strongest among them, couldn’t participate in this level of battle. The two men who were battling were at least mid-tier five star warriors. If they weren’t fighting on the mountains in the distance, the people watching the battle would be injured just from the energy around them. Since people couldn’t see everything clearly, they could only wonder and gasp.

On the other hand, the knights in golden armor cheered on as they saw Chris-Sutton gaining the advantage. Even Chris’ wolf, the dog like mount glanced at Blacky with a disdainful look. Blacky immediately responded and growled dangerously as it grabbed onto the ground with its paws.

“Ah, danger!” Emma who was in the luxurious magic carriage gasped and opened her eyes wide as if she was a scared rabbit.

“Don’t worry, Alexander is safe!” The Elder Princess who was silent spoke to comfort her. As she patted Emma on the shoulder, she looked at Angela who was sitting beside her. She discovered that this pure girl wasn’t afraid about her fiance’s situation at all. She just opened her eyes wide and stared at what was happening on the mountains. From her calmness, Tanasha could tell that she had confidence in the man standing on the northern mountain.

In fact, Angela’s confidence didn’t come out of nowhere.

Tink! Tink! Tink!

A series of ear-piercing metal collision noises sounded.

Fei who was swinging his fist slowly suddenly changed up his tactics. He instantly punched out rapidly like lightning several times. Every single punch hit the golden lance accurately, and every hit reduced the color and the energy flame of the lance by a little. After three punches, the energy flame around the lance disappeared, and the lance’s body was completely exposed.

Tink!

It was another punch.

It struck the tip of the lance accurately.

The young knight was delighted. He laughed, “Such a dumb savage, you want to take on my golden lance by using your body? You are asking for shame…… Open!” As he shouted, streams of silver warrior energy charged into the lance from the young knight’s body like mercury, and the golden lance shivered in mid-air and let out a noise that sounded like the roar of dragons and tigers.

“Really? Let me see if your shitty stick can handle my fist!”

Fei was wearing the Titan Battle Gauntlets, which were level 6 items from the Diablo World. It still had the durability 50/50, and was virtually indestructible! Why would Fei be afraid of Sutton’s lance? As Fei spoke, he smashed onto the tip of the lance.

Boom!

As if there was a loud thunder, the devastating force directly smashed onto the lance and knocked away all of the silver warrior energy surrounding it. Sutton on the other hand couldn’t hold onto it no more, and the lance flew out of his hands and dashed away like a golden light.

Chris-Sutton himself was affected by this huge force as well. He flew back and barely landed on the peak of the southern mountain.

After the wind blew back, it seemed like nothing had happened.

“Great!” the young knight suddenly spoke. With his weapon knocked away, he still had a smile on his face, “I have to admit that I underestimated you savage’s fighting ability. Although you surprised me, you would be wrong if you think you could defeat me with this. The real battle starts now!”

As he said that, the young knight waved his hand, and the golden lance that was still falling d

own the mountain seemed to be pulled by an invisible force and flew back up to his hands. With his right hand pointing the lance upward at the sky, the young knight took off the necklace he was wearing with his left hand. Whoosh! After the necklace was taken off, his golden cape instantly started to flutter in the air.

Also, the young knight’s presence changed! Like a huge lance that was pointing at the sky, his strength started to increase! Fei felt like Sutton was almost going to advance through the peak of a 5 star warrior.

“Idiot, I hope your strength is good as your mouth!”

Although Fei was concerned, he didn’t hesitate to attack the young knight using his mouth.

However, he had to admit that this arrogant opponent in front of his was the strongest person that he had ever encountered. 【One Sword】only flashed by the peak of East Mountain at Chambord when he saved the Elder Princess, the white haired old man on Paris’ side was a six star warrior, and [Zenit’s God of War] Arshavin was almost a six star warrior. However, both of them were injured early on by traps and calculations from each other and lost the abilities to fight at their prime. [Hidden at Snowpeak] Dani who was a five star warrior was also injured from fights from the peak of East Mountain. All of these factors led to Fei’s relative easy victory with a lot of powerful parties. Today, this five star warrior did bring Fei the hardcore battle that he desired.

“Metal Warrior Energy…… Gold – Lance – Tsunami – Strike – !”

As the young knight roared, the silver warrior energy surrounding his body started to pile up and spread to the surroundings. Like a tsunami from the ocean, the warrior energy was spreading to the surroundings like waves. What was surprising that it seemed like there were real noise of the tsunami coming from him. The golden lance in his hands circled like lightning and finally turned into a golden blade that stood straight in the tsunami like warrior energy that was piling up behind him. When this “golden blade” appeared, all of the warrior energy seemed to pause for a second.

Chapter 190: The duel of the strongest (Part Two)

At that moment, the young knight’s strength seemed like it was already at the early stage of a six star warrior.

“Shit! Is he going to cast an ultimate or something?”

Fei instantly put his guard up and got ready to take it.

Every warrior on Azeroth Continent had their own special warrior combat techniques. Through these techniques, warriors were able to deal damage that was beyond their reach. Many time, these technique could turn fights around and flip situations. The warrior combat technique of the young knight seemed impressive! It almost created the image of a tsunami behind Sutton, so it was definitely a stronger technique compared to three star warrior Landes’ combat technique which was common to see. Sutton held back onto his warrior energy and tried to condense it even more, and the sharp wind created by this silver metal warrior energy flew everywhere. Fei’s skin was already feeling the pain caused by the wind, and the stone under his feet were continuously being ground into dust and blown away by the wind……

“This strike can no longer be taken back once it is casted. Lowly savage, you are pretty strong. If you surrender and listen to the order of the Imperial Knight Palace, I shall spare your life!” The young knight started to levitate into the air as if he was a golden armored god who was sentencing Fei at a holy court. As he shouted at Fei in disdain, his golden lance that was fixed in mid-air was already shivering uncontrollably.

Fei didn’t say anything as he sneered.

The word “Lowly savage” coming out of the young knight’s mouth angered him as blood thirst flashed in his eyes.

He punched his fists together, and a black light flashed through on the dragon scale like engravings on the Titan Battle Gauntlets. The Level 38 Barbarian’s terrifying physical strength was let out completely. The Barbarian’s strength at this moment seemed like it had created a strange atmosphere – everything around Fei froze as if a transparent swamp formed. The stone chips around Fei slowly flowed into the air as if all gravity disappeared.

“Since you are asking for it…… then die!”

The golden young knight got furious as well. He waved his right arm, and the golden lance turned into a huge dash of golden light as it struck towards Fei. The silver metal warrior energy made huge water wave sounds as it formed air-waves that struck towards Fei as well!

The shocking presence of this strike was devastating. The southern tower mountain was affect by it first. The mountain instantly exploded as stone flew in all directions. It felt like both the sky and the land were moved by this volcano eruptions like incident.

There was only one solution on Fei’s mind.

Punch!

Boom! Boom! Boom!

As Fei punched out, the huge force exploded the air in front of him. Soon, a series of vague transparent fist marks that were the size of car wheels formed in the air to encounter the gold light and the air waves. In an instant, Fei punched out at least a hundred times! There were transparent fist marks everything around him, and these fist marks together accumulated and took Sutton’s strike head on!

Boom!

The force of the collision was sent to the surroundings.

The ground started to shake as numerous cracks appeared on both tower mountains. It seemed like both of them were about to collapse.

“Shit…… the mountains are about to fall. Quick! Get away!”

People from both parties quickly backed off to avoid getting injured by the huge stones falling off of the mountains. The strike from both Fei and Sutton seemed to reach the level of six star warriors. To warriors on the Azeroth Continent, the rank of six star warriors was a huge threshold. Once a warrior got over it, it represented that he or she entered the list of true master warriors! This duel of two force that both exceeded the threshold caused the Dual-Tower Mountain that existed for numerous years to collapse!

Sky-high dusts blocked everyone’s sight.

Tink! Tink! Tink!

A series of sparks appeared as two figured changed their positions continuously in the sky that was almost covered up by dust.

Streams of silver warrior energy would fly around and let out surprising force. Rolling stones that were touched by these energy were turned into dusts within seconds. Sometimes, spillover energy would tear up the ground while the young knight’s roars, Fei’s laughter, and loud noises that sounded like huge waves resonated in the sky.

Boom!

After a loud explosion, it seemed like the two figures separated.

“It’s over? Who won?”

Everyone stared at the high ground as the dust slowly dissipated. Everyone’s heart started to race as they knew that the result of the battle would be uncovered when all the dusts was blown away. Although they were all confident in the leader of their party, that battle was way too intense. To them, it was like a fight of the gods! Mountains fell and the ground tore as a result! It was impossible for them to stay calm at this moment.

Finally, the dust was blown away.

Two figures appeared clearer and clearer in everyone’s eyes.

Red blood slowly dripped to the ground one drop after another.

Everyone was shocked.



* * *





Chapter 191




Chapter 191

Chapter 191: Winner Revealed (Part One)

Under the heavens, at the summit of the broken mountain peaks.

Two shadows proudly stood. As the wind blows, their clothes made fluttering sound.

The reason why everyone below the mountains were dumbfounded was that they finally saw the outcome of this battle. On the mountain top, everywhere on the Chambord King Fei’s body – neck, face, earlobes, shoulder bone, arm, waist… there were thick and thin wounds. Each wound looked as if it was opened up gently by a razor. No scars could be seen but blood kept on coming out from these subtle wounds, forming little blood beads and then drops. And then, the drops ultimately became a little stream along that esoteric armor of his, down to those gloves that were repaired with black dragon scales, and then dripping onto the mountain top below his feet.

And on the south mountain peak, Fei’s opponent – the golden knight Chris Sutton, with a golden spear in hand that was slightly tilted and pointing towards the sky. Not a single trace of dust was on his golden armor. His stalwart body stood straight upright, and the mountain top wind blew wildly, making his blond hair flow like a waterfall. He was as dazzling as the sun, there was not a single trace of injury on his body, and he stood there like a mountain.

The Chambord King was defeated?

The Golden Executive Knight won?

Seeing this scene, the two crowds began reacting completely different below the twin towering mountains.

The golden knights of the Imperial Knight Palace raised the long spears in their hands up high and cheered, not even trying to hide their fanatical worship of their leader at all. Then, behind those people, on top of a thin horse with withered hair, the insidious-looking old man with a goatee finally smiled and satisfyingly nodded. No one knew what he was thinking about.

And then on the Chambord side, Pete Cech, Oleg, and Torres, those three frowned as they observed the battle’s situation over and over. Judging by the level of injury on His Majesty and the Golden Knight, it seemed like Fei lost. However, the three also had a strange feeling that they were forgetting about something…

“Ahh… Alexander… he’s hurt!” Inside the Elder Princess’s magic carriage, the blond loli Emma tightly covered her mouth. There were tears flashing at the corner of her eyes. At that moment, the little loli seemed to have forgotten that the guy at the mountain top was the noble king, and she was just a maid, yet she unexpectedly called the king by his name.

The elder princess’s deep blue eyes still seemed as calm as always, the startled look instantly flashed past her eye. Beside her, the little girl Angela who had always been very quiet still had her beautiful eyes wide open. Looking at the figure that was covered in blood as if he had just crawled out from a bloody pool, a magical light shined passed Angela’s eyes. It wasn’t panic or nervousness, but an unprecedented belief and calmness!

At the front of both armies.

The big black dog and the strange wolf beast seemed to have detected something. The rolling-thunder-like low roar sounded from both throats. Their eyes were locked onto each other, and all the fur on their backs erected and became steel-needle like. The two beasts released a dangerous scent that would terrify everyone.

…

…

A thunderbolt suddenly flashed between the clouds.

The ear-deafening thunder suddenly lingered beside the ears of everyone that lived in St. Petersburg.

The black fortress towered into the cloud, and the tip of the tower was like a sword inserted into the deepest region of heaven.

On the top of the tower in front of a curved window, a big and tall man with knife-like brows suddenly revealed a f

ace of surprise. His vision traveled past tens of thousands of miles, and it seemed that he saw something very surprising. Then, he thoughtfully brushed his chin and smiled, “Interesting, I did not expect such an interesting ending. This really made me more and more look forward to how things unfold in the future!”

“Ahahaha, completely unexpected!”

“A big surprise. Maybe the Zenit’s Military Exercise will become more interesting this time!”

“Great! Worth the anticipation!”

“Hehe, another empire elite is born?”

Not long ago in the skies above the Empire’s capital, a few terrifyingly powerful spiritual presences awakened. They seemed to have sensed something, and with surprise, they swept through the overcast sky and disappeared immediately after.

The dark clouds above the Empire’s Capital, seemed to have become more intense and gloomy.

…

…

At the tip of the two mountains.

“I’m curious, did that woman Paris ask you to deal with me?” Fei suddenly asked.

Blood kept seeping out of his thin wounds. Despite the barbarian’s powerful physical strength, the remaining silver battle energy left inside his wounds couldn’t be expulsed right away. It’s just like countless invisible wind blades constantly cutting into the wound, pulling it open again the moment it started healing.

The terrifying residual battle energy had entered Fei’s body when the two clashed earlier. When faced with a terrifying opponent, for someone like Fei that liked to fight head on, it was impossible to avoid any injury.

After being silent for a moment.

The Golden Knight finally spoke.

“Lady Paris forbade me to come look for trouble from you. However, as one of the ten Execution Knights of the Imperial Knight Palace, do I need a reason to look for a barbaric king’s trouble? Poor savage, all the things you did, each every one of them is enough to put you on the execution seat of the Knight Palace!”

“Haha, is it? That’s a shame, you don’t seem to be able to do it!” Fei smiled and said.

Right after his voice faded, something strange happened.

Chapter 191: Winner Revealed (Part Two)

Click…~

With a slight sound, almost inaudible yet like a clock tower that resounded between heaven and earth.

A tiny crack appeared in Sutton’s golden spear. Then, with the click sounds becoming more and more frequent, more and more cracks appeared on the golden spear and very quickly covered the entire spear, as if someone used ink and drew countless black lines on the whole golden spear. Then, immediately after, this golden spear that Sutton paid a significant price to forge and had treated like his own life, just like a beautiful porcelain jar that suddenly fell on the ground, crumbled into pieces and became like the dust as the wind blew past. It was like tens of thousands of golden butterflies dancing and withering, and soon ceasing to exist!

“I swear, the next time I see you, you will be sent to the judgement seat of the Knight Palace!”

The young Golden Knight boy saw the Golden Spear that turn into dust and get blown away by the wind. He couldn’t help but felt a wave of pain. However, he wasn’t surprised because he already noticed a long time ago that his weapon was already shattered by his opponent’s terrifying fist force back when the battle initiated. The spear was just barely holding together by his own energy.

“Next time we meet, the result will be the same!”

Fei pouted in disdain. If it wasn’t for so many eyes watching from below the mountain, maybe this so-called genius wouldn’t even have the second chance.

After a purple flaming light flashed past, the wounds on Fei’s body miraculously healed.

In an instant, Fei endured severe pain when he used brute force to expel the already-weakening sharp hostile energy residue from his opponent. Accompanied by the [Vitality Potion] that he drank in secret, those tiny and dense wounds that were consistently bleeding out blood bleeds all disappeared without a trace. If it wasn’t for the remaining traces that the Golden Knight’s lance left on the armor, no one could tell that Fei just went through a shocking fight.

In contrast to the sudden revival of Fei, the Golden Knight’s situation was in a nosedive.

Clicking click clicky click clickidy click…!

The faint yet continuous sounds kept coming. This time, the thing that shattered like glass was that glorious awesome-looking golden armor of the knight. It was the same as a few seconds ago when his golden lance was broken. Cracks began spreading from bottom to top, all the way to the helmet. Ultimately, not even this set of golden armor could maintain its integrity, and suddenly shattered off Sutton’s body like a cracked egg, drifting away in the wind…

Along with the drifting wind, there was also the lining of the armor and cloth below the armor.

As one of the majestic execution knights of the Imperial Knight Palace, the Chris Sutton that was known as the Golden Sun Knight, now actually stood at the top of the southern mountain top all naked in front of everyone’s eyes. From top to bottom, all naked. Even the most private part, his Sutton Jr. aka aka his little brother wasn’t covered.

“Barbarian, the humiliation you gave me today, one day, I will let you pay back in hundredfold!”

The Golden Knight Sutton’s eyes burned with a flaming spirit. He stood so straight and tall on the mountain top without the slightest feeling of awkwardness with his nakedness. Or maybe it was because of the fact that he was naked, he had to stand with his back even more straight. It wasn’t that bad to be naked, but what drove him crazy was how easily he was defeated. However, this young genius character still showed how he differed from ordinary people. He maintained his calm, and stood against the wind.

But suddenly, something terrifying happened.

Streams of blood mist started pouring out of this Golden Knight’s body without any warning. There was not the slightest wound on Sutton’s body. The blood seemed to be flowing directly from the pores. It turned out that his muscle, skeleton, and the five organs, had long been injured by Fei’s savage punch. Before now, he had been trying to supress the injury with powerful energy, but until this moment, he finally couldn’t hold it anymore, and the injury instantly broke out like a flood.

With his mind slowly entering the abyss, the Golden Knight couldn’t even stand steady. He staggered a little, and finally he could no longer support himself, and fell towards the bottom of the mountain like a piece of wood after being blown by the wind.

“Oh right, I forgot to tell you. I’m not f*cking interested at all about the retarded fight for the empire shit throne. You better not mess with me. Also, my patience is the same as yours, not very good!”

Before completely losing consciousness, Sutton heard that last sentence from that barbarian king.

The crowd exclaimed under the mountain.



* * *





Chapter 192




Chapter 192

Chapter 192: Famous after One Battle! (Part one)

Sudden turn of event!

No one would’ve thought that at the end of battle, the outcome would take such a dramatic turn in an instant.

The Golden Knight that once seemed to be at an absolute advantage actually lost completely within an instant. His golden armor and even his golden lance were destroyed after the battle. Everyone below the mountain became completely dumbfounded. Especially those hundred or so Golden Knights. They all just stared as Chris Sutton’s body fall from the mountain top, they were all scared shitless, and couldn’t be in time to rescue him even if they wanted to.

Just at that moment, the giant wolf-like beast released fierce light out of its eyes. With a low roar and a stomp with all four legs, it immediately turned into a stream of yellow thunder. Using the broken rocks as stepping stones, it charged up and firmly caught the falling Golden Knight Sutton. Then, this bastard roared towards Fei once. Knowing that it was no match, the beast just carried the fainted Golden Knight on its back and ran like lightning towards the Empire Capital’s direction.

“Hurry…. Protect His Excellency!”

The knights of the Imperial Knight Palace shouted, they just ignored the Chambord Expedition army in front of them, turned around and chased after that mount. At the back of the army, the old man with a goatee’s face completely paled. He became dumbfounded for a few seconds, then with a look of disbelief in his eyes, he took an unwilling look at the figure still standing on the northern mountain top. A cold feeling rose in his heart, and suddenly he turned around, smacked his skinny horse on the ass and ran like flying.

Swish-!

A sharp wind pierced the sky, whipping past his ear and landing on a six meters high boulder on the side of the path. The boulder collapsed into pieces, and dust was everywhere.

“Anyone that dares to abet others to become the enemy of Chambord, the end for them will be like this rock.”

Chambord King’s voice sounded beside this insidious-looking old man’s ear like roaring thunder, and the goatee old man Alpha just felt his heart trembling and didn’t dare to make any excuse. He just covered the cut on his ear in embarrassment and fled in panic, his grey hair flying all over the sky.

Fei stood on the north mountain top and watched the Golden Knight group of people disappeared into the horizon.

In the course of the brief fight, Fei incisively and vividly felt the arrogant character of the so-called Golden Sun Knight, one of the ten Execution Knightage of the Imperial Knight Palace. Although he was arrogant to the extreme, due to the subtle connection between martial art practitioners, Fei was almost sure that all the underhanded tactics of poisoning water, summoning wolves, breaking mountains from earlier weren’t instructed by this proud knight.

Fei carefully thought about some of the reasons. He soon fixed his eyes on the wretched and sinister goatee old man that was standing behind all the knights, and he immediately made sense of everything. This old man should be a character that was similar to an adviser. Just by his perverted look, all the events happened earlier could presumably be instructed by this person who thought himself as someone super smart. Towards characters like these that always plotted against others backs like a snake, Fei never had any favorable impressions. If it wasn’t for that Fei didn’t have any concrete evidence that everything was indeed instructed by this guy, the goatee old man right now would have probably become a pile of diced meat.

Taking off the magic armor that was already reaching the bottom limit of its durability, Fei cleaned up the shirt on his body, and then jumped straight down the northern moun

tain top, activating the barbarian skill [Jump] a few times, flashed a few times, and instantly arrived at the bottom of the mountain.

“Long live Your Majesty!” The most excited warden Oleg resumed his kiss-ass nature instantly, raised his arms, and then a loud “kiss-ass” statement flew right out.

But this time, no one laughed at Oleg.

Because they were all doing the same thing as Oleg. Even Petes Cech who was always silent felt that his whole body was blood-boiled, as if something in his brain was about to explode… Incredible, too incredible… Before then, everyone from Chambord knew that their king was very strong, but no one would expect him to be powerful enough to completely confront one of the Empire’s Execution Knights!

“Woof woof wooffffffffffffffffff!!”

The big black dog also joined in, cheerfully waving its tail, opening its mouth and then let out a loud roar.

“Alexander…”

A pleasant voice sounded from a distance. The future queen Angela was like a happily dancing beautiful white butterfly, picking up her white dress, jumping down from the Elder Princess’s magic carriage in the distance, sprinting past the crowd and jumping into Fei’s arms.

Chapter 192: Famous after One Battle! (Part Two)

Smelling the faint fragrance coming to his nose, feeling the soft and warm body in his arms, Fei felt warmth in his heart. The so-called hero and beauty, even a steel-like man would wish there to be a beauty appearing beside him after a battle of life and death, and give him a warm embrace. And at this moment, Fei felt the volcano eruption-like passion of a young girl, after feeling touched, he also felt a little guilty… The battle just now probably made her worry a lot!

On the magic carriage in the distance, the other two women’s expressions were also delightful.

The blonde loli Emma started smiling, even though the snow white skin of hers still had traces of tears left. Looking at Angela and Alexander embracing each other in everyone’s cheers, at this moment, this little loli with a little freckles and a little stubborn personality suddenly felt an unprecedented calmness and ease. In her bright eyes, the scenes of Angela taking care and protecting the Alexander in the past who didn’t have a clear mind began surfacing again…

And the Elder Princess, her ocean-wave-like eyes observed the place where Angela just sat in the carriage. On the faint purple velvet blanket there was a clear fingerprint crease. It came from being gripped by someone under extreme tension. Seeing this, the Elder Princess’s slightly skinny yet delicate cheeks emerged a smile, “I thought this little girl really was confident in her love and wasn’t worried at all, but this is actually the case…”

However, this wise Elder Princess didn’t realize, for a simple and young little girl, how difficult and courageous it is for her to forcefully maintain confidence towards her loved one in such an intense situation.

At a little distance, the Soros Caravan was stunned.

The shock in their hearts could hardly be described.

Especially manager Harry Redknapp, the charming young woman Sherry in the red dress and the young swordsman in a white robe beside her. They all found what they saw to be very hard to believe. Perhaps the people from Chambord didn’t know what the victory of this battle means, but these three knew. It was the Golden Sun Knight Chris Sutton, one of the ten Execution Knightage of the Imperial Knight Palace, the most admired super genius of the entire empire, the future star of the Empire’s martial arts. Although Sutton was only 16 years old and had slightly less experience in comparison to the other nine knights, he was still one of the symbols of the imperial’s cutting-edge force. A subsidiary kingdom’s king being able to defeat an execution knight of the Imperial Knight Palace, that was something that had never happened before. It was only the shadowy [One Sword] legend that was able to do this, but he had never challenged an Execution Knight like this…

In short, the Chambord King had created history.

If in a more complicated view, Redknapp could almost be certain that the result of this battle could affect the future direction of this heated battle for the Empire’s throne.

Now the empire’s situation was becoming growingly complex, with Empire Yaxin’s body weakening by day, and the two princes Dominguez and Arshavin each holding significant power with a lot of ministers supporting them. The infighting between them was becoming increasingly hot both under broad daylight and in the dark. However, being able to secure the neutral parties like the Knight Palace and the several Empire Martial Saints had been the top priority of these two princes, because the cutting-edge martial strength would play a crucial role in the battle for the throne. But at this sensitive moment, what does it mean to have a young elite on par of the strength of Knight Palace suddenly appearing out of the blue? It’s just like a legendary sword that could deliver a fatal blow to the enemy had suddenly appeared, and whoever had this sword in his hand would have a higher chance to ascend to the power and glory of the supreme throne!

Looking at the almost destroyed twin towers, the manager in black robe was filled with mixed emotions.

He clearly knew, after this stop, Chambord King Alexander’s fame would be thoroughly casted. From now on, he was afraid that no subsidiary kingdom within Zenit Empire would dare to provoke the prestige of the Chambord King. And then within the Empire, this news would spread sooner or later, and by then, he was afraid that the Chambord King would be the focus of all major powers, and as for whether he will become the most honorable guest or a hindrance, it will depend on which prince this young king chooses to support.

And the broken twin mountains will always be a testament to the horrifying battle that had taken place here today.

It may not take a long time before poets began gathering here to gather inspirations. Perhaps they will really create a lot of beautiful and magnificent poetry ballads to celebrate the rise of the genius-like young man, who would ultimately become the attention of the whole continent one day.



* * *





Chapter 193




Chapter 193

Chapter 193: The Brave is the Conqueror (Part One)

The cheering crowd took a long time to calm down.

This time, everyone’s eyes on Fei completely changed. Especially those guards of the Soros Caravan that were still a looking down on this subsidiary kingdom’s peasant king who was used to seeing all kinds of nobles and elites. However, the way they looked at Fei was filled with respect and worship now. This was the natural reaction of the weak to the strong. On the land of Azeroth governed by the rule of the jungle, the strong were respected, and all issues were resolved with fists and weapons.

The team set out after a slight reorganization.

The victory of this battle dispelled all the notions of sneak attacks ahead of the expedition team’s journey. Now with an elite capable of defeating the Execution Knights on the team, unless someone was really tired of living, people wouldn’t even have enough time to suck up to Fei, let alone sneak attacking. It was basically suicidal!

So, everyone advanced full of confidence.

Fei comfortably rode on the big black dog’s back with the beauty in his arms.

He went past the twin towering mountains. Now, there was only a hilly region ahead of them and then it would be a vast plain. The expedition team’s remaining journey would be a smooth road with no more danger, and it would be expected that they would arrive at the Empire Capital in a little more than a day.

However, just as they were about to pass the hilly region, Fei suddenly looked back. Just at that moment, don’t know why, Fei suddenly had a feeling inside his heart. A strange kind of feeling lingered in his heart, as if in the distant the Chambord City encountered something…

…

…

Rumble~

The whole prairie trembled and the earth was wailing.

The cavalry that was like a flood appeared in the distance on the border between sky and earth. The long flags flying in the wind were like many little black dragons, ferociously advancing in the sky. All the flags were black, and on top of them there was a simple and ugly painting of a steel knife dripping blood and a white skull. This was an unknown army completely dressed in black armor. The leading cavalry units’ horses, armor, helmet, and armor had no symbol or markings. It was obvious that they deliberately hid their identity.

All 2000 cavalry soldiers were like a black torrent that was murderously galloping over.

In front of them, on a slightly uplifted hill, a red figure and a black figure stood up tall, like two towering stones. They fearlessly faced the torrent, quietly waiting for something.

The distance between the two sides was getting closer.

“This is the Taurus Golden Knight Didier Drogba under the Chambord King’s command. The advancing army should listen up! You guys already invaded Chambord’s territory. I will give you ten breaths of time to turn around and leave, otherwise…. We will kill without pardon!”

The knight on the hill suddenly shouted. His voice rolled out so loudly that it pierced the heavens and travelled far away, unexpectedly suppressing the sound of thousands of horses galloping.

But-

Pew!

The other side’s response was an even louder arrow.

With a burst of deafening wailing that pierced through space, the arrow was shrouded in a faint color of flame, akin to a falling meteor from heaven.

“Not good… Didier, be careful!” Lampard’s face changed.

He saw that the arrow contained a strong fire element with terrifying and lightning-like momentum. That was an arrow shot out by an elite that was at least an intermediate 3-star. He was worried that Drogba would pay a price for underestimating the shot, so he took a step up and punched into the

sky. A silver thunder burst out from his fist and hit directly onto the arrow. After a big boom, an explosion appeared in the sky, and an invisible air wave scattered towards all directions destroying all plantations nearby!

“Son of a b*tch, show some respect!” Drogba flew into rage.

He looked around, reached and took down the giant axe that was hanging on the side of his horse. Then with both hands using full strength, he threw it towards the enemy. After the transformation by the [Hulk Potion], both arms had at least tens of thousands of pounds of force. The axe was rotating and whistling frantically, seemingly to even be a level higher than that red arrow.

This axe was actually thrown out more than 200 meters by him.

The knight that shot the arrow before saw the situation and didn’t dare to block head on. With the flaming red energy flashing on his body, he instantly leaped into the air and dodged it. His movement was extremely agile, and he returned to the back of his horse with another flash. He was clearly an elite.

Chapter 193: The Brave is the Conqueror (Part Two)

However, the ones that followed behind him weren’t so lucky.

Before the first one could react, he was sliced directly by the giant axe. Without letting out a single sound, he was hacked into halves, with the bottom half still riding on the horse while the upper half already fallen to the ground and trampled into minced meat. Even so, the axe kept on going with the same momentum and the 6 or 7 fully armored knights also met the same tragic end. Instantly, a blood-red countercurrent appeared inside the black torrent of knights.

“Damn it, charge and kill him!” The fire-element knight shouted, pulling out the long sword on his waist and gritting his teeth.

The black torrent quickened their speed of propulsion and became even more blatantly mad.

Pew pew pew pew!

Sharp sounds pierced the sky and four long swords covered in all kinds of energy light instantly began bursting out random shots from the black torrent.

“Oh sh*t, there are pros on the enemy side! The two of us can’t handle them!”

The moment Lampard heard the sound, his face changed immediately. Those sword shots showed great force, meaning that there were at least 4 elites that were level 3 and above. In addition to the 2000 cavalry troops, the enemy force was not something that Drogba and him could handle on their own.

“Frank, don’t worry, let’s just give these bastards some greeting gift, hehehe…”

Drogba said as he took off three other axes. Under the terrifying strength, the giant axes spun like tornados that are about to crush the dimension, and they set off three more blood countercurrents in the opposition’s black torrent.

“Damn it…”

“Sinful people…”

“Kill!”

Before even encountering, Drogba’s four flying axes already killed 40 or so people, making those four masters at the front that were flashing different colors of energy light can’t help but roar in anger. In the blink of an eye, the distance between the two sides were less than 100 meters, and the sky-covering arrow rain began coming down towards those two.

“Quick, retreat!”

The two jumped on Crimson Flame Beasts and raised dust behind their asses. The tier 4 Crimson Flame Beast’s speed far exceeded the military horses. They instantly left the battlefield and began retreating towards Chambord City.

Three kilometers away.

More than 100 of Chambord City’s soldiers were standing on a hill. The one in the lead had black fall-like hair, and was covered in an unique black armor. There was a five feet long five fingers wide long sword by his waist, and his face was all majestic, solemn, and full of justice. This was the military overlord of Chambord City, Brook.

Chambord’s reinforcements were here!

About 5 meters from where the reinforcement was stationed, there were 600-700 rescued exhausted Chambord mine slaves that were rushing into the city under the help of compatriots that came out to welcome them. As long as they entered the city, then the Chambord army could take advantage of the terrain to defend, and it might not even be a problem to completely counter-annihilate these enemies that just showed up of no where.

“Lord Brook, there’s a change in situation. There are four aces in the enemy formation!” Frank and Drogba came to Brook and reported all the details about the encounter.

Brook’s face changed, but he quickly assumed his calmness, “No problem, we just need to stall them for a quarter of an hour, and we can retreat back to the city to defend.” He frowned and thought for a second, and at the next instant, a series of decisive orders quickly flowed down the army. Brook’s prestige was high. Everyone immediately took command and began preparing.

Very soon, the rumbling black iron torrent appeared in their sight, and those four aces that were flashing different color of energy were most noticeable.



* * *





Chapter 194




Chapter 194

Chapter 194: Self-Created Killing Technique – Sky Frost Fist (Part one)

After entering Zenit Empire’s territories, both the Chambord’s Expeditionary Force and Soros’ merchant group were relieved.

In this imperial territory, no affiliated kingdom dared to attack the people of Chambord. Otherwise, even the king of level 1 affiliated kingdom would be arrested by the Executive Knights and be executed for committing crimes such as treason or conspiracies. There were no room for refute, and there won’t be any hesitation or exceptions.

This was the power of the parent empire.

Fei who came to his parent empire for the first time was very curious.

He could clearly sense that the atmosphere in the parent empire’s territories was completely different from other affiliated kingdoms. The surroundings seemed stricter. As soon as Chambord’s force entered the territories, Fei saw numerous guard posts and security blockades that were hidden at different places. Other than that, there were more fully armed imperial cavaliers who were patrolling the area. They were formed into many teams, and their paths and time management were so strict that it seemed like they formed a huge net looking down from the sky. With tall watch towers, they could guarantee that no one could get into the area without being discovered.

The Expeditionary force from Chambord and Soros’ merchant group only proceeded about a dozen kilometers forward into the territory, but they were stopped and questioned about ten times by the soldiers of Zenit. Their questions were so detailed that they made Fei feel like he was being treated like an enemy.

This phenomenon surprised Fei, but at the same time, Fei felt strange about it.

“The atmosphere seems strange, this is weird. Even if Zenit’s military power is great, it shouldn’t be this strict. This gave me the feel of preparing for a big war that is about to occur. Very interesting.”

Fei carefully observed and wondered to himself.

“Maybe it’s because of the Military Exercise that is about to occur. There would be elite soldiers from 250 affiliated kingdoms, so they have to be cautious about it.” Fei could only think of this one explanation.

It had been a day since the battle at Dual-Tower Mountain.

Right now, Fei didn’t relax. Because of his good habits, he was thinking about the gains that he made from the battle with Chris-Sutton. That battle stimulated Fei, and it brought him the pressure he once felt when he arrived at this world. He had the feeling that he was about to meet more powerful warriors and encounter more challenges. He had to try his best to improve his strength so he could handle the storm that was about to arrive.

For the past day, Fei made a lot of progress from thinking the battle through again.

To Fei, the biggest take away was the Barbarian’s fighting technique.

There was one thing that was true on this broad and big Azeroth Continent that gods couldn’t even avoid. Both warriors and mages had their own unique secret fighting styles. Since the creation and the improvements made by many generations of geniuses, these techniques contained a deep understanding of power and could deal unbelievable amounts of damage. Among them, warrior fighting techniques and mage chanting spells were the most powerful techniques.

The profession of mages had an unlimited need for money and resources due to its uniqueness. Therefore, there were less of them. Fei had only met a few mages since his arrival in this world, and most of them were not powerful. In fact, the most powerful mage he encountered was the former head minister of Chambord, Bazzer. Bazzer was actually only a four star mage. Since he didn’t have a mage master, he was considered a grass root mage. He had very

limited knowledge, so he was lucky that he advanced to a four star mage. After the advancement, he didn’t get to learn any level 4 magic spell, so he didn’t utilize his power. He was like a soldier without a weapon. He couldn’t fight at 100% capacity. This sequences of events gave Fei an inaccurate impression about the power of mages.

Except mages, Fei had already met a ton of powerful master who utilized their warrior energies. The strongest among them were the white haired elder on Paris’ side and [Zenit’s God of War] Andrew-Arshavin. But the person who brought Fei the most shock was the young Golden Sun Knight Chris-Sutton when they fought on the Dual-Tower Mountains.

This executive knight’s warrior combat technique Gold Lance Tsunami Strike surprised Fei.

Chapter 194: Self-Created Killing Technique – Sky Frost Fist (Part Two)

It was the first time that Fei clearly realized that such a technique could let a peak five star warrior deal the damage of a mid-tier six star warrior.

This top level combat technique had completely flipped Fei’s understanding about warrior combat techniques.

He was quite proud of the techniques such as Lightning Speed Fists and Corpse-Piling Shock Wave that he created. But he was forced to swallow the fact that these techniques he created couldn’t match up to the Gold Lance Tsunami Strike in terms of sudden explosive power. This unexpected finding reconfirmed Fei’s determination of finding higher ranked and higher quality energy training scrolls. Only after consulting with high rank scrolls could he use his Assassin Mode to add more energy connections channels in the training scrolls that he created. If Fei could add more connections and utilize their mystic powers, he could create combat techniques that could increase the explosive power of a warrior in a greater degree compared to Gold Lance Tsunami Strike.

Other than that, Fei discovered more forms of fighting for his Barbarian character during the fight with Golden Sun Knight.

Didn’t matter if it was warrior energy or the physical strength of Fei’s Barbarian character, they were all forms of power; they weren’t different on the empirical level. Unfortunately, Fei who was under the Barbarian Mode was only able to utilize the strength in a very instinctual and basic way to fight. Although this style of fighting was unconventional and did take his enemies by surprise, it was too simple compared with the fancy warrior combat techniques before Fei could actually learn the high level fighting techniques of Barbarian. On top of not being able to suddenly increase the damage being dealt, he lacked long-ranged attacks other than throwing stuff.

From that fight, Fei was surprised that he found another way of using the Barbarian’s power –

Using fist marks that could be condensed in the air to attack an opponent from afar.

During the fight with the Golden Sun Knight, Fei entered a very strange battle state when he was extremely battle thirsty under pressure. At that moment, it felt like every single cell in his body was activated. In that state, his Barbarian physical force created something special – under the full unleash of power, Fei smashed a series of semi-transparent fist marks that were the size of car wheels into the air using his devastating brutal force. These fist marks were crystal like, and the detail of the fists such as knuckles was vividly displayed on every single fist mark.

What surprised Fei the most was that every single fist mark contained 100% of the force that he smashed out. These forces were enveloped into the fist marks for a short period of time before they would just disappear, and Fei was able to stack up to 30 to 40 fist marks and strike the opponent all at once. Together, the explosive force and the damage was equivalent to 30 to 40 Feis attacking at the same time. The damage dealt by this strike already reached the attack power of a six-star warrior, and this technique was comparable to high ranked warrior combat techniques.

This was the real reason why Fei was able to turn things around when he was already injured by the metal warrior energy and defeat Sutton who had the Gold Lance Tsunami Strike.

This also made Fei understand that he should really obtain some combat techniques if he wanted to win battles at this level.

This was Fei’s new understanding of his Barbarian Mode.

For the last day after the fight, Fei had tried multiple times to enter the state he was in before and smash out transparent fist marks. He was able to master this technique after a lot of practice, and he also discovered that the strength, physical instinct, battle sense and fighting experience of his level 38 Barbarian character allowed him to stack up to 46 fist marks. This was his limit. After 46 fist marks, the first fist mark would start dispersing into the air, so he could no longer stack them together.

The strike with 46 stacks dealt the damage of a low to mid-tier six star warrior, which on its own was impressive already.

“This fist mark stacking technique is not inferior to those combat techniques, and I created it. Therefore, I have to give it a bossy name…… eh…… let me call it Sky Frost Fist! Hahah!” Fei thought about a TV series called [Wind and Cloud] and the martial art technique of the senior disciple named Qing Shuang. He thought the name was cool, so he had no shame of stealing it. In fact, he was so proud of his idea that he started to laugh out loud.

After the battle with Sutton, Fei felt like he had opened up a new gate to power. He felt like the ceiling he once felt was lifted as he knew he could use the skills of different characters from Diablo World agilely to create more versatile fighting styles. To Fei who was a thoughtful otaku, this was really fun.

“So now I have an offensive technique, what about a defensive one……”

Fei thought.

The battle style of a Barbarian could be simplified into one sentence. Only attack and no defense, only forward and no backing off. But as a king, Fei felt like the appearance of bleeding and being at the verge of death after every battle didn’t fit his image too well.

However, he wasn’t able to concentrate 100% on the stuff that was on his mind.

Because behind him, in the direction of the Chambord Kingdom, Fei felt like something was calling him for some reason. The vague yet sudden and urgent calling and summoning caused Fei to zone out and be absentminded.



* * *





Chapter 195




Chapter 195

Chapter 195: Merciless Fire, Danger of Chambord

A day before .

Outside of Chambord, the autumn wind was blowing through the dry grass .

“Charge! Conquer Chambord in one go!”

Four warriors who were at least at the four star rank charged on their horses towards Chambord with different attributed warrior energy flame enveloping them . Behind them, there were a couple kings who were dressed in shiny armors with golden crowns on their heads . Their expressions were vicious as they didn’t hid their murderous intents . Following them, there were more than two thousand black armored cavaliers who were charging like a black flood . The iron hooves stepped on the ground and caused dust to fly into the air . And in the dust, several black flags with a skeleton head and blade with blood dripping off of it fluttered in the wind like black dragons .

The entire group was like a pack of hungry wolves that were charging towards a group of fatty delicious sheep .

Finally, the continuous mountains and beautiful Chambord Castle appeared in the eyes of this bunch of red-eyed invaders .

“Charge! Kill them all!”

“Wipe out Chambord…… Conquer them! Hahaha, men over the height of the wheel shall all be killed!”

After seeing the target, every invader started to scream and shout as if they were vicious jackals who smelled blood .

About fifteen minutes ago, two guys who called themselves the golden knights under the king of Chambord appeared in front of them arrogantly and ran away after a little defense . That provoked and stimulated the morale of the invaders . The kings with gold crowns on their head laughed as they commanded their soldiers when they finally saw the castle . The long and loud bugle sounded, and the black armored cavaliers slowed down their speed . Each formation kept some distance between them, and they were adjusting their pace to save up energy for the last necessary crazy charge .

But at this moment, a change occurred –

Whoosh -! Whoosh – ! Whoosh – !

A ton of arrows suddenly shot out of the hill on the right of the cavaliers like a dark shadow . The hungry locust like arrows screamed as they dashed into these soldiers! Without their guards up, more than twenty cavaliers on the right side of the formations whined as they fell off of their horse and got stomped into meat paste by their peers who were behind them .

“There is an ambush…… they are mounted archers from Chambord . Be careful, they are on the right . ”

“Shit! They had already discovered us!”

“Haha, what ambush are you talking about? There are only thirty of them! How dare they challenge us? Kolad, take a team of fifty men and bring back those bastards’ head to me in ten minutes… . . ”

The invaders quickly discovered this raid . After seeing the number of Chambord soldiers, all of them relaxed . A king with the gold crown on his head waved his sword, and a team of more than a hundred cavaliers laughed as they broke off from the big group and charged towards the archers of Chambord who were hiding by the hill .

These cavaliers disappeared behind the hill as everyone expected a slaughter .

But in less than two minutes, something occurred as that king expected his men to return .

Whoosh! Whoosh!

A series of arrows were shot out of the bush under the hill on the right of them .

It was surprising!

The black armored cavaliers who were charging forward didn’t expect this, and many of them fell to the ground . However, the attackers soon showed themselves when more than fifty cavaliers were killed – they were another team of mounted archers from Chambord . There were only about twenty of them, but they cleverly used the hill and the tall grasses to hide themselves . Although there were only a few of them, they were great at shooting . Almost every arrow that was shot from them took down an enemy . However, the invaders didn’t really spot this fact as most of them were just charging by . The only thing that the commanders of the invaders saw was their numbers . It was obvious that twenty more people couldn’t threaten a two thousand men force . Another gold crowned king waved his sword, and another team of a hundred cavaliers separated from the group and charged at these archers .

But soon, the invaders sensed the abnormality .

There were still volleys of arrows that were being shot at them from two sides, and there were black armored cavaliers falling down from their horses continuously . In the last ten minutes, they had suffered more than four hundred causalities . What was more bone chilling was that both teams of more than a hundred cavaliers who were after these archers didn’t return; they were probably dead from what they could tell .

At the same time, about twenty mounted archers appeared behind them . These archers were fast since their horses were top quality . They used a guerilla tactic where they would back off after they successfully attacked and shoot at them from afar when the situation seemed right . These archers were like the invaders’ tails . The invaders just couldn’t get rid of them .

Under such harassment, the high morale and the unified formation seemed to be a little shattered .

“Mister, what should we do?” A gold crowned king’s face changed color . He even asked and addressed the warrior who was charging at the front and had energy flame around as mister .

“Dick, Allen . Each of you take four hundred cavaliers to clear all the mounted archers of Chambord in twenty minutes! Don’t let any single one of them survive! Gulo, you take a hundred cavaliers to watch our backs and make sure that the opponents won’t harass us anymore from the back! Everyone else, don’t worry about the archers on both sides and charge at full speed! Something must have happened, that is why they are harassing us to buy time…… sound the bugle! Charge! Speed up!!” One of the four warriors who were leading the group shouted and commanded as if he was the leader .

The other three warriors who were charging beside him nodded . Two of them waved their swords and shouted as the same time . Their voices were as loud as the thunder, and each of them led four hundred men to break off of the main group lightly and attacked the archers of Chambord on each side .

With two mysterious warriors leading the cavaliers, most of the arrows that were shot at them were crushed into pieces by these two warriors’ energy flames . With little casualties, they quickly approached the archers of Chambord who were hiding behind the grasses and hills .

The other warrior led a hundred cavaliers and left the main group from the left side . They slowed down and stayed behind the group to deal with the archers at the back . Under the lead of that warrior, they quickly stopped the archers from a hundred meters away so they couldn’t get close .

At the same time, the leader of the entire force led more than a thousand cavaliers to charge at Chambord at an insane speed .

The leader of the group was a strong knight who wasn’t wearing any helmet . His black curly hair fluttered in the air, and he looked like demon from hell with half of his face twitching and deformed . You couldn’t tell his nose apart from his mouth . Everything on his face was like wet mud; it was obvious that his face had been severely burnt . On top of his hideous face, his eyes were pitch black as if he was a demon from hell .

This man’s face was very calm as if he discovered Chambord’s forces’ intention quickly . A smile appeared on his face as he sneered in disdain . As an elite knight from the Imperial Knight Palace, he had been in more than a hundred battles, and he had extensive amounts of commanding experience . He believed that he was not inferior to the famous generals and commanders at Zenit, so he didn’t think the low lives from this remote kingdom could fool him with dumb tricks .

“The resistance of ants, such bad acting!”

The knight with the scar face could almost feel the heat from the blood that would appear on his sword soon .

At the same time –

On a high hill that wasn’t far away, Brook who was carefully monitoring the invaders was surprised . He murmured to himself: “There is someone who is great at military strategies in the enemies! This is bad…… Adjustments must be mad to the plan!”

Brook glanced around and observed the surrounding terrains a bit more as he tried to calculate the possible changes . After he considered both the man power and the number of star warriors of Chambord and the invaders, he felt helpless as he knew no one at Chambord was able to take on the four star warriors who were leading the charge . Once these four star warriors couldn’t be handled, this battle would be hard to win . On Azeroth Continent, masters like star warriors couldn’t be ignored! If there was a huge gap between the powerful warriors of the two sides, the party with little man power could potentially win just because of superior top warriors . Although the defense wall of Chambord was tall and firm, it wasn’t enough to block the invasion of four four-star warriors .

“The only strategy now was to risk everything and take them directly on!”

Brook bit his teeth and made a decision . As the man in charge of the military, he wasn’t the strongest warrior, and he was very straightforward and a little dull . However, he didn’t lack leadership and courage during battle . He had the authority, and he was decisive .

This was a part of the reasons why Fei placed Brook on such an important role .

At this moment, when faced with danger, Brook knew that he had to do something impossible to protect Chambord and execute his strategies to prove to everyone that the king didn’t pick the wrong person .

……

……

“Chase after them! Kill them all!”

The thin and short four star warrior named Dick charged on his horse with his sword risen . He was really mad! The task of taking care of thirty mounted archers of Chambord with four hundred elite cavaliers was easy in his eyes, but he didn’t expect his opponents to be this sly and tricky . They were fast, and their archery were exceptional . During this chase, he didn’t get to them, and about a hundred of his cavaliers who shot down by those archers . This was a great shame to him .

After a while, all the arrows of archers from Chambord had their arrows depleted .

The mounted archers of Chambord without arrows were like tigers without teeth and claws; they were essentially meat on the chopping board .

“Hahah, they are out of arrows, charge!”

But soon, the cavaliers couldn’t laugh anymore . The archers of Chambord soon turned to soldiers who threw axes . They all took off the axes that were hanging by the saddle and threw them at the invaders after full rounds of swinging . The axes that were the size of doors flew towards the black armored cavaliers who were unprepared for this and made them cry out loud . With the backdrop of spurting blood and broken limbs, these axes took away around fifty lives . There was only about twenty hundred fifty cavaliers; they suffered a lot of casualties .

Finally, after about ten minutes of chase, the black armored cavaliers pushed the mounted archers of Chambord into a forest under a mountain . The horses couldn’t run in here freely, so the monkey like soldiers of Chambord jumped off of the horses and escaped into the forest .

“Dismount! Run after them, kill them all!”

The leader Dick was already raged . He lost his rationality and swore that he would skin those bastards and used them as leather .

But soon, Dick regretted his actions .

Since his cavaliers dismounted and chased into the forest, they were lost in this “maze” . After a little while, the cavaliers were scattered around the forest . When Dick calmed down and wanted to command all of his men to gather back together, a strong man with a huge black sword on his back appeared in front of him .

Dick’s pupil instantly contracted .

He sensed a sense of danger from this red haired man .

“Who are you?”

Dick drew his sword as he enveloped himself in a green warrior energy .

“Leo Saint Saiya Frank-Lampard under the Chambord King is here to take away your life . ”

The red haired strong man stabbed his black sword onto the ground, and then stood there calmly . Although he looked calm, a series of light cracking noises sounded inside of him as strands of white lightning started to pop out of his body . Soon, the white lightning enveloped his body and burnt the plants and trees around him into charcoal and smokes .

“Lightning attributed warrior?” Dick was surprised . But then an excited expression appeared on his face as he licked his lips and said: “I didn’t expect it . A little Chambord Kingdom has such a warrior like you . Good, good……Great!” The green warrior energy around his grew rapidly as he said: “My hobby is to torture great warriors . This sword has chopped the heads of thirty six four star warriors . You would make the thirty seventh warrior today!”

“You are too talkative!” This was Lampard’s response .

……

At the same time, on the field to the right of Chambord .

In a field with grass that was over two meters tall

Four star warrior Allen, the leader of the other team of cavaliers encounter the same problem as his peer Dick . Almost half of his cavaliers were killed by the arrows and axes from the mounted archers of Chambord . Under the anger, he led his black armored men into this field of grass . When he entered this place, he felt like he entered an ocean of green . His opponents tried to divide his team up on purpose, and almost all of his men were scattered around in this field . In front of him now, there were two strong man from Chambord who didn’t look too friendly .

“Taurus Saint Saiya Drogba, Capricorn Saint Saiya Pierce of Chambord……Hehe, you ugly ass, you are dead for sure this time!” The two men who were big like mountains told Allen who they were as they cracked their knuckles and walked towards him while laughing viciously .

“Humph! Idiots! How are you two talk to me like that? You guys weren’t even three star warriors yet!” Allen shook the sword in his hand, and the blue, water attributed warrior energy flame exploded as two dash of sword strikes pierced towards the throat of the two strongmen like lightning .

“He is a master!”

“We are no match!”

Both Drogba and Pierce’s faces changed color as they sensed their opponent’s strength .

……

“Ready… . . shoot!”

Brook was still calm . He waved his sword forward and commanded . As his voice sounded in the air, the sounds of bowstrings vibrating resonated . The arrows screamed as they covered all the noises of the surroundings and pierced through people’s ear drums . Like locusts flying towards crops, they flew towards the black flood like enemies .

In an instant, the black armored cavaliers fells down like crops under the sickles as they whined .

This was a battle, a war!

Cruel and merciless .

As the arrows fell, blood spurted into the sky . The screams soon resonated in the sky .

The peers who were charging beside a cavalier screamed as he fell down the horse . He was instantly stomped into meat paste by the cavaliers behind him and lost his breath .

Under the full coverage of the arrows, every cavalier had to kick their horses with the spurs on their iron boots to make the sweating horses charge a little bit faster . They had to get close to the archers of Chambord in the shortest amount of time! They tilted their body forward to try to minimize their exposed body as they prayed to gods and hoped that they wouldn’t be shot by the arrows that were raining down from the sky . No one was able to dodge this level of arrow coverage, and except the kings who were protected by strong warriors and high ranking military officials, only the soldiers who were both lucky and strong could survive through this .

Fortunately, they could already see their enemies who were on a small hill about two hundred meters away .

There were only a hundred of them, and they formed a defensive formation . Looking from afar, they looked like a bunch of helpless scarecrows . This weak and powerless scene stimulated the testosterone inside every cavalier . Every one of them believed that they could stomp their weak opponent into meat paste after one charge! They also believed that they could soon charge into Chambord Castle like a storm to kill, light things on fire, rape any woman, and take away any valuables and treasures to make their lives more meaningful .

They were getting closer and closer……

There was only about fifty meters between the two groups .

The black armored cavaliers who had great eye sight could already see the scared expressions on the military officers’ faces and their trembling legs since no one was allowed to retreat . This scene stimulated the viciousness in their blood even more! Every one of them roared as they whipped their horses to make them run faster . They swung the weapons in their hands as they expected their weapons to chop off the heads of their enemies .

Only the scar-faced knight while the silver warrior energy enveloping himself with his horse frowned lightly . He had finally sensed something strange by using his instinct .

Now sure when, but a strange yet familiar nose piercing smell dispersed in the air . When he looked at the black haired enemy commander who stood straight under the strange flag of two dog head on a pair crossing axe and sword that were dripping down blood, he was frightened! The fact that this commander was standing under the flag like a nail and looked very valiant gave him a bad feeling!

“Wait, there must be a trap……” A lot of thoughts flashed through this scar-faced knight’s face . He suddenly thought of something when he smelled this scent in the air more .

However, it was too late .

Bang! Bang! Bang!

A series of bowstring vibrating noise sounded at this moment .

The scar-faced knight looked up, and his pupil contracted as he saw twenty flaming magic arrows . Like twenty meters, they dashed into this “black flood” with violent burning fires .

In the next second, the unbelievable happened –

Boom! The ground started to burn as well-

That’s right, the whole ground caught on fire .

The dry grass that were about half a meter tall instantly turned into the flames from hell that were there to take away these cavaliers’ lives . Like an erupting volcano, the red-yellowish fire appeared on the ground and licked the charging cavaliers mercilessly . The nose-piercing smell and black smoke were everywhere, and the fire quickly spread and lit the area of a kilometer in radius in just forty seconds as if it was alive . Almost every cavalier was caught inside this burning fire from hell .

The Grim Reaper appeared with no sign .

The merciless flames swallowed everything .

Numerous cavaliers who were laughing viciously and swinging their weapons were turned into flame man who were screaming and struggling . They all dropped their weapons and slapped the flames on their bodies as they tried to extinguish them . However, the flames ate their bodies as if they were the most passionate lovers on this continent . Soon, these men were killed in the fire one by one .

This scene was so majestic and terrifying that it looked like it was comparable to the forbidden fire spells in legends .

However, the scar-faced knight clearly knew that this was no forbidden spell .

The twenty fire arrows contained the surge of fire elements that he was very familiar with . He knew that they were the simplest and easiest to make fire magic arrows . There was only one reason why the entire field lit up – in this field where the grass was about half a meter tall, there was a ton of catalysts for fire that were planted here before . These catalysts for fire had a strange smell, and these special minerals could turn a spark into a burning flame in seconds . That was the source of the smell in the air, and this was the reason why the scar-faced knight was uneasy, and this was the reason the fire spread this quickly .

Not sure when, but the wind suddenly started to blow .

With the help of the wind, the fire grew bigger and stronger! Smoke soared into the sky, and screams and whines resonated on the field . Man on fire…… horses on fire…… there was fire everywhere!

The scar-faced cavalier unleashed all of his warrior energy and kept the burning fire three meters away from him .

“Everyone, listen up! Don’t be afraird, charge! Charge! Charge out of this sea of fire! There is a river at the front!”

The scar-faced knight leader roared in anger as he commanded the cavaliers to charge forward . The only way of survival was to get away from this fire as soon as possible! Since the wind blew from the north, the field fifty meters away from them where their enemies stood didn’t catch on fire . The cavaliers all knew that as long as they charged over their enemies’ defensive line, they could escape from their worst nightmare .

“Charge over, kill all of those damn people of Chambord!”

This was the only thought in the scar-faced knight’s raging mind



* * *





Chapter 196




Chapter 196

Chapter 196: I will crush your heart (Part One)

In the fire that would envelop the sky, the whining and struggling figures gradually quieted down and stopped moving.

However, lives were a miracle of their own. Even though the fire was very violent, quite a lot of the black armored cavaliers survived.

Although they were a mess, their iron armor saved them. Metal conducted heat energy quickly, but it couldn’t be lit on fire. With the minimal warrior energy that they had, the cavaliers who lost direction in the smoke protected themselves from the heat and charged out of the fire with the help of their horses were running forward and their scar-faced leader’s roar that was amplified by the use of his warrior energy.

The three gold crowned kings were less affected by the fire compared to the ordinary soldiers. They had two star warriors on their sides protecting them. Although these two warriors were only two star rank, their warrior energy was enough to envelop the kings within it and push the flames and smoke away.

The dry grasses on the plain couldn’t sustain the fire for too long. After about ten minutes, the fire toned down.

At the time, about five to six hundred cavaliers out of a thousand five hundred survived the sea of fire.

Behind them, there were still sparks appearing under the ashes. Some of the cavalier hadn’t died yet, and their limbs that were seriously deformed by the heat twitched and moved under their reflex. The scene was horrifying. The entire plain was black as if it was hell itself. It was hard to stare at. A stinky burnt smell mixed with the smell of roasted meat dispersed in the air, and people were still able to tell cavaliers from their horses by looking at the charcoal like solid objects. A slight bamming noise would sound infrequently. It was the sound of internal organs exploding inside the horses and the cavaliers who died under the flames. The red and white liquid would pop out of the charcoal like statues and explode like fireworks.

The cavalier who charged out of the fire and survived were all elite soldiers who had been to numerous battles. But now, they didn’t dare to turn their heads around and see what was happening behind them. The cavaliers who accidentally saw the hell like scene would instantly bend their backs and puke or cry out loud. Many of them lost their ability to think momentarily as their bodies shivered as if they had lost their souls. It was terrifying, it was hell.

The scar-faced leader stopped his horse and looked back as his face darkened.

He had been in more than a hundred battles, and he had successfully become a knight of the Imperial Knight Palace after he accumulated enough military merits for ten years. Since the sixteen year old boy first went on the battlefield, the burn scars on his face was his greatest medal. He considered the special executive armor that he was wearing only the second greatest symbol of authority he had, although it was from Imperial Knight Palace. Until now, he thought he grasped the essence of war and he couldn’t suffer any causalities when playing within a remote kingdom…… Who knew, he didn’t just incur some causalities, he failed big time!

“Team! Reform!” The scar-faced knight shouted, and the bugle sounds resonated again.

Among the five to six hundred cavaliers who survived, only about four hundred of them were able to fight. The cavaliers quickly organized themselves into teams, and they all charged at the hill that was about fifty meters away from them as their scar-faced leader pointed his sword forward and roared “Revenge!” so loud that it sounded like thunder from the heaven.

The scar-faced knight charged at the very front, and the rest of the black armored cavaliers followed behind him closely.

On the hill, under the strange flag

of the two-headed dog and crossed sword and axe, a black armored commander of Chambord only had less than fifty soldiers around him. It was clear that these soldiers of Chambord were in chaos. It seemed like they didn’t anticipate the invader would survive this great fire. It was too late for them to run away even if they wanted to.

The invaders could close the gap of fifty meter within ten seconds.

“Kill them! Chop their heads off! Charge into Chambord Castle, and let the bugs of Chambord taste the feeling of getting burnt!”

This was the only thought on the scar-faced knight’s and every other invader’s mind.

They were about to go crazy!

……

Tink! Tink! TInk!

A series of metal collision sounds resonated in the forest. Although it was day time, the sparks appeared under the trees were still bright and eye-catching.

Two figures flew into the air and crossed each other in a split second.

It was a direct dual of sword techniques.

When they were in the air, knight Dick struck out twenty three times, and Lampard pierced out twenty six times. The consequences of striking three times less was significant. When they both landed on the ground again, a wound that was an inch deep appeared on Dick’s shoulder, arm, and thigh.

Puff! Puff! Puff! Puff!

After a short moment of silence, more than a dozen trees that were about a feet in diameter suddenly fell down. The cut on them were so clean that the cut surface could be used as a mirror. These cuts were made by the invisible warrior energy that leaked from the sword strikes. Since the strikes were so subtle, the trees were alright when the warrior energy went through them. Only when the wind blew by did the trees fall.

“Great sword techniques!” The four star warrior Dick turned around and looked at the huge black sword in Lampard’s hand. The surprise in his eyes grew thicker as he said, “I could never have thought that a master like you would hide in Chambord Kingdom. Your sword is about forty pounds heavier than mine, but you are able to strike three times more than I. I have to admit that your technique is superior!”

“Humph.” Lampard didn’t say anything back.

Chapter 196: I will crush your heart (Part Two)

“Hehe, however, it’s quite unfortunate. Your insane sword technique couldn’t save you since you chose the wrong battlefield……” A cruel smile appeared on the thin and shout four star warrior’s face. Bright green dots suddenly flew out of the trees around him and entered his body, then the three deep wounds that were bleeding quickly recovered and disappeared. He laughed proudly: “My warrior energy attribute is wood, the most powerful healing energy attribute there is. Since there are a lot of trees around me, I’m able to absorb the wood energy from the surroundings and recover. Even if you stab me thirty times, three hundred times, I could still recover. However, every time I successfully strike you, your strength would decrease a little. Haha, when all the blood inside of you depletes, I will chop your head off and make it my thirtieth war trophy!”

“Too talkative!” Lampard sneer. He didn’t move, but the lightning surrounding him grew bigger and bigger.

“Haha, you are cool! Hehe, and I love collecting the heads of cool warriors like you……” This Dick loved to talk. He was doing it to attack his opponent’s confidence. He squinted his eyes, and small green dots would leave the numerous trees around him and envelop him. Although the trees were drying and dying at a visible speed, the green warrior energy enveloping Dick got stronger and stronger. Dick’s energy soon grew bigger than Lampard, and he licked his lips and said, “Next, try to take this strike……”

Dick moved the swords as he said.

A green light appeared on the blade of his sword, and a vivid green dragon head was formed on the blade by his green warrior energy. The dragon opened its mouth, and its sharp teeth was vivid as well. Pressure appeared on Lampard’s shoulders as if he was facing a real dragon.

“Warrior combat technique…… Green – Light – Dragon – Sword !!!”

The huge dragon head opened its mouth again, and a huge ancient looking green sword shot out of it. The sword was about four meters long, and it looked very real. It buzzed in the air as it pierced through everything in its way, including trees and rocks. Dust on the ground was also sent into the air as everything struck towards Lampard!

It was another high level warrior combat technique.

The warriors of the Imperial Knight Palace had great resources, and ordinary four star warriors couldn’t be compared to them.

The technique [Green Light Dragon Sword] had at least double Dick’s power, and this strike was on the level of the peak four star warrior…… It was an insane boost!

However, Lampard’s face didn’t even change color.

The huge sword in his hand was now stabbed into the ground. The cracking noise of lightning resonated in the forest as the lightning drew an image of an angry golden lion roaring at the sky behind him. He slowly gasped his right hand and formed a fist around his wrist. This movement seemed to have unbelievable magic. All of the lightning around him instantly condensed onto his right fist as if a whale swallowed all the water in the ocean. Then, a light silver dot appeared on his fist followed by eye-piercing silver light shining at everything around him……

For a moment, even the sunlight was enveloped by this silver light.

Dick suddenly felt like his eyes hurt, so he had to close his eyes in order to dodge the light that came from his opponent’s right fist. Then, he heard the deep roar of the red haired cool warrior.

“Lightning – Speed – Fist !!!”

“Warrior combat technique? This bumpkin warrior knows warrior combat techniques as well?”

Dick couldn’t believe what he was hearing.

He suddenly sensed a great amount of danger as he felt a vast amount of lightning energy dashing towards him. He was shocked, but he wasn’t slowed. He unleashed all of his energy and injected all of it into the Green Light Dragon Sword. The four meter long green sword instantly grew bigger.

Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom!

Numerous silver lightning bolts struck the five meter long green dragon sword formed by the warrior energy.

Then –

Crack …… crack…… crack!

A series of light cracking noise sound as Dick was shocked again. He had sensed the collapse of his green dragon sword. When it was struck by the numerous lightning bolts, each lightning bolt broke away a part of the sword at a time. Dick couldn’t do anything but to watch his four star warrior combat technique get destroyed!

Then, the residual silver lightning dashed towards him.

“How…… how is this possible?”

He opened his eye wide, but he wasn’t able to catch anything.

“Too fast. I couldn’t track his trace. I couldn’t spot his fist…… Shit…..” Dick was so scared that his soul almost flew out of his body. He quickly set up a series of green swords made of his warrior energy for defense, and backed off rapidly. He wanted to dodge this strike, but all of his defensive swords were torn apart like paper. The lightning instantly went through his body……

Then, the world fell into silence again.

“Can you use your wood energy to repair your crushed heart?”

Lampard asked coldly. His face was almost next to the terrified face of his opponent. Lampard was still in the position of punching out his right fist, but now, his right fist had pierced through Dick’s chest. In his right hand, there was a heart that was still pumping slowly.

“No……” Desperation appeared in Dick’s eyes as the strength in his body slowly deteriorated.

“Relax, I don’t have the habit of collecting heads.” Lampard’s voice sounded again.

A semi-sad and semi-happy expression appeared in Dick’s face, and it seemed like he wanted to say something.

“However…… I will crush my opponent’s heart.” As Lampard said that, he squeezed his hand. The heart in his hand turned into a bloody pulp.



* * *





Chapter 197




Chapter 197

Hail the King Chapter 197 (Part one)

“Hoho…ho…hoho…”

The short and thin Dick was struggling to say something, but his throat could only make a noise akin to a beast roaring with despair. He watched Lampard’s arm slowly emerge from his chest, the last expression of his once arrogant face was a look of regret. Then, the sword clattered on the ground, he died as soon as he ceased to breathe. Lampard lightly pushed him, and the cold body fell to the ground.

Just then, a sudden burst of fire and flames appeared in the distance, burning half the sky.

Lampard was shocked, his body flashed, and appeared on a hundred-meter-tall tree the next second.

He looked up into the distance. The flames covering the whole prairie were seen. Lampard knew that this was the army leader Brook’s handiwork. However, Lampard was once again anxious. When he thought of the other team, there was a master who was almost at the four stars peak. This fire would not have burned that killer, even if more than one thousand black cavalries would have burned. There were no pros which can contend with the killer beside Brook, the situation will take a nosedive, as long as the other side charges through the fire sea.

He had to help.

After a clear whistle, the disappearance of more than twenty Chambord archers out from the woods, have appeared under the tree.

“Lord Lampard!”

“Is everyone here? Were there any casualties?”

“Yes Lord, everyone is here. Everyone else is fine, except Andy and Taylor who suffered minor injuries. The two hundred and fifty black cavalry invaders all stayed in the woods, none of them escaped.”

“Good job. But the fight is not over yet, now divide into two groups, you guys go to support Lord Drogba and Lord Pierce immediately, I am going to help Lord Brook…… Remember, the situation is urgent and you must be fast!” Lampard looked at the twenty soldiers’ faces, some of them were still bleeding. Although they had the advantage of being on familiar terrain and killed more than two hundred black cavalries in the woods, the sacrifices made by the twenty men were also not low. However, Lampard could not think much at this time, he could only speak softly, “Take care!”. Then with a flash, he disappeared instantly.

The silver lightning roared out air, Lampard lightning rushed to the distant hills which had the two headed dog and axe banner planted on it.

At the same time, a string of hurried whistles sounded. The sound of hooves came, the horses that were deserted in the forest had come back again. The bloody Chambord soldiers rode these horses, and headed towards the grassy meadow long distance away.

In there, their brothers were still in a bloody battle for defending the homeland.

…

“Hehe, look at the two little mice, where can they escape to?”

The black knight Alan who had messy grass-like yellow hair had blue energy flames surging around his body. With just with one hand, the water blue energy crazily shot towards Drogba and Pierce like arrows, forcing them to creep away. Only two big asses could be seen between the grass indistinctly, and pools of blood.

He was playing a game of cat and mouse, appreciating the opponent’s fleeting desperate scream.

“Haha, stop and take a break! Hehe, can you guys still run away with such a severe wound and so much blood spilling out?” Alan’s yellow hair was blowing in the wind. He jumped up into the air, looked at the two men running ahead, spreaded out water-blue sword energy and then sent it like a volley, sweeping up bursts of dust and grass on the ground.

The imperial Knight Alan came with several orders from a powerful figure. Naturally, he was aware that the two people

fleeing were important people under the Chambord king. It would be a great achievement with a big reward if he could kill these two people. Therefore, he does not care that the other Chambord horse archers had escaped and just chased Drogba and Pierce.

Hail the King Chapter 197 (Part two)

After a series of energy bombardments, the grass was covered in blood. There were bloodstains everywhere, and apparently the two guys were badly hurt and shouldn’t be able to run any minute now…

The chase continued like this.

But——

After been chasing for more than ten minutes, gradually, Alan found that something was wrong.

“Strange… even if it was two buffalos, they would die after shedding so much blood. Why are two guys still full of vigour and vitality like mice? Alan stood where he was and pursued no more. Just then, he patted his head and found himself lost in the hay meadow where he had been chasing them.

“Two cowards, I am going to massacre the whole Chambord city first, let’s see how long you guys can hide!”

Alan turned his eyes, shouted loudly deliberately, then turned away.

He was not faking it this time, but really had the heart to return. If the two shitty Saint Seiya did not appear, he would leave. Although there was a credit available for killing these two Saint Seiya, he would get nothing if his other companions were one step ahead after the capture of the city. They would loot all the treasures.

“Ahah, Don’t go, you are really disappointing, we are just having fun, why do you want to leave?”

“Exactly, you still haven’t caught up with us yet?”

The two tall and muscular people appeared and started laughing. They drilled out from the thick grass behind, quickly chased out and swore at Alan, apparently not satisfied because Alan chickened out.

“Ahahah, you two cowards…”Alan laughed and turned around, still standing.

He was about to mercilessly mock the shit out of those two Saint Seiya, but the word “coward” didn’t even come out from his mouth yet before he was suddenly stunned as he stared at the things that Drogba and Pierce were carrying. It was two headless black cavalries’ bodies that couldn’t be more dead. The two men shamelessly carried them like chickens in their hands. With a slight appliance of force, blood would spray out onto the ground.

“How can….you guys…”

Alan understood a lot of things instantly, when he saw the two men laugh wretchedly as if they hit some jackpot. They were clean without any marks, let alone wounds. It was almost clean to the point of being shameless.

“I was….tricked!”

No wonder he felt that the two men’s blood was a bit too much after they were “wounded”. People would have become a mummy after losing that much blood, how could they still run?

“You guys…..cannot be forgiven! You should die ten thousand times!” Alan growled.

“Paul, Look, look, the Yellow Kid seems to be mad at us!” Drogba smiled proudly, “How was my idea?” He asked a question and answered himself, “Haha, I’m a f*cking genius!”

“Didier, I’ve became naughty too now after following you!” Capricorn Saint Seiya Pierce laughed.

“You’re all gonna die for me!”

Alan was extremely angry, his head was smoking, his eyes were firing, his ears puffed white steam. Water blue energy flamed and soared all surround him. The sounds of waves crashing against the shore came from the flame. The sharp sword became controlled by an invisible power. Suddenly, it spun furiously and a faint water energy ripple started spreading out from the center…

“Two stinking rats, you really piss me off…”

The sword wrapped in a blue energy turned into a lightning suddenly shot out countless air sword cuts in the sky. The two meters tall grass around them was mowed down, the sword light cut more quickly, more and more sharp, finally to a point uncapturable by the naked eye. The sound of the tides made it sound as if they were all in the vast ocean.

“Energy technique…… Furious Thousand Layer Wave – !!”

Alan shouted, waving his swords again and again. In a moment, the sound of the tide was loud, like deafening roars… The sword lights all over the sky suddenly appeared all at once, forming a wave-like sword web, charging directly towards Drogba and Pierce from all sides.

“Ah, well, this guy is angry……” Drogba screamed and cried out suddenly, “Long live your majesty…… Taurus Saint Cloth, come to me!”

As the words rolled, something strange happened——

They saw his cow-like body suddenly float like there was no more gravity. Then a black light from his forehead came out and became a black iron box. The iron box above the seal had a lively running pattern of Taurus. At the next moment the iron box opened and the golden light burst out, and a huge black steel bull rushed out of it. It split into 125 armour parts instantly, as if they were blessed with a soul. They all changed into golden flames, automatically flying in the air and finally landing on the body of Drogba.

At the moment that everything finished, a huge golden ox totem consisting of 125 dazzling stars appeared as if it was breaking through the black space. They flashed behind Drogba mysteriously. The giant cow’s body had a vast and mysterious surging scent of ancient breath. When it proudly roared, the force was almost unbearable to the point of forcing bystanders to kneel down in worship.



* * *





Chapter 198




Chapter 198

Chapter 198: Masters (Part One)

“Damn, you wild buffalo, this is going to be bad……” Pierce complained. However, he seemed very excited. He raised his arms and shouted, “Star power, Capricorn Saint Cloth…… befall!!”

As soon as his voice shouted, almost the same thing occurred to him.

An iron chest that had a vivid symbol of the Capricorn on it appeared from a black light that dashed out of his forehead. The iron chest opened itself up automatically as flames appeared around it. What dashed out of the chest was a valiant metal goat. This metal goat instantly turned into fifty pieces and covered every single part of Pierce’s body. As the flames disappeared, a strange looking black armor appeared on him, and a totem of a huge demon-like goat with sharp horns formed from fifty stars appeared behind him, letting out an angry roar. This totem seemed like it had pierced through space and time and appeared here as it had an ancient and vast presence.

“What…… is this?” Allen opened his eyes as he couldn’t understand what he was seeing.

At this second, the two strongmen, without a hint of pride or honor, transformed in front of him like a miracle and turned to “warriors of gods” with strange suits of armor enveloping them. It seemed like these two men stepped through space and time and appeared in front of him. Allen couldn’t describe what he was feeling, but he felt like these two men were like gods, mighty and majestic. Allen had heard a lot of mysterious events when he was in the Imperial Knight Palace, and he had experienced the devastating power of moon ranked warriors summoning their warrior weapon. However, what he just witnessed was far beyond his understanding.

Tink! Tink! Tink! Tink! Tink!

The blue net was instantly made from sword strikes, and it struck towards the two men mercilessly as if it was an unavoidable punishment from god.

However, the scene of the armor tearing and blood spurting didn’t occur like Allen imagined.

Allen was shocked! He opened his eyes wide in surprise as he witnessed his strike making a series of crisp sounds. The strike didn’t even leave marks on the armors, let alone tear them up. The sounds the strike made sounded like the wind playing with the purple chimes hanging by the window of a goddess’ bedroom, crisp and pleasing.

“How is this possible? Then……Damn, what is that armor made of?”

After seeing his most powerful strike not even leaving light marks on the black armors, as if a bucket of water smashed onto a piece of rock, Allen’s expression seemed like he had just saw a ghost during day time.

In the next moment, his opponent’s counterattack arrived.

“Yellow haired punk, take this…… Gigantic – Long – Horn – !!”

Drogba lowered his head and dashed towards Allen in a weird pose; both of his hands were placed on his chest as if he was going to headbutt Allen. His figure instantly dashed through the air as if he was an arrow. With his body aimed at Allen’s chest, Drogba had an indescribable horrifying presence around him.

“Hahaha, you expect to pierce through my warrior energy defense with that?”

After a moment of surprise, Allen laughed out loud. The warrior energy on this opponent was only about a mid-tier two star; it basically posed no threat to him. Allen didn’t move; he only formed a light shield with his warrior energy to protect his body behind it. Water attributed warrior energy were best at defense.

“Then give daddy’s attack a try!” Drogba’s shoulder smashed onto Allen’s shield.

The light shield lightly indented as it easily blocked Drogba’s attack. The forceful strik

e only made Allen back off for a few steps, but his shield made of his warrior energy was still firm and sound. When he wanted to laugh, he suddenly felt very weak. He felt like his warrior energy wasn’t moving inside his body smoothly.

“Shit, I over used my warrior energy……” Allen’s face changed color.

“Break!” Drogba’s careless smile disappeared from his face as he seemed earnest as ever. He suddenly shouted as his shoulder struck forward again. As the ground was about to be tore apart by his feet, a subtle ancient star power instantly appeared and dismantled the blue energy shield in front of him.

Crack…… crack…… crack……

The shield made from four star warrior energy was shattered under the struck from a two star warrior energy.

“It is really strange…… However, your attack stops here!” Allen was surprised to see this, but he wasn’t terrified. He forced the warrior energy that wasn’t running smoothly inside his body to envelop his fist and punched onto Drogba’s chest. He knew his sword couldn’t pierce through his opponent’s armor, so he wanted to destroy his opponent’s internal organs and bones through sending his power through the armor.

“Puff-!

Drogba spat out a mouthful of blood, and all of it poured onto Allen’s face. Although the Taurus Saint Cloth was able to decrease the force from an attack, the difference in power between him and Allen was too great. The difference between a two star warrior and a four star warrior was great, and Drogba couldn’t fully utilize the power of his saint cloth. Getting injured was unavoidable.

But at this moment –

“Saint Sword – Excalibur – !”

Followed by a loud shout, an unparalleled sharp sword energy appeared from the back. Drogba who was spitting out blood suddenly grabbed onto Allen with his hands and turned around forcefully when he heard the shout. After the using the [Hulk Potion], the physical strength of this strongman made the four star warrior Allen change position with him forcefully.

Whoosh!

An invisible sword energy dashed by.

Then, a moment of silence.

“Hahaha! Hahaha! It’s useless, the power of a four star warrior couldn’t be imagined by two idiots like you guys. Even if you coincidentally broke my energy shield, you couldn’t break……huh?”

Chapter 198: Masters (Part Two)

Allen who was laughing like a mad man suddenly froze.

A vague numb yet itchy sensation appeared around his waist. He looked down, and realized that his metal armor from Imperial Knight Palace was cut in half, and his skin was exposed. On his skin, a series of dense blood dots like small pearls formed a straight line.

Drogba who was holding onto him was still spitting out blood from his mouth. It seemed like his injury was more severe than the man he was holding. But when Drogba let go of Allen and fell to the ground, Allen who was standing let out a desperate cry like a wild animal. Clouds of blood mist spurted out of his waist, and his body, with the field of dry grass two meters tall behind him, were both cut in half cleanly!

“Such a fast sword, such a sharp sword energy. Hahah, you guys won!”

Allen whose upper body was now on the ground said that with the last breath he had. After that, he closed his eyes and died unwillingly. Until his death, he still couldn’t understand why his bug like opponents were able to have that mysterious and power black armors, why the black haired strong man could break his energy shield, why that sharp sword energy could chop his body that was protected under the four star water attributed warrior energy.

“Drogba, you ok? You are not dead yet, right?” After taking care of his opponent, Pierce quickly walked to Drogba as he asked with care.

“Cough, cough…… You damn heartless white haired punk. You really dared to use that strike. What if your sword chopped me in half as well?” Drogba was severely injured. He coughed up blood as he said.

“Shiz, you can still swear? Hehe, looks like you are ok!” Pierce let go of the breath that he was holding. He laughed as he took out a bottle of red colored potion and poured it into Drogba’s mouth. “Didn’t you come up with this idea? You said you could hold onto this yellowed haired bastard so he couldn’t dodge, so I can use my saint sword to chop him up….. On top of that, you are wearing the Taurus Saint Cloth that his majesty gave you. My sword couldn’t harm you.” Pierce said.

As the light red colored potion entered Drogba’s stomach, it came to effect. Drogba’s wounds were quickly recovering. Drogba exhaled as a rare serious expression appeared on his face. “That’s right. Thank god his majesty gave us these armors. Otherwise, we could see what the Grim Reaper looks like for real. This four star warrior is so powerful. If we didn’t waste some of his warrior energy, both of us wouldn’t be a match to him!”

“Compared with his majesty, we are too weak. We have to get fast quick in order to follow his steps…..” Pierce sighed as he remember Fei used to chop up Four Star warriors like cabbages and cakes.

“We have to go support Mr. Brook, he is facing the most pressure……”

Drogba got up and whistled loudly. A series of neighs sounded as two level four Roaring Flame Beast dashed to them through the tall grass. Both Drogba and Pierce jumped onto their mounts and charged at Brook’s direction.

……

……

“Kill -!”

When he was less than ten meters away from the small hill, the furious scar-faced knight leader leaped into the air using the momentum from his horse and chopped down at the soldiers on the hill like a huge bird with eye-piercing silver flames around him. Dashes of huge silver sword energy flew towards the hill like flying snakes.

“Back!” Brook shouted and command the soldiers who were charging forward to back off.

At the same time, he drew from the warrior energy inside of him and waved his swords to block the attack.

However, most of the sword shaped energies were aimed towards him, and there was no way for him to block all of the ferocious strikes from the scar-faced man. A series of puffing noises sounded as numerous wounds appeared on his body. Blood was spurting into the air and formed several terrifying flowers made out of blood. The difference of power between the two were so great that Brook was covered in his own blood after one encounter…….

However, the military leader of Chambord didn’t back off as he bit his teeth and stood still.

Because behind him, the last dozen former mine slaves hadn’t passed the stone bridge.

“Hahaha, is that so? Are those dirty slaves the reason why you guys won’t back off?” The scar-faced knight was very smart. He knew what was going on when he saw the scene on the stone bridge. A cruel smile appeared on his face as he said, “I shall let you witness how the stuff and people that you are trying to protect turns into ashes and smokes, hahahah!”

He was set back continuously, so the hatred on his mind reached its max.

As he said that, he shook his sword and sent out a few more silver sword-shaped energy. He wanted to cut off Brook’s limbs and capture him alive. He wanted Brook to witness Chambord Castle burning down in flames, and chop off the head of this stubborn commander of Chambord to vent all of his anger and frustration.

Brook held his sword tightly as he still didn’t back off.

However, his injuries were quite severe and it was hard for him to move.

He didn’t have a single master around him. Lampard, Drogba, and Pierce were all sent out by him to distract the invaders and the other four star warriors. They had not returned, and his own life was in great danger!

But at this moment –

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

Four fire magic arrows with terrifying magic surge on them suddenly appeared and struck the silver sword shaped energy accurately. As booming noise resonated in the sky, both the fire arrows and the sword energy exploded, and a visible energy wave rushed to the surroundings like an enlarging circle.

“A master? Who?” The scar-faced knight leader was shocked.

“How can Chambord Kingdom retain such a master?”



* * *





Chapter 199




Chapter 199

Chapter 199: You…are you really an elite?

After entering the empire’s territory, the expeditionary force began moving at a much slower rate.

On one hand, it was to wait for Lampard and the others to return to the main army. On the other hand, Fei was very curious about everything in the empire. Unlike the jurisdiction of the subsidiary countries, the Zenit Empire was a vast territory. It was divided into seven provinces. Within each province was several cities, which were far more eminent than Chambord city, as both the military and administrative system were considered perfectly executed. This was set to be Fei’s target for development. In order to develop a strong city like Chambord, simply relying on the level of knowledge of someone who was an otaku during his past life was definitely not feasible.



When the sunset was about to arrive, the Chambord expedition and the Soros caravan arrived at the Ernst province of the empire. A broader river located far away snarly cut off the connection between the North and the South. There was an old city near the river, which was more than ten times the size of Chambord. This was called the first military’s Hot Spring Gate checkpoint in the Northern area of the empire. Through the ferry across the river, in accordance with the imperial law, the subsidiary army was not allowed to enter the city. Also, the expeditionary forces could only camp on the outside of the river and send people into the city to purchase food supplies. Fei took Angela and Emma on a trip to search for a gentle flow side of the river for fishing. The blonde female swordsman Susan who was next to the elder princess suddenly came over.

“The elder princess will take her leave now?” When Fei heard the words from the female swordsman Susan, he went into a daze.

“Yes, Your Majesty, now we have entered the territory of the empire, Arshavin the highness prince, has sent someone to meet us. He will soon arrive at the Hot Spring Gate before sunset. Now the situation is complicated, therefore the elder princess must go back as soon as possible.” She replied patiently, with her long blond hair.

The proud female swordsman, like a peacock, had a surprisingly good attitude, and was also very respectful towards Fei. Actually, the reason causing this shift was also very simple –during the Twin Tower Battle, Fei mysteriously defeated the imperial knight who was one of the ten Execution Knight honored as the Golden Sun knight, Chris Sutton. Because of the victory, Fei’s status also increased a lot since then. Within the empire, the strong ones were respected, and that was the common rule of the game. Although female swordsmen Susan was not very flexible herself, the Elder Princess mentioned the point so she could finally understand. The rise of Chambord’s king was unstoppable, regardless of it being strength or power. Fei already had what he needed for people like the Elder Princess to show their respect.

“Well, if this is the situation at this point, then she can go… ”

The golden sunset was sprinkled with glitter splendor, and Fei suddenly felt a sense of loss.

He thought, this is really strange ah, the elder princess and I saw each other for only three times, even the closest interaction we had was just sitting face to face and eating a meal on a stone table once. That was not even considered a serious date either because I robbed her bowl. Why do I have this kind of feeling? Perhaps, I got used to seeing the pair of dark blue eyes that have been staring at me in the distance away for these several days?

Fei smiled with mixed emotions.

At that moment, the noisy camp, suddenly quieted down.

Princess Tanasha, who had never been seen before, suddenly walked out of the magic carriage, and her sky blue colored dress was traili

ng on the ground, with a dreamy print, and her smooth linen hair reflected the glow of the sunset. She seemed like a vulnerable woman who wouldn’t look like one of the important characters in a story, but she had a charm that no one could match, so all of the eyes in the whole camp were focused on her.

She gently walked to the edge of the river and stopped in front of Fei. Looked at the shimmering river, the wise woman, who had a smile on her face for the first time in front of Fei, seemed to have no idea how to open her mouth and say something. After a long time, she said, “Thank you for the medicine, King Alexander.”

Fei had not yet noticed after these words, but the Knight Captain Romain and the female swordsman Susan were instantly stunned. In their memory, their royal princess had never said this type of `nonsense ‘… What’s the matter with her today?

At this moment, the loud sound of horseshoes clopping against the ground came from far, far away.

The crowd looked back and saw that a group of about five hundred men and women in the distance were riding along the bank of the river. Each carried a great deal of swagger, and a few of the knights were holding up a long banner. The flag of the empire displaying the double head of the white bear was remarkable. Besides that, it was the sign of the invincible division called the [Iron Blood Camp] of the [Zenit’s God of War] formed by Andrew Arshavin. On the flag was the double axe of the iron camp, with a black and white mark. The flag was like the dragon in the wind.

This was the imperial knight troop that prince Arshavin sent to pick up the elder princess to go back to the empire capital.

“Along the way, what happened was actually quite interesting. This trip to Chambord went far beyond my expectations…” The Princess had a relaxed feeling appear on her cheek. She smiled and said “But, King Alexander, you have done a lot of things in the Black Stone Kingdom that goes against the Imperial Law, and it will not be so easy to get away from that. I am afraid that there will be some people who are going to look for you over these things besides Golden Knight Sutton,” said the princess with a shy little smile, looking at Fei.



“If someone don’t know what their positions at, then I will use my fist to speak instead of my mouth.” Fei smiled proudly.

“In Azeroth, violence may be a good choice, but, it also can’t solve every problem. The strength of your majesty now is also completely no match against the Empire that occupied the great powers for hundreds of years…” The Royal Princess was speaking so many words for the first time and seemed to be a little bit tired. She paused to breath for a few seconds. She was wearing the female version of Caribbean clothing designed by Fei for all the women in the Chambord city in order to make the body figure of the women looked even more charming. Although the princess was sick for a long time, she still looked as beautiful and fabulous. She patted herself on the chest, then looked at Fei’s eyes, and she said earnestly, “Your majesty, you are also the king of the exquisites. Even better than me and Paris. Why should you always pretend to be a fool who is only interested in fighting and killing? ”

Fei smiled and thought, “Pretending to be a sheep but killing the wolf is quite an interesting thing to do. How can people like you understand the feelings that comes with this? You are the kind of person who like to keep everything in your hands.”

Seeing that Fei did not reply, the Elder Princess didn’t really mind too. Her right hand gathered the long hair that was flowing in the wind, and her left hand reached out from her sleeve. A red pentagonal small iron piece appeared in her soft palm. This small iron piece was obviously held for a long time. The color was smooth, glittering with light. If one carefully observed, one could discover that it was also engraved with a few complicated runes with unknown meanings. Fei figured out these were not magical symbols.

“This red iron piece maybe able to help you in the future, it will count as my appreciation for your medicine.” The elder princess said. Disregarding the knight captain Romain and the female swordsman Susan’s shocked expressions and anxious attempts to stop her, the elder princess tossed the trinket.

The light throw created a red-light arc in the air. The small iron was thrown directly to Fei.

Fei caught it using his backhand. The red color pentagonal iron piece started to warm up in his hands, the feeling was like a hundred years old piece of warm jade that was smooth and soft. Not the feeling of iron at all. With a moment of surprised in his heart, he carefully observed to think for a while, and discovered that besides the engraved words on the one side, the other side of the red iron had a mountain surrounded by mist printed in a scroll figure, which was pretty interesting.

Fei could tell, this small iron plate was probably from an extraordinary origin, and it had a mysterious meaning. He thought for a while, looked up and laughed, “I thank your Royal highness for this. Thank you, I appreciate it!” Suddenly he got an idea in his mind, he took out a large bottle, [Full recovery potion] and handed it to the princess royal, smiled and said, “Angela told me that the medicine was helpful to your recovery, this is my last bottle. At a day of departure like today, I will give this to you as a gift!”

The elder princess smiled gently, her blue eyes rippled and she did not refuse. She asked Susan to take the medicine.

Fei opened his inventory space again and then took out two copies of the manuscript, after slight pause, he gave it to the princess too, and explained, “The first record of the manuscript is a fast healing potion recipe, you remember that day I was at the top of the Eastern Mountain Top and was injured badly. I could quickly recover my body because of this medicine, but the configuration’s success rate is not high. The second manuscript is just the formula of the potion I gave you. Later, if you still need the medicine to maintain in a good condition, you can give to the pharmacist directly in the palace to make some more. The required material is also very simple, however, the success rate is not high either!”

A surprised look appeared in the Elder Princess Tanasha’s eyes. She carefully collected the two manuscripts, and sighed, “Your Majesty, you are indeed wise, I’m afraid that you already guessed that one day in the future, His Majesty Arshavin will come to you to ask for these two magic potions, so you wanted to borrow my hands to give it to him”

Fei smiled a little.

That day at the top of the Eastern Mountain top, Fei already had to use both the [Life potion of healing] and [Full recover potion] in front of the public. He realized that these two kinds of medicine’s magical effect would surely get people’s attention, especially people like Arshavin who were ambitious at heart. He absolutely knew the function and meaning of the potion, and deeply remembered it. Although at that moment he did not immediately ask for the medicine since the situation was complicated, sooner or later, he would definitely ask for it. Rather than waiting for him to come knocking on the door and asking arrogantly for it, it was better to be a little clever and offer it himself, and that would make both sides feel better.

However, having brought the medicine recipe from the Diablo world to reality, the medicine would obviously face a certain level of variation. Fei and Sister Ankara gradually mastered the new formula. Fei, naturally, did not give all the secrets to other people. He had prepared the two pharmaceutical formulations for the princess, which, as he said, even if all the ingredients were gathered, the success rate would still be low, even less than 5%… And because the principle was still the principle system from the Diablo world, even the master pharmacist could not see the secret of the potion. This was why Fei had formulated the recipe and gave it to Arshavin by the hand of the elder princess. Some things would seem more credible if it was given through the elder princess’s hand.

“Princess Tanasha, I have a question that I have been wanting to ask you.” Fei flew off the subject.

“Go ahead.”

“I’ve always been curious, you… are you really a master?” “Fei asked earnestly.



* * *





Chapter 200




Chapter 200

Chapter 200 Fight for Chambord!

A hint of surprise passed through the Elder Princess’s blue eyes.

It seemed that she never expected Fei would ask such a weird question. After a moment of silence, she chose not to answer. Instead, she turned around and walked towards the magic carriage in the distance. Then, the arrogant and callous Silver-Armor Knight troops that were waiting for the princess rushed into Chambord’s battalion. Very cautiously, they escorted the princess onto the magical carriage, not bothering to greet Fei nor linger in the battalion, and spurred forward to the Hot Spring Gate.

As the troops passed by, the air resounded with smoke and dust.

However, when the magical carriage gently passed by Fei, the tightly closed window opened for him. The Elder princess looked at Fei through the window with a strange smile. Her lips were slightly open and she wordlessly exclaimed—-

“No!”

Or at least this was what Fei concluded by looking at her lips.

……

The scar-faced knight leader looked to where the magic arrow flew from and shouted angrily “Who’s there? Show yourself!”

An extremely beautiful figure was approaching from the distant golden grassland as if a goddess descended from the sky. It seemed like she was walking in slow motion when in fact she was moving at a great speed. She arrived at the Mountain of the Hills in an instant with her hands holding a mysteriously powerful bow with the form of the branches of a dead rose. Without a word, she went and stood behind Brooke.

The scar-facedd knight leader was surprised by how young she was.

The strange woman looked to be in her twenties. She was gorgeous and had a great figure. Her legs are slim and long, her waist was soft and flexible and her fair skin blemish free as if it was delicately made by jade. Her fiery red hair flowed like a flame burning in the wind. The armour on her appeared unbelievably strong. It was engraved with some mysterious and profound inscriptions, covered by marvelous light and it emanated an aura of great mystical power. He likened her to a sacred goddess of martial prowess

“Who are you?” he said ambivalently.

Within such a short period of time, he was shocked that he was not capable of perceiving how strong this young woman was. Even more curiously, it appeared her magic element power was constantly changing. It was sometimes cold as ice, sometimes hot as fire, sometimes swift as lightning, sometimes gloomy as poison. What kind of power was this?

“Elena, soldier of Chambord!”

The woman responded calmly.

Although Gordon Brooke was covered in blood, he felt less restless after her appearance.

He knew this stunning and powerful female rogue archer for sure, because he had seen Fei accompanied by her a lot. Though he had no idea where this woman came from, he knew that she was the king’s most trusted person and her archery was unbeatable. Brooke remembered once Fei spoke about her and sighed that even the king himself was no match for her.

A truely benevolent force to be reckoned with!

“Your honor, be careful! He is a really tough one!” Brooke warmed Elena cautiously.

Brooked didn’t know her position in Chambord but she was always with the king. Since he respected the king, he chose to refer to her respectfully.

“Hmm,” Elena raised her Lethal Rose Bow without a backward glance and said, ”You be careful as well!”

Then she concentrated on bending her bow. Three arrows made of frost magic appeared on her pale blue bowstring. The tips of her deadly arrows shining brightly. The body of her arrows were extremely cold, spilling white cold condensation in all directions and lowering the temperature rapidly.

“Whoos

hhhhh”

Her magic arrows shot swift as lightening and as powerful as thunder.

The battle has begun.

“Damn! This woman is also a soldier of the King of Chambord…Who the hell is this king of Chambord?! Where the hell did he come from! Why on earth does he have such a beautiful and powerful soldier?” The scar-faced knight leader swore beneath his breath. He dared not to be off guard. Powering up his silver qi, he fired his silver sword pulses towards the enemy.

HONG HONG HONG !

The frost arrow clashed with the silver sword pulses again. The fusion was creating tremendous bursts of energy which destroyed everything it encountered.

Elena bent her bow calmly with her beautiful hands, as elegantly as if she was playing a harp. When she plucked, various magic arrows were fired at an incredible speed, no one could ever trace their passage. It was hard to believe that even a man like the scar-faced knight leader who possessed a four-star premium Swift Edge qi and twenty years of battlefield experience still could not get within ten meters of her.

The silver sword pulses and the magic frost arrows were constantly colliding and bursting.

“This woman, she’s not only strangely powerful. Her control of pace is unbelievably accurate too? It’s like she’s been through thousands of battles. Her moves are so cold blooded, striking fear with every blow.”

Little did he know, Elena, as a female rogue fighter, had survived the world of Diablo. From the day she was able to defend the Rogue Encampment with her bow, she had to fight against thousands of devils and monsters. There were countless moments that she was about to die but eventually she fought back and survived. That’s why an “experienced soldier” like him who had only fought against humans could never compare with her.

For the moment, neither could gain the upper hand.



In the meantime, around four hundred black knights, led by their kings, who barely survived the fire had mounted the hill and were going in to attack Chambord.

“Charge!”

Brooke shouted angrily and was the first to charge.

His body was enhanced by a large dose of Hulk Potion, augmenting his healing ability to extraordinary levels. He regained more than half of his strength just from resting briefly . It might still be quite meaningless when facing a master like the scar-faced knight but he would be a god when fighting against normal soldiers. He brandished his sword, beheading two knights simultaneously. The knights’ blood was splattered everywhere.

“Charge!”

“Destroy the enemy! Leave no survivors!”

Brooke’s heroic energy sent the blood of those twenty something Bylaw Enforcement Officers pulsing through their veins. Each wielded a huge axe used as both weapon and shield, and then pushed forward. Although the enemy was several times greater in number , they fought them zealously like the wind.

All of a sudden, a shower of blood fell on the hill and the ground was covered with corpses and broken weapons.

These Bylaw Enforcement Officers had never experienced such a brutal slaughter scene, but they had been in a battle before and had some inklings of such a deadly atmosphere. Also, Fei built an arena in the mysterious city of the grotto located in the back of Chambord mountain where he summoned Fallens and Fallen Priests. Each Bylaw Enforcement Officer, secretly enhanced with the hulk potion, had to fight against these monsters in the arena. As a result, when they finally stepped into the real battlefield, they were proud, strong and fearless.

Where once there were twenty-three men brandishing axes suddenly became twenty-three furious sharks killing anything that’s in their way.

The four hundred black knights could not defeat these twenty-three sharks in a short period of time, so the fight was bogged down to a dreary stalemate.

“Charge! Charge forward! Conquer Chambord City!” Under the protection of his guard, the leader shouted wildly.

“F*ck you! ” A Bylaw Enforcement Officer covered in blood yelled and brandished his axe, cutting the guards protecting the leader in half.

“Well done! ” Another Bylaw Enforcement Officer whose body was still pierced by an arrow turned around and swung at the black knights. The blood of the two black knights and their horses who were coming at him bursted as they were cut into eight pieces.

Brooke was in the frontlines of the fight. He kept brandishing his Sword of the King bestowed by Fei. An enemy was slain every time he swung his sword. He wouldn’t stop until he killed all the enemy who came within the sweep of his sword. No one could ever counter him. He exhausted his energy furiously and it was getting easier, showing a sign of overcoming the two-star level.

“Soldiers of Chambord! Destroy the enemy with me! We’d rather die than give up!” Brooke shouted madly.

“Rather die than give up!” Bylaw Enforcement Officers responded to their general by shouting out their determination, even in the midst of the intense fight.

These twenty three people sounded even more powerful than their enemy. The whole world was drenched in blood. The sun could not bear the slaughter any longer. It gradually went down and disappeared. The time of darkness would begin.

The black knights gradually started to retreat in a disorderly fashion.

Shocked by the madness of the enemy, they could no longer be brave. These people of Chambord were crazy. They didn’t feel pain when they got hurt. Instead they laughed, shouted loudly and swung their axes. Even if they were all covered in blood and wounds, they would not back off as long as they were still alive.

There was no difference between fighting this kind of enemy and fighting devils.

These three kings were under great pressure now even though their guards were still protecting them. They looked at each other, then their faces started to turn pale. They were afraid as they couldn’t help but start to think that they shouldn’t have provoked this enemy. The King of Chambord and his soldiers were all aberrant barbarians!

Suddenly there came an unpleasant angry voice. “Rather die than give up? Just a group of contemptible criminals. All of you shall die here!”

Accompanying the voice was someone storming out of the dark remains of the fire.

He,enveloped in the light of his orange energy, was flying towards the battlefield with a sound that resembled thunder reverberating across the sky. Before him, arrived the pulses of his sword. The world split apart and the air is loaded with smoke and dust. Brooke, who was in the frontline of the fight, bore the brunt of his power. Brooke felt like a mountain was going to smash him in the face as the ground trembled. He became overcome by the stranger’s poweress.



* * *





Chapter 201




Chapter 201

Chapter 201: The Battle is Won

Brook’s pupils contract. The approaching enemy was another Four-Star elite!

What was even more exciting was that on top of the Four-Star Master, there were hundreds of unharmed, energetic black cavaliers whistling and bolting towards him, with steel glimmering in their hands.

“Finally here!”

Of course, Brook recognized this Four-Star Master. It was the Energy Combat Master whom the head of the Scarface Knights sent to fight off the tailing Chambord archers. His name was Gulo. Apparently, he had gotten rid of the harassment of the archers, and made his way up.

With the addition of this Four-Star Master into the game, the subtle balance between the two forces of the battle was instantly shattered.

The chances for the Chambord Army just took a direct downward turn.

The only ones capable of holding off Gulo were Frank Lampard and the Two Joke Brothers who were not able to make it here yet. Plus the “Valkyrie” Elena was being stalled by Scarface knight. All the aces of the Chambord city were occupied. There was no one left who could withstand the powerful enemy, let alone this enemy that brought hundreds of riders with him. Judging from the circumstances, no matter how ingenious Brook was, they stood no chance of getting out of it at all.

It was hopeless.

The chances for the Chambord army became hopeless in an instant.

The situation did not leave Brook even one moment to think.

He slowed down and took a deep breath while wiping his blood-covered forehead. His hands tightly gripped the King’s Excalibur, his sight as focused and firm as ever.

“To our deaths!!!! Charge!!!”

This Chambord City’s military official roared as he charged towards the Four Star Master Gulo. His eyes were stalwart, his sword without any hesitation. He charged with all his life, like a moth towards the flames.

“Caged beast! How hopeless! Come to die!” Gulo swung his sword with deadly force.

As Brook was getting consumed by the enormous sword, all of a sudden, something weird happened.

A black mysterious shadow came out of nowhere, quiet as a ghost. You could not see him, only the aura of a blade in the middle of the battlefield, intercepting each of Gulo’s offenses.

“Who is this?” Gulo’s rage was rising. He recognized this opponent was powerful.

The mysterious black shadows dove and slid around each attack with incredible speed like lightening. He leapt and a blinding golden light was emitted from the sword in his hand. The light was so intense that it tore the sky apart. Gulo immediately twisted his sword to avoid it. He focused the medallion colored energy and focused on defense instead of offense, desperately trying to block the sudden assault. However, the golden fumed energy completely smashed the earth element energy. Abruptly, an icy light stroke, and blood splattered. Gulo froze, and stood still for an eternity. His face was full of disbelieve and devastation.

PUFF!

The shadow sped past Gulo’s frozen carcass, effortlessly like picking an apple. He laughed while picking up the head of the Four Star Master. And he left, as sudden as the way he arrived. His figure slowly dimming into transparency, as if it was melting into the endless sky, until it was completely gone.

Instant kill!

It was instant!

Who was that man? How could he had killed a Four Star Master so effortlessly? How could he just come and go like that? The most mysterious thing was the piercing golden energy that went through Gulo’s body! The ones lucky enough to witness the whole thing were left astounded. The image of the mysterious shadow would be something that could never be erased from their minds.

The entire battlefield was silenced and amaze

d. No one had any idea where he came from and where he went.

Brook’s head was blanked for a moment and then he woke himself up.

“He seemed to be on Chambord’s side. But then, why have I had never seen him around his majesty? Well, it’s actually for the best I guess. Now that Gulo is dead, the last ace his majesty prepared before he left could remain anonymous… The battle is won now.”

The twenty surrounding guards had fought to exhaustion, and there seemed to be no more variables that could change the results. Gordon Brook raised his sword and signaled the code.

Whosh whosh!

Coming from the bushes a hundred feet away, colorful enchanted arrows were shot out. So fast they cut through the air making eery sounds. Landing on the hundreds of charging Black Riders.

Boom Boom Boom!

Distant explosions shook the ground, the surging magic elements took over the earth.

Flesh and blood were splattering and broken limbs and steel were flying everywhere.



This was a one-sided massacre. The hundreds of riders had nowhere to hide and were covered in sorcerous arrows. The tough black armor was not able to provide any kind of barrier between them and death. The burning flames, freezing frost, sizzling electricity and omnipotent poison took all of their lives in an instant.

In the distant hills, two dozen strangely armored young girls appeared. They were holding bows, and their bodies were covered in first and second stars of magical elements. There were fire, electricity, ice and poison. Their eyes expressed nothing but indifference. Within a tremble on the bow strings and less than ten inhales and exhales, hundreds of trained riders were killed.

Sorcery archers were indeed the nemesis of cavalries.

Not only were these young and lovely sorcery archers capable of unbelievably powerful magic, they were unbelievably accurate as well. Each arrow was shot with incredible precision and shot through the air to hit the intended targets. Although the Black Riders were entangled with the Chambord guards, the guards were not harmed by a hair.

God tier powerful sorcery archers.

In an instant, all of the intruding Black Rider army was eradicated.

“How did this happen? Why does Chambord harbor so many elites?”

Three golden crown wearing kings were devastated and started screaming. They attempted to escape with the help of diligent guards but the rain of arrows simultaneously killed all the guards. The Chambord soldiers swam in, beating the shit out of the three and tied them up with rope, like animals.

The chaotic and violent battlefield finally started to die down.

A flash of silver raced in, powerful energy radiating out of Frank Lampard who just finished his victim.

Soon, two howling level four, Roaring Flame Beasts came hurling like unstoppable fire. On the back of the beasts, were the Brothers, Drogba and Pierce.

Meanwhile, the fighting between the rest of the guards had also stopped. They were covered in blood and holding their axes. Everybody was looking in the same direction.

In the entire battle field, there was only one fight still fiercely going on, the fight between the leader of the Scarface Knights and the “Valkyrie” Elena. Swords were vigorously attacking each other and there was no telling who had the upper hand.

Four independent sorcerous powers were interchanging around Elena’s body. The image was indescribable. No one as young as her could embody all four of the elements and interchange them at will.

However, having an advantage did not mean she was winning. Although the rival was not able to get close to her due to the intense magical offense, the leader of Scarface was in no grave danger either.

The man was the strongest of the four Four-star elites. His capabilities were exceeding the peak of Four Stars, reaching Five Stars. If “Valkyrie” Elena had not been able to combine the other six profession mercenaries’ powers, and embodying ice, electricity, fire and poison, the four elements of magic, on top of accomplishing all of the missions with Fei in [Lut Gholein] and reaching level 35, she would not had been able to match this Scarface warrior.

The two were pretty much equally matched but Elena was slightly more experienced, enabling her to slightly suppress her opponent. But finishing the fight soon was very difficult.

Bang bang bang bang…

The Scarfaced cavalry leader bursted out with silver sword energy, dispersing the incoming flame arrows. Immediately, he backed up and gestured a pause. He withheld his sword and smiled arrogantly while glaring at the surrounding Chambord Bylaw Enforcement officers. He slowly proceeded to say, “You bold, ignorant men. How dare you attack the Imperial Knights. Are you all so desperate to be wiped out by the Execution Knights?”



“Execution Knights?” Brook was a little shocked, “You are one of the Execution Knights?”

The Scarfaced threw a black belt on the ground, “Open your pitiful eyes and look who you’re attacking. How dare you murder Dick, Allen and Gulo, the three sacred knights and kidnap the three kings of Blackstone, Lake and Thrace? Making a mistake like this, even the Chambord king cannot escape punishment of the Execution Knights. Hahahahaha….”

Was he really a member of the Execution Knights?

Brook and the crowd examined the black belt on the ground. It was engraved with a double-headed bear and a metal armored knight riding on a horse. Anybody who was anybody would know very clearly that it was the sigil of the Execution Knights.

The crime of attacking an Execution Knight was not to be taken lightly. Even for a king.

On that thought, the faces of the few who understood the gravity of the matter turned pale.

“If you really are an Execution Knight, why would you invade us Chambord? Did you have an direct order from Emperor Yasin?” A doubt crossed Brook’s mind and he started to interrogate.

“Who the hell are you?” the Scarfaced smirked, yelling angrily, “Who the hell are you to demand answers from me? I give you ten seconds to release the kings, bind yourself in rope and hand over the murderers who killed the knights in chains, and come with me to be trialed. Otherwise, in ten days, I promise the Execution Knights will turn your Chambord city into ashes. Even the king of Chambord will be sent to the fire pillar.”

The Scarfaced cavalry leader smirked again.

He was obviously bluffing under such dangerous situation. What else could he do other than trying to scare the pressing Chambord fighters? Moreover, he was the esteemed Execution Knight, with a bright future following the Golden Sun Knight, Chris Sutton. Killing a few civilians of a colony was like killing a few chickens. What could they possibly do? Would they dare to kill an honorable Execution Knight of the Imperial Knight Palace?

Even when completely surrounded, he had no fear at all.



* * *





Chapter 202




Chapter 202

HTK Chapter 202

Seeing how the desperate invader was still awfully arrogant, the people of Chambord became exceptionally pissed. Drogba came out first to provoke the scar-faced knight, “F*ck your mom. Where the f*ck are you even from? Have you even look at your disgusting scarred-face? Did your mom give birth to you from sh*itting?”

The white-haired Pierce didn’t want to be outdone by his companion. He looked at the scar-faced knight like someone looking at an idiot and said, “I know right? Even though it is day time, he can still scare monsters with that face. Invading our country without any intention is already an enormous crime. Additionally he even pretended to be part of our country’s execution knights. I’m laughing my ass off! Why didn’t you just say you’re emperor Yaxin?”

The way these two were mocking the scar-faced knight was vicious enough itself that it could kill a person.

However, ignorance was often the key to fearlessness. Swearing and looking down at a knight from the holy kingdom could be a small or big punishable crime depending on how you looked at it. Getting burned on the pole was not at all impossible. From the way these two were treating the holy knight, it seemed like they were heavily affected by their rogue king.

“Guess you two want to die!”

The scar-faced knight became extremely irritated, his body shaking from sheer anger. His arm slightly fidgeted, and two sword energies appeared and flew towards Drogba’s and Pierce’s throats like a fierce comet. The very next moment, their heads will come off of their necks.

BOOOM!

Lighting struck and forces exploded.

The silent Lampard flashed out and gave one punch. Two plasma poles with the width of his wrists went up against the sword-energy. With the two energies meeting, both exploded, shaking the earth around the area. People that were beside the blast, even with just a trivial deficiency in skill were blown away. For them, it felt like a tornado was blown right in front of them, forcing them to step back unconsciously.

And it was at this moment that Brook had an idea.

The two’s none-thinking and stupid statements lit up the light bulb in Brook’s head.

He walked up one step and gave one kick out, as if unintentional, in front of the dumbfounded face of the bystanders, kicking away the Black Knight’s badge. It flew into the bushes far away. Afterward, Brook said with a cunning smile on his face, “You said you are a knight from the empire? Do you have anything at all that can prove it? I guess not? Hah how fearless are you, pretending to be the holy empire’s knight. Everyone, take down this imposter with me with everything you have!

He was obviously lying, but in no way was he going to admit it!

“This is so shameless…” Drogba sighed, feeling ashamed looking at Brook.

“I know right, his shamelessness, has the same poise as your previous style as well.” Pierce stroked his chin.

“You…” The scar-faced knights’ leader looked at them with disbelief, almost being driven mad.

These worthless peasants, how dare they act this way.

Even in his dreams, he couldn’t imagine that after showing his badge from the holy empire, not only did they not beg for their lives, they even gathered the courage to bite him back, saying he was a fake. The leader’s prestige was being challenged by these ignorant peasants. Lost in the moment from his anger, he bit so hard that his golden teeth were about to break in at any moment.

These were really a group of bandits.

But currently, it was not the time for him to showcase his “Holy knight’s prestigious image”.

Because the Chambord elites all came charging at

him, circling him in the center.

Elena struck first. With her slender seductive fingers, thousands of thunderbolts flew out, finding their way to the scar-faced knights’ leader’s vital spots. Lampard’s thunder strikes were so dense that they exploded like water. With a strike from his fist, it lit up the sky and struck relentlessly. Furthermore, Drogba and Pierce, both wearing their Taurus and Capricorn cloths, were both preparing their own ultimate abilities.

The pressure increased exponentially.

“You peasants, just you wait, in a really short time, you are going to pay for what you have done today!” The scar-faced knight leader knew that he could not deal with all of this so he flew away, leaving behind an area of shattered ground.

He could only run.

Even if his emotion was filled with anger, wanting to slaughter the crowd in front of him into minced meat, he could only run away. Keeping his mind clear, as clear as a mirror, he realized that if the peasants were not scared of the empire’s badge, then staying here for any bit longer was really asking for his own death. The opposing group’s goddess-like archer and the warrior that was covered in liquidized-lighting, both had the skill to threaten him. Instead of fighting them head on, he could only run first and bring back reinforcements to destroy this trivial country.

“Quick, don’t let him run away!” Brook’s face frowned, he didn’t think the scar-faced knight leader would be so calm and decide to run away.

Zoom zoom zoom.

Multiple icy-slowing-arrows, linking to each other by their ends and heads, like a thread, went straight to the scar-faced knight leader in the sky. Elena’s swiftness in her archery, created a phantom of movement, faster than what the naked eye could capture.

“Lightning…Speed… Fists!!”

Lampard screamed. Multiple strikes with silver light exploded from his fists. Bursts of plasma homed for the knight in the sky, filling the sky with sounds from the end of the world, frightening the viewers.

The two Chambord masters also reacted quickly.

Both released their ultimate abilities at the exact moment, forcing the knight to stay instead of running away.

The scar-faced knight leader laughed at their petty attempts and struck back. Strokes of sword-energy screeched in the air, broke the arrows and the plasma with lightning speed, keeping it a meter away from him.

The leader’s skill was high. In addition to his rich battle experience and his will to leave, stopping him was proving to be too hard.



Within a few steps, he was already 200 meters out.

“Hah hah, the next time I come back here, all of you are going to die…” The scar-faced knight leader’s devilish laugh came from the horizon. It was obvious that he was too far to be chased down.

“It is unfortunate that we let him get away…” Brook sighed, already planning how to solve the situation. Preferably, he didn’t want to create any disturbances for Fei, who was currently heading to the capital.

“You won’t have a next time.” A calm female voice suddenly emerged.

As the voice ended, a sudden blue light flashed. With it came a portal that was two meters high. The next moment a light red shadow came out from the portal. Unexpectedly, the body flickered with movements that could not be captured with the human eye, moves that have never been seen before, and devastating explosions that came from energy. With the sound of scar-faced knight leader screaming, he fell to the ground like a wooden doll, motionless.

And the red light figure flashed, flying into the portal and disappearing. As a blue flame revolved around the portal, it dissipated.

This all happened, in a blink of an eye.

Quick to the point that no one could react.

Only a few were able to see the mysterious woman.

Elena, Lampard, the two saint knights, and Brook were all shocked by the woman. She was someone who appeared at the mountain behind Chambord city, Chambord’s Hero’s University, as a modest professor that taught martial arts; teaching only the basics of basics. No one could believe that her actual skill was extremely high. Even someone who was at the peak of four stars could not survive the damage from just one blow from her. Remembering their negligence while studying under her, Drogba and Pierce looked at each other, shaking and rustling down with cold sweat.

After a few moments of silence, Lampard flew into the sky. Just after a brief moment, he carried back the scar-faced knight leader. 。

“He is not dead yet.” Lampard said. He threw the last-second-threatening-but-now-like-a-p*ssy knight onto the ground.

The scar-faced knight leader was horrified.

The mysterious figure that appeared out of nowhere, not only was her strength incredible, but her moves were also inexplicable. With his own strength, he couldn’t even react to one strike of the mysterious woman, which locked down his energy and limited his movements. Apart from talking from his mouth, he couldn’t move a single finger.

“How should we deal with him?” Lampard said.

Brook pondered at the crowd. This was a rather hard question.

He knew, this scar-faced knight was probably a real knight from the empire because the whole Zenit Empire, apart from the empire, there were only a few that had the power to command four four-stars knight to work for them. But these four knights surprising followed the Black Stone King, Chishui King, and Slace King to attack Chambord city. Does the empire want to destroy Chambord City? But then after serious thinking, they didn’t seem serious. If they really wanted to destroy Chambord City, then the whole Execution Knight Palace would have appeared in front of Chambord City, not just the dark cavalry led by the three kings. There must be some sort of special reason behind it.

Ignoring scar-faced knight leader, he eyed the two jokesters, Drogba and Pierce.

Drogba and Pierce understood his intention.

Both cracking their knuckles, smiling with a bad intention, they lifted the tangled up Slace King, Black Stone King, and Chishui King. Ignoring their screaming, like dragging dead pigs, they dragged the three into the little bushes behind the hill.

In just a short moment, sounds and movements echoed out.

It was first a fury of fists mixed with the sound of storm-like slapping. Next came the sounds of crying and begging form the three kings, mixed with laughs and screams, creeping out of the crowd.

After few moments, the two jokester knights dragged the three nose-broken-face-puffed-lip-ripped-teeth-cracked kings on top of the hill.

Drogba whispered to Brook’s ear, told him everything he got from torturing the three, with great detail.

Brook nodded and the rock in his heart finally dropped.

Things were similar to what he thought originally. These four knights didn’t come from the command of the empire. Instead, they were being commanded by one of the ten Execution Knights of the Imperial Knight Palace, the Golden Sun Knight Sutton’s trusted follower to come assist the three kings. Their actions didn’t represent the Imperial Knight Palace.

The facts were not as bad as he thought, but, after knowing the truth, how should he deal with the four prisoners?

Feeling the ice cold glaze of Brook, even though the scar-faced knight leader couldn’t move his hands, he still kept his fierce attitude. But the three that were tortured by the two jokesters were regretting and crying like there was no tomorrow.

“Kill them!” Brook said with fearlessness, coming to his decision rather quick.

“You…you dare?” The scar-faced knight leader screamed, threatening with his voice.

But his skull was soon broken by Drogba. Without the protection of energy, it was easily smashed. The Taurus knight cleaned the club by wiping the brains of the dead onto his foot. Ignoring the disgusted look of the crowd, he said with an arrogant voice, “Apparently rocks are harder than the skull of masters!”

On the other side, the Bylaw Enforcement Officers lifted their knives and sliced down. With that, the bodies of the three kings that were begging a second ago, were sliced into two.



* * *





Chapter 203




Chapter 203

HTK Chapter 203

Lampard didn’t stop Brook’s order. The three kings and the leader of the Scarface Knights were already killed before he asked, “Do you think it will affect the trip of his Majesty since we killed them?”

“It’s the same to kill one or two.” Brook put the bloody sword back in the sheath, slightly shaking his head. After the burning of the prairie, the whole area laid in ruins. He watched the scene of this devastation, frowned and said, “If we didn’t kill those three Knights before, it might not be a problem to let them go, but unfortunately … the Knights will not care about our explanation. No matter whose fault it was, those domineering Execution Knights will only see one thing— that we killed their people. If we let him leave now, after he turns back, the revenge from the Knights will only come faster. Also, killing these people is my consideration for his Majesty’s visit to the Imperial Capital.”

Lampard just sighed but did not speak any more. He understood what Brook said.

With the wind blowing away the grass, everyone had a sudden feeling of anger and oppression. They knew a storm was brewing, but they couldn’t do anything. Chambord did not have the ambition to conquer any city. The only thing they wanted was to live in a safe and peaceful environment. However, the Azeroth Continent was full of chaos and killing. Even if they didn’t want to be involved in the trouble, they will be engulfed in this havoc.

“Fortunately, it’s only a few people who know about this.”

Brook looked at the soldiers who were distributed around. There were less than one hundred people that joined the battle, of which more than eight people had been sent away to distract the black cavalries before. The people who really knew about the status of those four four-star Empire Knights were only around twenty and all of them were innocent and staunch people from Chambord. Brook turned around and sternly ordered that no one was allowed to divulge information about this event. Once someone let out any rumors, they would be killed.

Soon, the body of the two experts, Dick and Alan who were killed by Lampard and the jokester duo knights Drogba and Pierce, the three kings, Gullo, and the leaders of the Scarface Knights had been burned to ash. Their armors and weapons were transported into the blacksmith Samuel’s furnace that was located in the back hill of Chambord and was scrapped. The traces of the fighting also had been cleaned up carefully. Brook was very considerate. The work of cleaning the marks was well done. Nothing was left of this battle.

“However, we have to let His Majesty know about what happened here as soon as possible. Frank, take a night off and return to His Majesty tomorrow immediately!”

The next day, Lampard and the jokester duo knights left Chambord City with 50 Bylaw Enforcement Officers so hastily that they left a dust trail behind them.

In the early sunshine of the morning, there were two people, who had once sent Fei away, standing under the drawbridge gate. The two magnates of the army and politics in Chambord City, Brook and Bast were standing on the rampart, watching Lampard and the others leave the city quietly, until they disappeared in the distant horizon.

“Unbelievable, the Zenit Empire had been stabilized for more than twenty years. A chaotic time is coming so soon again.” The old white faced Bast sighed, worrying inside.

“I heard that Emperor Yasin’s body is getting worse and worse. He is too sick, not even being able to ride horses now. His princes are keen on jockeying for the throne. Those decadent nobles only know how to crazily seek money and the two hundred and fifty dependent kingdoms are ready to strive for the empire. The worse thing is,

according to the news from the Priest Ma Zola, the empire’s old enemy, Spartac, has started to mobilize their troops at the border three months ago, seemingly like they want to invade. The dark chaotic time is already showing a few signs.” Brook rubbed the chilled crenellations on the wall, “The three kings would not dare to attack us if these chaotic signs didn’t appear. Nowadays, even the Empire Knights are starting to have some plans.”

“Once the war comes, there will be many kingdoms that will be destroyed, people will be killed and royal families will be annihilated. Although Chambord is located in the North, we probably won’t be able to stay out of this. There is only a little time for us to prepare.” Bast had special experiences, seemingly like he already imagined a scene of a miserable world.

“The only thing we need to do is work on the things that His Majesty left us. I believe that he already noticed the signs, and had been prepared.” Brook was a soldier. He had heroic bones, so he was not really pessimistic about the war.

Bast showed a smile, suddenly changing the topic, “Oh, right, did you find out the identity of the mysterious black master that appeared and killed Knight Gullo in a split second?”

“I have only a little clue, but am not certain yet.”

“Well, Gordon, you need to thank this mysterious man, I heard from Frank that without this mysterious guy’s help, you would have been stuck in a dangerous position.”

“Even if he didn’t appear, I would not have died.” In front of his old friend, Brook didn’t hide too much. He smiled towards the wall and said, “When His Majesty left, he did leave something for me. Before I could use it, this guy just appeared and killed the four-star warrior.”

……..



After the Elder Princess and her people left, the Chambord Expeditionary Force did not set off on the second day, but simply stationed themselves on the outside of the Ernst capital Hot Spring Gate.

The Hot Spring Gate was one of the most famous ten cities in the Zenit Empire. It was not only the metropolis of Ernst, but also a well-known economic and cultural hub in the Northern region of the empire. More importantly, it’s a solid fortress. Whether it was the size of the city or the military forces, it’s impossible for the Black Stone Kingdom’s fortress to compare with it. Also, the Hot Spring Gate was just like a gate that was located in the middle of Chambord City, guarding the road to the outside. It had extreme strategic significance. Therefore, Fei wanted to stay here to observe more and wait for Lampard and the others to return to the army.

The second day was sunny and crisp in the morning.

After Fei arranged the camp matters, he called off the guards’ accompanying him and took Angela and Emma with him before leaving the campsite of the Expeditionary Forces to visit the Hot Spring Gate. A big city like this, it was much more flourishing and grand than Chambord City. For Fei–a homeboy in his previous life who only knew about the Azeroth Continent from books and legends, and the two little girls, who never came to such a big city before, this city had a fatal attraction.

“Hey! You three, Stop! Foreigners need to pay a tax to get into the city.”

Just after reaching the city gate, the guards became baffled like they found peerless treasures, avariciously staring at Angela and Emma’s bodies. One barred the gate with his spear, blocking the way to stop them. With their elegant outfits and temperament, the soldier knew that these three people were not common peasants. It was hard to say what would happen if Fei and the two girls didn’t seem like nobles.

“Tax? How much?” Fei smiled not feeling angry.

He knew that these soldiers were “princess” soldiers when he saw the scruffy armors and the untidy formation of these soldiers. They didn’t join the war and0 see death. These soldiers could never be opponents to the Bylaw Enforcement Officers of Chambord. It was easy to imagine how their peaceful lives made them lose their vigilance. Even the garrison in Hot Spring Gate – one of the most famous ten cities in the empire – was not that strict.

“One empire standard silver coin for each person.”

“One silver coin? Really?! How could it be so expensive?” Emma couldn’t help but ask back. An empire standard silver coin could provide for a poor family in Chambord for more than one month.

Fei shook his head. He knew that these soldiers were rambling about the price, but he was not willing to talk too much with these people. He threw three silver coins out, and walked into the city with the two girls. The coins fell on the ground and those soldiers grabbed like a bunch of dogs trying to get their bones.

After passing the city gate, it was an outer district designed to defend during a siege. Past the outer district, they finally made it to the main city.

When they walked into the main city, a new world appeared.

There were wide, clean streets in the city. Although it was early in the morning, not too many people were on the street. It was much more busy than Chambord City. There were a few hawkers already starting to prepare their stalls. Caravans were in a hurry, mercenaries and excursionists were grimy, everyone started to work for a new day. Most buildings that were along the streets were made by stones, colorful signs were swinging with the wind. There were so many shops opening one by one, and the whole street was filled with the appetizing smell of food.

Angela and Emma were suddenly attracted by the bustling scenes and they gasped, just like two oriole birds. They took a look at everything, all the things here were so fresh and beautiful.

Fei walked behind them with a smile, observing the city while he protected the two girls.

For the longest time, Fei was really curious about the reason why all the empires were so tirelessly keen to build fortress walls and castles. In the Azeroth Continent, where top tier experts like the Sun-class Lord could move a mountain with their hands and even split the sky, all these walls were not even stronger than a top tier expert’s hair. No matter how stable or grand your walls were, it wouldn’t cause any problems to a Moon-class Elite or a Sun-class Lord. Even a capable star-class warrior could just jump over that. So, the creation of walls seemed like a futile project to waste money and materials.

But just now, Fei found some interesting things.

Each brick that was on the walls of the Hot Spring Gate was covered with some magic runes. These runes were not really difficult to understand. With the magician knowledge that Fei learned from the Nun Akara and the wretched Uncle Kane, he could resolve out that they were some simple magic transmission and soil reinforcement spells. He secretly used his palm to push the wall and found out that once the thrust stopped, the magic power would appear inside the wall, and any damage below a 3-star rating wouldn’t be able to damage the walls.

Also, after entering the city of the Hot Spring Gate, Fei instantly felt a very active magic element fluctuation in the city. It was almost more than twice as much as he felt outside of the city. It was really incredible. These few steps could create such a huge gap!

But just another few minutes, he found out the source of this bizarre phenomenon.



* * *





Chapter 204




Chapter 204

Chapter 204 Big Events in the Empire

In the splendid land of Hot Spring Gate, there stood six heaven-touching cylindrical towers, hundreds of meters in the air.

From where those towers were located, however, Fei clearly felt a stronger kind of magical fluctuation, as if there were multiple layers of waves radiating outwards endlessly. The power was so strong that it was no less than the effect of the magic elements caused by a full breakout from a Five-Star Magician. It seemed like the existence of those towers was the reason for the abnormal fluctuations of magic elements.

”Is it the legendary Mage Tower?”

Fei soon noticed that the six mage towers in the Hot Spring Gate were located respectively at every point of a hexagon, and he was already familiar with this kind of location, which obviously formed a tremendous Magic Array division. It was implicitly releasing a sort of strange transparent enchantment that trapped the Hot Spring Gate within. However, the strength of the enchantment was too weak to be noticed by most people; that might be also why, so far, the giant Magic Array still remained hidden.

“I see… the entire city is located on an already built giant Magic Array. Even the walls around are part of it. Once invaders show up, the power of the mage tower, as well as all the magicians in the city, can be used to stimulate this Magic Array. After enhancing the power of the enchantment, it might be able to defend itself against those gallant warriors; or even to fight them back.”

Fei gradually figured out many things.

He suddenly realized that the world was way more complicated than he expected. Fierce competition to survive as well as the history accumulated over thousands of years would only make this world even more fantastic. Fei was already shocked by the single wall in Hot Spring Gate, but it also delighted him with a perfect plan for reconstructing the defense of Chambord.

Along with Angela and Emma’s laughter, the whole trip did not only shock Fei, but was also eye-opening.

Hot Spring Gate was the economic and cultural hub of the empire’s northern region. Its population was ten times larger than Chambord.

As it was getting close to noon, more and more people from various industries such as vendors, artists, mercenary and trade caravans all showed up on the street. The crowd made the street so packed that you could hear all the noise from peddling and talking right beside your ears.

Two girls were hopping around, amazed by the bustling scenes that they had never seen before and totally forgot about the rest of the world. They just could not help buying all the fancy stuff they saw. As it was about noon, they finally decided to rest at a pub called Ivy League. It was now that Fei realized that his storage ring was almost full.

Ivy League was a popular pub among the lower classes in Hot Spring Gate. People from various backgrounds would like to gather there, especially the busy mercenaries. Fei picked a place like that with the purpose of getting some useful clues from those who traveled extensively.

Moreover, what surprised Fei more was the food provided by the pub. It was his first time to taste the amazing food from other parts of the world, not the flavorless stuff from Chambord. The feeling of being part of the cheerful and boisterous scene reminded Fei of his last life back in university, hanging out with a couple of friends, grabbing as much beer as they wanted in a tiny messy restaurant near the university, enjoying being youthful and fearless.

Fei had a sip of the rye beer and was reminded of the sour bitter taste, yet calming while going down the throat. Fei took a breath with pleasure, then glanced around in the pub.

Most of the men in the pub were mercenaries, dressed in some old but neat leather armor. The armor looke

d like it was polished a lot, making the leather look polished and shiny. It sounded like thunder when they were talking, sitting together in little groups and bursting into laughter from time to time. There were also some guys liked to enjoy their beer while waiting for a chance to grab the ass of the curvy waitresses, then everyone started to laugh again. People had their own groups. If you paid more attention, you could find different kinds of badges on them showing off their status to others. Although Hot Spring did not allow the subsidiary kingdom’s troops to get in the city, this mercenary seemed like an exception. Fei keenly noticed that almost every one of them had a weapon on them.

Compared to those mercenaries in the pub, Fei and the two girls looked totally out of place, not only the way they dressed but also their temperament showed unconsciously. From the beginning when Fei brought Angela and Emma into the pub, some people stared at them with curiosity, or to be precise, they stared at the two girls. The innocence and beauty of Angela and Emma definitely were refreshing the pub that only used to be filled with rudeness and boorishness.

“Hey, beautiful ladies, please allow I, Old Sang, a chance to buy you some drinks.”

“Oh my God, I see my charming goddess. Hahaha, have a drink. I barely see such beautiful ladies here.”

Once a while, there were some excited and hasty dudes from far away raising their steel cups to present their compliments along with laughter.

As for receiving this nice invitation, Angela did not get mad. Instead, she chose to be enthusiastic as well as elegant. She would hold the cup with a sweet smile on her face and had a sip in response to the mercenaries’ guffaw. You could not find any affectation on her, but only a deep elegance.



Fei was surprised to find out that the appetency his fiancée was born with did not only have an influence on animals. Even those rude mercenaries were unbelievably affected, and they were friendly when they were with her. Fei could tell, it was the kindness from deep inside of their tough hearts. It was the emotion that people only had for their families.

“That is strange, is that because Angela has the spirit of a protagonist?”

The wooden door was pushed open as Fei was snickering. The shadows of two appeared in the doorway, one tall and the other short.

“Haha, look who is here! Old York, when the hell did you come back from the empire?”

“Haha, I just came back, I cannot wait to come here and have a drink with my buddies…” The tall one replied as he looked around, eventually heading to Fei’s table with the short tiny fellow, saying “Hey young man, can I have a seat here? Everywhere else is full. “

Fei smiled and pushed two wooden chairs towards him, “Have a seat please.“

“Thanks, man…” The tall man named York sat down gladly.

All of a sudden Fei felt that things turned dark in front of him, as if a giant mountain stood ahead of him. This guy was exceptionally strong. Even the barbarians in the Diablo world were inferior to him. He was about thirty or forty years old, but his fire red beard drew a lot of attention, making him look like a bold and forthright man. His fellow, on the other hand, was a lot skinnier with a tanned skin tone, but you can still tell that he was quite good-looking. Not a while Fei noticed that this tanned skinny guy seemed very shy. Most of the time he just looked down, but when he lifted his head up, there was a shy smile, together with his white teeth and dimples on his face, made him look like a stunning young man.

“Hey man, get me two large premium rye beers! Hurry up…” the big guy York was knocking on the table and yelling, looking like he couldn’t wait for a second longer.

His voice was rumbling like muffled thunder in the pub. However, the other mercenaries were already used to this, and all burst out into a guffaw. Someone asked in a high pitch, “Hmmm premium rye beer？Old York, seems like you made a good fortune after going to the empire… ”

“Emmm, a bit, but only a bit.” The big guy scratched his head with a smile hanging on the face, not even trying to hide the fact that he did make a fortune.

“Oh come on man, you have to get us drinks since you got some money in your hands.” Someone shouted.

“Ok guys, drinks for everybody… I mean, regular rye beer, I can’t afford the premium for so many people.” The big guy said passionately without a hesitation.

The crowd responded with loud applause and cheering. The pub was full of noise and excitement again.

However, this fellow did not seem too happy about it. No matter how hard he winked at the big guy trying to stop him, he just did not get any hint at all. So he gave up, and could not help but shake his head and stare at the big guy with an awkward smile.

Seeing this, Fei started laughing at himself.

Fei had been observing those two guys the entire time. They made quite a strange mercenary group. As he could tell, they were definitely not from the best tier. The big guy might be a one-star peak samurai, but the young fellow might not even be close to a one-star. However, the strange feeling and sharp sensitivity of someone like Fei who had the【Barbarian Mode】told him that this young black guy was not as innocent as he thought. Fei could tell there were some potential dangers deep inside of the guy, and his scent was familiar to Fei, as if he encountered that somewhere before.

“Hey Old York, tell us about your trip to the empire, anything interesting?” Someone shouted in the pub.

“Ok fine, speaking about the big events in the empire, the one that draws the most attention must be the military contest among the 250 subsidiary countries. There are only 10 days left, and 80 or 90 percent of the subsidiary country troops had stationed outside the empire. Not to mention that the top ten first-class subsidiary countries are already there.” The big guy did not continue talking until he took a nice big drink, “All the chambers of commerce, private banks and casinos had set historically high odds and payouts in the market. Tons of aristocrats and businessmen were betting crazily on this contest… ”

“Stop here man, that’s out of date now, we all know about this event already. Everyone in the empire knows that only those from the first-class subsidiary countries have a chance to be the final winner.” Someone contradicted.

“Then you just don’t have any clue, I’m afraid it might be different this time.” The big guy laughed while shaking his head, “I heard that a few days ago among the kings of the subsidiary countries, there was an amazing young master that showed up out of nowhere going to the contest, who shocked the entire empire by beating the Golden Sun Knight – Chris-Sutton, one of the top ten Execution Knights from the Imperial Knight Palace, in the battle at the twin peaks tower.”



* * *





Chapter 205




Chapter 205

Chapter 205: An Even More Shocking News

“What?”

“Old York, are you kidding me?”

“You must be drunk. These kinds of things would never happen….”

People in the tavern started to shout. Although, being mercenaries, they had seen many bizarre things, they still couldn’t believe what this big, burly man just said. What kind of man was the Golden Sun Knight, one of the ten Execution Knights of the Imperial Knight Palace? The extremely talented and utterly gorgeous, renowned throughout the empire, Golden Sun Knight that had slayed countless challengers with his golden spear. Rumors had it that the Golden Sun Knight possessed strong powers that almost rivaled a six-star warrior at such a young age. How could this so called “Best fighter of the young generation” be defeated by the king of an subsidiary kingdom?

This almost sounded like a story from the fairytale compilation “One Thousand and One Nights”.

The tall burly guy took another sip of the wine, stretching out his neck and retorted, “How is it not possible? This isn’t a secret. It has already been spreading in the Holy Capital. Some people even witnessed the Golden Knight get beaten unconscious and was carried by his Knight retinue back into the Knight Palace. They say that the Head of the Knights Akinfeev was furious. And nowadays, every single prominent force from the Holy Capital, at least the ones who deemed themselves to have a decent shot, started to secretly prepare to win this unparalleled mighty king of the subsidiary kingdom over….”

“How come?”

“Maybe it’s real?”

People saw that Old York was telling the story in a convincing way and gradually became less dubious.

“Oh, I know! It must be “One Sword”! Only “One Sword” has the power to defeat the Golden Knight…” Someone was suddenly enlightened, thought he figured out the “right answer” and proudly yelled it out. Other people in the retinue heard him and echoed along. They also agreed with this answer–if out of the whole empire, you had to name one from an subsidiary kingdom that could defeat the Golden Sun Knight, that person must be “One Sword”.

“Hahaha, no, you are dead wrong. Jim, is your head broken? I’ve already told you, it’s the King of a subsidiary kingdom that defeated the Golden Knight. “One Sword” wasn’t enthroned as a King yet, he’s just a prince…Tee-hee, okay forget about it, don’t even try because you aren’t gonna get it. The guy who routed the Golden Knight, actually was just a level six subsidiary kingdom’s king who had never revealed his talent.” The tall man finally unveiled the truth.

“The King of a tier 6 subsidiary kingdom?”

“Old York, did you become retarded after being beaten by your wife?”

The big man became apparently agitated, stretching out his neck and yelling, “ No, your brain was the one that got smashed! Heck, your whole family’s brains are damaged! This can’t be more real. I would never get it wrong…”

However, the mercenary audience bursted out into nothing but guffaws and gloats. The man’s words seemed so outrageous. Hardly, no one trusted him anymore.

Sitting quietly just next to the laughing crowd, Fei on the contrary could hardly enjoy the humor. Instead, he became more and more anxious along the unfolding of the story. In a vain attempt to calm himself, he stroked his chin repeatedly and was truly astonished, “It has only been four days since my battle with the Golden Knight at Dual-tower Mountain. How could the news have spread out so fast? What is more bizarre was that the words originated fro

m St. Petersburg, all the way back to the Hot Spring Gate. This was indeed uncanny.”

Angela and the blond loli Emma could not suppress themselves and chuckled on the side. The two girls surely knew all about the whole Dual-tower Mountain Battle. Seeing that the people in the tavern wouldn’t believe it, Emma, with wide open eyes and raised eyebrows, almost jumped out of her seat in an attempt to advocate for the truth, but was stopped by Angela who clasped Emma’s hands and subtly shook her head. Emma had no choice but to sit down grudgingly with her teeth gnashing, fiercely staring at the people around them with rage, as if all those who didn’t believe that Fei defeated that Golden Knight were all her enemies.

“Hey bro, if you don’t mind me asking, where did you hear all these stories? Was it all a rumor?” Fei, in an effort to probe, deliberately beat around the bush to ask this simple and honest guy.

“How can it be a rumor?! Little brother, this was publicly announced by the Soros’ Merchant Group at St. Petersburg…” York’s face flushed red from impatience. He slapped at the table and stood up raising his voice, “You guys, if you don’t believe what I said, the source, the Soros’ Merchant Group, should earn your trust. Just a few more days, the news will definitely get passed to the Hot Spring Gate. And the news released by the Soros’ Merchant Group was very detailed–The mysterious master who has vanquished the Golden Sun Knight was the King of the level six subsidiary kingdom, Chambord, whose name is Alexander!”

“Wow, the Soros’ Merchant Group announced the news?”

“It seems legit, sounds more convincing now…”

“If it was released by the Soros’ Merchant Group, then it might be true. I can’t believe that just from a little level six subsidiary kingdom comes such a heroic figure.”

Upon York stately backing up his story with the Soros’ Merchant Group, the crowd in the tavern finally became progressively convinced. Indeed, an organization as powerful and authoritative like the Soros’ Merchant Group, would never blab or gossip with issues as important as this. After all, the ultimate virtue that merchants valued was being reliable. No merchant group could be considered reliable if they were ever caught spreading untrue crucial information. Not even once! For the hundreds of years of establishment of the Soros’ Merchant Group, no such scandal had ever happened before.

Until now, Fei finally figured out the knack.



The Manager of Soros’ Merchant Group, Harry Redknapp, and the Soros Caravan had followed the Chambord’s expedition army, and witnessed the Dual-tower Mountain Battle. There was no doubt that reason the story went around so elaborately from St. Petersburg to the Hot Spring Gate, was all because of Redknapp’s special “Soros’ Merchant Group exclusive” pipelines.

The only weird thing was, why the Soros’ Merchant Group had to trumpet and advertise this story? Maybe as greedy businessman, they saw the potential to make a profit out of it?

Fei captured the oddball exquisitely.

As the discussion in the tavern was becoming more intense, everyone’s interests were pointed towards the mysterious master, the Chambord King. The two girls sitting beside Fei chuckled with their mouths covered, listening to all the gasps of admiration from the crowd and feeling so proud seeing Fei calmly smiling by the table. It was hard for them to control themselves and not tell everyone that the “mysterious master” who defeated the Golden Knight was just sitting here right in front of everyone’s eyes.

Seeing that people had finally trusted him, York smiled with complacence. He lowered his head and took a big sip of almost half a glass of beer. He wiped the beer on his beard and suddenly rapped on the table heavily. He didn’t start to speak out until he had fully caught everyone’s attention, “Actually the Golden Knight getting beaten up was not the most sensational news from the Holy Capital. There was another event that had happened at the Capital. If I told ya, you will all feel astounded.”

“Wow there was more shocking news? Tell us, tell us, C’mon!” Someone urged him impatiently.

York was contented and appeased. He leered around, patiently waited for the tension to build. Then he skimmed his smirk and finally started talking, in a deliberate moderate tone: “about ten days ago, the Martial Saint Guardian of the Spartac, out of blue, officially declared the ‘Martial Saint Letter of Challenge’ to Master Krasic….”

“What? ‘Martial Saint Letter of Challenge?”

“No way! What do those stupid Spartac bastards want to do? Do they want to provoke the war?”

“Quick quick, old York, how did Mr. Krasic reply?”

“May God bless us, something big like this happened. Maybe the war will actually break out?”

The tall burly man York’s words could be truly qualified as breathtaking. The already noisy tavern now became blustering, just as if someone splashed a handful of salt into a greasy boiling pot – a sudden and massive explosion. Even the groups who were more reserved before and reticent could no longer maintain their postures, their jaws dropping and eyes opening.

This piece of information was truly astonishing.

The appearance of the “Martial Saint Letter of Challenge” was an absolute astonishing event all around the empire. It not only represented the arrival of a final duel between two superpowers, but also implied a face-to-face rivalry conflict at an unprecedented level, between the mighty empire of Zenit and the great empire of Spartac. Following upon the tradition of the ancient Azeroth Continent, the fate of the two empires was now hinging upon the ultimate battle between their Martial Saint Guardians. The “Martial Saint Invitation” was like a providence or a whimsy from the Gods, – mighty, unchallengeable and deadly. No one in the continent could resist contemplating the results. In comparison, the fiasco of the Golden Knight was no longer as significant as it used to be.

“The Spartac Empire really went too far. Mr. Krasic will definitely decapitate that reckless challenger…”

Zenit’s Martial Saint Guardian Krasic who had been promoted as a Moon-class Elite for as long as ten years was no doubt the No.1 powerful fighter in the empire, the Guardian God of the Empire and the absolute idol within millions of warriors’ hearts. All other empires were in awe of the Martial Saint Mountain because of him and no one dared to compete. And yet, finally, Krasic was challenged by another empire.

“Two months later, at the summit of St. Petersburg Martial Saint Mountain, the demon moon hangs in the sky, and the two Saints will fight to the death!” York finished his glass of beer, heavily placed it down on the wooden table and then yelled to the crowd, “News of this event has already been spread out near the Capital. I believe that any fighter who has courage will be there to observe and cheer for the empire’s Martial Saint.”

“When the time comes, I will certainly be there!” Someone was already impatient.

“I’ll go as well…”

“Me too…”

“Only those who were raised by goblins will miss such a matter….”

Fei saw the roused atmosphere in the tavern, suddenly felt excited for the battle of the Two-Saints that will happen at the Martial Saint Mountain two months after. This will be a battle to the death between Moon-class Elites and a great chance to get to know the exact level of strength of all the experts within the continent. It was exciting to anticipate what kind of astonishing scene will happen then.

After listening to the crowd for a while, Fei saw that the time was almost up. He called the owner of the tavern to pay for the bill and was ready to leave.

“Hey little brother, thanks so much for letting me sitting here, or else I couldn’t enjoy today’s good wine…. How about I invite you and those two beautiful girls for another round of drinks?” York said and stood up, called the waitress to bring four glasses of dark beers–three in front of Fei and the two girls. The fourth one was pushed in front of a dark-skinned little boy who had been sitting there quietly for a while. York hustled this little boy, “Philip, don’t be nuts, be a man. Stand up and finish this glass!”

The little boy didn’t know what to do and showed a shy smile. He grabbed the iron glass and stood up.

At this moment…. Duang! …A raspy sound occurred.

The tavern’s wooden door was pushed open hard. Behind the door entered several rampant figures. They went in recklessly.

The head of the group looked like he was seeking something. He looked around quickly, turned and whispered something, after seeing Fei and two girls, he whispered to the well-dressed young man behind him with twinkle in his eyes. With a smile, the young man strode to the table, sniffed with distaste, and stared at both York and the shy little boy. He shouted dismissively: “Go away, you two inferior mercenaries! Who the hell were you to sit with such beautiful ladies at one table?”





* * *





Chapter 206




Chapter 206

Chapter 206: He is the legendary Master?

It was quiet in the Ivy League Pub.

This young man who was dressed fancily didn’t hesitate to swear and include everyone in the pub. However, Fei was able to sense that most of the mercenaries in the pub were mad, and they didn’t dare to speak out, as if this young man was like a terrifying demon. The person who was murmuring into the young man’s ear was someone who Fei knew; he was the captain of the soldiers who were guarding the gate, and was still wearing his uniform.

Fei knew what was going on in almost a second.

The captain seemed like that he was leading the young man to find Fei and the other two. The reason? Fei could guess by how this fancy dressed young man was staring at Angela thirstily.

The tall and strong man York who was excited a moment ago was really embarrassed. His face was all red when he was being pointed at the nose and swore at. He didn’t know if it was better to continue holding the iron cup in his hands or not. Although he was very angry, he hesitated and finally lowered his head and didn’t voice out as he dragged the shy dark young boy and wanted to leave. It was obvious that he knew the identity of this young man.

“York, wait up.”

Angela spoke. She smiled, and the atmosphere in the pub relaxed. She reached out her white hands and grabbed onto the iron cup on the table and said to York, “Thank you for telling us all these stories. You are a passionate and straightforward man, I have to toast to you.”

After she said that, she raised her head and bent her swan like beautiful neck to drink all of the beer in the iron cup. She drunk the beer in such a manly way that the gulping sound resonated in the pub. After drinking everything in the cup in one go, Angela wiped the beer on her lips with her hand. This rough action combined with Angela’s beautiful face made her look very elegant somehow, and everyone in the pub was stunned by her.

The tall and strong York was so excited that his body started to shiver.

He didn’t expect this beautiful girl who looked like an untouchable goddess was willing to toast to him at this awkward situation. The shame and anger that resulted from the mocking fancily dressed young man disappeared instantly!

York grabbed the iron cup that he put down a moment ago and gulp down the beer as he was very thankful; he completely ignored the threatening looking that he fancily dressed young man was giving him. What was surprising was that the dark skinned young man who was very shy also walked up quietly and chugged down the beer that belonged to him.

After the drinks, York hesitated and said “Be careful” before leaving with a thankful and semi-embarrassed expression, accompanied by the young man Philip. Both of them soon disappeared on the street outside of the pub.

Fei rubbed his chin as if he understood something.

With a smile on his face, Fei gave Angela a praising look. For the first time, he realized that his soft and gentle Fiancee also had a valiant side to her.

The fancily dressed young man’s face was so gloomy that water could be squeezed out of his face. He looked in the direction that York and Philip left viciously and then looked at Fei and asked suddenly, “Name your price, how many gold coins?”

“Huh?” Fei frowned.

“Hehe, come on, man. From the way you dress, I can tell that you have some status. What? Playing dumb? You really don’t know what I mean?” The fancily dressed young man smiled impatiently and signaled one of his henchmen, “You tell him what I want.”

“Yes, young master. Hehe, kiddo, let me tell you. Young master Lulun wants the two girls that you got. Be smart and name your price……” A tough man wit

h a beard and warrior suit walked up and said to Fei arrogantly while pointing at Fei’s nose.

“Oh?” Fei laughed instant of being mad. “What if I’m not willing to?”

“Yuck! Are you fucking blind, dog? Who dares to reject young master Lulun at Hot Spring Gate?” Like a rabbit that got stepped on the tail, the man threw two copper coins onto the table and shouted: “You dumb fuck, take the money and get the fuck out!”

“Two copper coins?” Fei frowned again.

“What about them? Too little? The fact that young master Lulun is willing to pay you is a great gift for you……” The bearded henchman laughed: “This is the way that young master Lulun likes to buy stuff. If you don’t want two copper coins, then I will just give one.”

With a mocking expression on his face, the henchman took back a copper coin and put it back to his pocket.

Everyone in the pub didn’t dare to say anything due to the fear of Lulun. They all looked at Fei and Angela with pity and thought, “What a beautiful girl, too bad that she is going to fall into that demon’s hands again.”

“I can tell that you have some strength to you.” Fei sighed: “But you want to be someone else’s dog. You don’t deserve to wear a warrior’s attire, so let me take it off for you.”

As soon as he finished, he waved his hands. Before anyone could react, his hand smacked onto the bearded guard’s head like a lightning.

Puff!

Everyone felt like their eyesight fuzzed. They blinked their eyes and saw this guard getting smashed into the ground by this hand. Like a carrot, his entire body was in the ground except his head. Blood floated out of his mouth and nose; it was obvious that he was no longer alive. What was the most shocking was that his warrior’s clothes was taken off and piled beside the head. The entire scene was very strange.

Siiii!



A series of gasping sounds filled the pub as some of the mercenaries’ chins almost smashed down on the tables.

“You……” the fancily dressed young man was mad, he shouted: “How dare you! Do you know who I am? My father is Hot Spring Gate’s……”

“Shut up……” Fei frowned and waved his hand again as if he was trying to get rid of a fly. Pia! The crisp sound was followed by a few teeth flying into the air; the blood was still on them. Then, the young man smashed into the gate of the pub like a sandbag, and he broke quite a few tables and chairs along the way. At this point, the fancily dressed young man was lying on the ground half dead. There was an obvious palm mark on his face, and his face was swollen like a monkey’s ass. His eyes were forced shut, and blood leaked out of his mouth. His entire appearance looked terrifying……

Everyone at the pub was so shocked with their mouths wide open; they couldn’t believe what they were seeing.

While looking at that “demon”, some people subconsciously rubbed their own faced as they felt a chill down their spines. “Who could’ve guessed, this gentle black-haired man who was so polite when he was chatting was so violent when he attacks……”

Of course, more people realized that this black haired young man was a rare master.

Smashing the bearded guard who was a one-star warrior into the ground like a stake; no one under the rank of a four-star warrior could do that. This made many mercenaries yell out and scream.

“You…… how dare……” The captain who led that fancily dressed young man into the pub knew he fucked up. His legs trembled as he screamed and ran off. He saw this monster beating the young master Lulun, and knew this monster would beat him as well.

“You must be a bad guy as well. It’s too late to run now!”

Fei grabbed the air, and this captain struggled as his body flew back to Fei. Fei smacked his head, and he was smashed into ground as well. His ending was identical to the bearded henchman.

Fei didn’t hold back at all.

Everyone in the pub was dumbfounded. “This young man is like the Grim Reaper. He took their lives without hesitation, and among them was one of the captains of Hot Spring Gate. Where is he from? He doesn’t seem to be scared of the troops at Hot Spring Gate at all?” They thought.

Fei on the other hand smiled and nodded out of satisfaction.

For the last couple days, he was studying how to use the strength of the barbarian better, and he was getting more and more used to the advance techniques of using his strength. If he did this a few days ago, he could only smash the two into blood paste, and he could never just smash them into the ground as a whole.

“Let’s go.” Fei smiled at Angela as he threw three gold coins on the table; they were the compensation to the owner of the pub for destroying the tables and such. Fei walked out with Angela and Emma, but he stopped and went back to tell everyone who was still in shock: “Oh, one more thing. If anyone want to investigate this, tell them to come and find me at the camp of Chambord Expeditionary Force outside of Hot Spring Gate.”

After he said that, the three of them disappeared on the sunny and bright street.

It was still scary quiet in the pub.

After quite a while, someone said with a shaky tone: “He…… that man…… what did he say? Chambord Expeditionary force…… outside of Hot Spring Gate? Chambord…….Cham……”

“Could he be…… is he….. Alexander, the king of Chambord?” Someone murmured.

“That young man…… is King Alexander who defeated the Golden Sun Knight? He is the mysterious master who defeated Chris-Sutton, one of the ten Executive Knight?”

“He is this young?”

This time, everyone at the pub reacted, and the atmosphere exploded.

All the mercenaries jumped out of their chairs and chased after. They couldn’t believe that they were able to see the mysterious man in person. They felt like they were dreaming when they thought about the fact that they drank with this man.



* * *





Chapter 207




Chapter 207

Chapter 207: Re-encounter (Part One)

Fei didn’t know about the huge reaction among the mercenaries back in the pub. After getting out of the pub, the three of them pondered on the street since it was still early in the day and both Angela and Emma wanted to check different places out. It was noon, and there weren’t that many people on the street at this time. The autumn’s sun wasn’t hot. In fact, the weather was chill and comfortable. They went to many stores, and saw many interesting scenes. Soon, they forgot about what happened in the pub and the mood brightened up again.

Hot Spring Gate was named as the northern economical and political pivot hub of the Zenit Empire, and it had all the functional areas that a city could hope for. Fei picked out a few areas that interested him, and the three of them headed over there. The first place they went was a mid-tier auction house that was hosting an auction at the moment. Fei paid close attention to the process, but none of the items in the auction interested him. After spending some time in there, they left.

After the auction, Fei asked for direction to the biggest Money Window in the Hot Spring Gate.

Money Window was like the bank on Earth. They were all backed by the Royal Family or Huge Noble Families. These facilities were responsible for creating liquidity in the gold coins made by the empire, and they were also responsible for converting magic gems and rare items. Since these facilities were very important to the economy of the Azeroth Continent, the magic civilization and its effects were demonstrated here. The connectedness of these Money Windows were so great that if you had enough properties or status, you could become a VIP instantly. A Crystal Magic Card would guarantee you the ability to take out money from any Money Window in the empire, so the trouble of bringing a huge amount of money with you would be avoided.

However, to Fei, the benefit offered by these Money Windows was close to none since he had the huge storage space from the Diablo World. However, since having a VIP Crystal Magic Card from the biggest Money Window chain in the empire meant status and could be used to show off, Fei took out 10 high quality fire magic gems, which were [Ordinary Rubies], and exchanged for 100,000 gold coins to deposit into the account without hesitation. He instantly received a Purple Crystal Magic Card. It looked impressive, so it was perfect for showing off. Fei felt like it would come in handy when he participate in upper class parties in the future.

After leaving the Money Window, Fei felt like he suddenly become very rich. After all, ten [Ordinary Rubies] weren’t the same as 100,000 gold coins. The feeling of putting the Purple Crystal Magic Card into his pocket was very addicting. The King started to hum his little song shamelessly: “Yo, I’m rich, and I don’t even know where I should ditch. I got a Samsung in my left, and I got an IPhone in my right, I’m riding a BMW and ……” As Fei laughed out loud, he had a dumb impulse of hugging Angela by his left arm and hugging Emma by his right arm.

Then, the three of them went to many other places, including the Mage Union, Mercenary Palace, Mage Tower, Defense Wall, Blacksmith Shop, tailor shop, Soros’ Merchant Group’s Hot Spring Division, the Church, slave market, trading market, and the black market from the rumors. Fei got a lot of the info that he was looking for in this trip. His understanding of this world was increasing at an insane speed. Finally, they arrived at the camp of [Rapid Wind Legion]. The defense troop of Hot Spring Gate was tightly guarded and prohibited unauthorized personnel from access. The king would sneak into the camp and see what was the difference of between his 300 bylaw enforcement officers and the [Rapid Wind Legion] which was one of the top

ten legions of the empire.

By around 3’o clock in the afternoon, Angela and Emma were very tired. Their feet were at the verge of swelling, but they still wanted to walk around and take in the sights. Women were persistent monsters when it came down to the few things that they actually care about, so Fei purchased a comfortable horse carriage to take the two girls around; Fei himself acted as the groom.

The thrilling experience of riding with beauties in a nice car that Fei didn’t experience in his previous life was realized today. The king of Chambord wasn’t the mysterious master who defeated the Golden Sun Knight or a majestic lord of a Kingdom; at this moment, he was a young man who loved to show off. As he sensed the envy coming from pedestrians who were looking at him and the carriage, Fei felt great. He even wanted to open the window to show everyone that he had two beauties inside.

However, the king’s face turned green when he was feeling the proudest.



Chapter 207: Re-encounter (Part Two)

“Uh…… Where am I?”

Fei realized that after letting the horse walk freely for a while, he didn’t know where he was. There was no one in these streets, and his expert level anti-directional skill kicked in. He couldn’t tell north from south at all. His horse carriage wandered on the road that was getting tighter and tighter, but Fei couldn’t find the way out. In fact, he couldn’t even remember where he came from.

After about 10 minutes, the horse carriage entered an area that was dirty and quiet. In the maze like area, the air was filled with the stinky smell. It was like a different world compared with the lavish lifestyle of the other areas.

There were almost no one walking on the streets, and there weren’t any stores. There were only small and short houses made from wood and dry grass. The only people that Fei saw where thin, dirty, and in torn clothes. Black stinky water floated on the ground, and rotten garbage was filed up on the sides of the streets; Fei even saw some human corpses in the garbage piles. Dirty and vicious wild dogs and cats ran in the garbage piles in groups and tried to dig out food. From their dirty fur and thin bodies, Fei could tell that their lives were horrible as well.

“This must be the ghetto of Hot Spring Gate…..” Fei thought.

Fei didn’t try to leave right away after he saw everything. He sensed the familiar dark sensation that came off of the dark skinned young man at the Ivy League Pub. After some thinking, he rode the carriage towards that direction.

On the way, he saw some women who were thin and had a dull expression walking to the side of the street when they heard some noise.

It was quite chilly in late autumn, but they were wearing very little clothes. Their thin bodies were exposed as they shivered in cold. They eyes shone and waved as they saw people walking by. They were prostitutes.

The trade with these prostitutes were very simple. Fei saw some rough and violent mercenaries pick a few women who weren’t that thin among all the women as they pushed others away and started to do it on the street by just pulling down their pants. The payment that these women received were just a piece of dry black bread. One of the women was perhaps too hungry; she threw the bread into her mouth despite the fact that the mercenary was on top of her……

Fei sighed; he couldn’t really do much as an individual in this situation.

Of course, this area wasn’t a stranger to crimes. After a few minutes of proceeding, a scream and begging sounded on the side of the street, and Fei was just in time to witness the killing. A white haired elder got half of his head chopped off by two teenage boys around fifteen years old. As the elder fell down, the two half naked boys grabbed onto the pickled carrot in the elder’s hand and started to bite onto it like animals. When they saw Fei, they swung their rusty blades that were still dripping blood while their eyes shone a vicious light……

After about another ten minutes, the sensation of that dark skinned boy got stronger and stronger. After a turn, a cleaner clear area appeared in front of Fei. This space was fenced off by wood, and more than two dozen small wooden fences were built on the west side in an organized manner. In the middle of the clear space, Fei saw both York and the young man Philip who he met at the Ivy league Pub. The two of them were leading more than twenty kids who were about twelve years old to practice combat skills.

“Straighten your body…… be steady……suck your stomach in….. Yeah, that’s right!”

Old York was standing in front of the kids with his back towards Fei. He was instructing the kids a very basic punching technique. He was frowning as if something was bothering him; but after he saw the thankful and admiring look on these kids’ face, he relaxed a little and forced a smile onto his face as he continued to instruct the kids.

The dark skinned young man Philip was also practicing among the kids earnestly.

The familiar chilly sensation that Fei felt came from him. Fei felt it so clearly that he knew this dark skinned young man had secrets that others didn’t know about.

The clip-clop noise of the hooves sounded, and the kids all stopped. They blinked their eyes as they saw the luxurious magic horse carriage. They all had an envious, surprised, and scared expression on their faces. A kid that had a mushroom hair cut lightly pulled one of York’s sleeves.

“Little Andrew, why aren’t you practicing…… Huh?”

When York turned around and saw the magic horse carriage, he shouted in surprise. It was rare for a luxurious horse carriage to appear in the ghetto. But when he saw the person sitting on the spot of the groom, he was shocked. He gasped and rubbed his eyes as he didn’t know what to do.

“Hey, Uncle York, don’t recognize me anymore?” Fei jumped off of the carriage and laughed.

Behind him, the door to the carriage opened, and both Emma and Angela peek out their heads. When Emma saw York, she got mad. She still hadn’t forgot how this man left the pub without any courage. It was obvious how York and the dark skinned young man acted this morning didn’t fit Emma’s moral code.

“I do, I do! You…… You are King Alexander?” York said with an ashamed expression. He didn’t know what to do for a moment. Then, he walked up and suddenly kneeled in front of Fei. That action alone scared both Fei and the two girls.



* * *





Chapter 208




Chapter 208

Chapter 208: Are you willing to become my disciple? (Part One)

“York, what are you doing?” Fei quickly reach out, and a huge invisible power pulled York off the ground. He asked with a smile, “York, you know…. Eh, how did you know?”

“Your majesty, I……” With a ashamed face, the man told Fei what happened.

The young man who appeared in the pub was one of the famous hooligans at Hot Spring Gate. His father Tolemy was the Legion Commander of [Rapid Wind Legion], and his older brother Dilles was the youngest Centurion in the legion as well as the strongest younger generation warrior there. With two men who looked after and protected him, this Lulun was spoiled. He could do anything he wanted there, and no one could do anything about him. Numerous people died in his hands, and everyone in the Hot Spring Gate would stay away from him.

Today, everyone at the pub saw this devil wanted to get to that goddess like girl. Although they sighed and didn’t want to see it happen, no one dared to stop him because of the fear. Even York and Philip who were respected by Angela didn’t stay behind and help……

After they left, they felt really anxious and returned to the pub to make sure that Fei and the girls were safe. But when they got back, they heard the shocking news. The arrogant young master Lulun was beaten up. He got beat up, and two of his henchmen were nailed into floor like carrots until they were dug out. The other party was the young man who smiled and talked to him. What they didn’t anticipate as well was that the young man was the mysterious master King Alexander who had just defeated one of the ten Execution Knights of the Imperial Knight Palace.

After knowing that the three of them were safe, York and Philip felt more comfortable. They returned to the ghetto with shame and regret of missing the mysterious master Alexander, and they continued to teach the kids martial arts like they always did.

“Your majesty, please forgive us. We……”

York’s face became as red as a monkey’s ass when he was talking. He didn’t know what to say at this point; he left like a coward and didn’t even say anything to help the three of them out. He felt like he had stained the dignity and honor of a true warrior and a true mercenary.

“Hehe, York, don’t worry about it. I didn’t have the intention to blame you from the beginning……” Fei explained as he helped Angela and Emma off of the magic carriage. He turned around and smiled, “I knew from the beginning that you guys left wasn’t because you were afraid of death.”

“AH? Your majesty……How……How did you know?” York was surprised as his eyes opened big and wide.

The dark young man Philip had brought the kids to them. His was still very shy like a girl, and he had an apologetic smile on his face. Although he stood behind York quietly and didn’t talk, the three of them were able to feel that he was sorry for what he did.

“Because I have a pair of eyes that can see through people’s heart……” Fei joked a little. After seeing both York and Philip opening their mouth out of surprise, Fei explained, “When I first met you, I knew that both of you aren’t the type of people who are timid. And when you left, there were still hesitation and struggle in your eyes; it wasn’t the fear that everyone else had. And you……” Fei turned to Philip as he continued, “You dared to come back to drink that mug of beer that Angela toasted you with, how can you be a coward? Sometimes, it takes more courage to leave than stay. Also, it won’t help even if you guys stayed behind.”

York and Ph

ilip were so moved that they were about to cry.

They were most afraid of being misunderstood by Fei as people who were cowards. However, Fei was able to see through their feelings, and they felt a lot better about the situation. They bowed and thanked Fei and Angela repetitively. Mercenaries like them who were living at the bottom of society didn’t have great power and didn’t have great status as they struggled for their lives. They were already touched when they were able to be respected by Angela back at the pub. If they didn’t have things that they were still worried about, they would definitely had provoked and fought Lulun for Angela without hesitation. Although their status might be low, but the blood in their bodies was still hot.

“Hehe. I was wondering about what was worrying you guys. Wives? Kids? Parents? Relatives? Now I know. You guys are probably worried about these kids.” Fei said as he looked around at the kids who were only in thin clothes in this cold weather and patted the head of a girl who was only about 6 years old. These kids surrounded York and Philip as they looked up at them with crystal like eyes. Fei knew what was going on as soon as he saw them.

“Your majesty, you are really god-like.” York opened his mouth. He was already shocked by Fei. After a while, he explained: “You are right. These kids are all orphans, and they were only able to survive with the support of me and Philip. I couldn’t even imagine what will happen to them if Philip and I couldn’t make it back today. The winter is coming……”

Fei parked the carriage beside the empty space and walked into where York, Philip, and these kids lived. Fei and the two girls sat down when York and Philip thought they were about leave.

“Hey, did Uncle York go drink again and owe you money? Can you please not send those bad guys after Uncle York and beat him? Tina won’t ask for new clothes anymore, Tina won’t ask for cheese anymore, please, I beg you!” The little girl Fei just patted dragged Fei’s sleeve timidly as she said after gathering her courage.

“So cute…..” Angela’s motherly love overflowed as she picked up the little girl and asked Emma to get some fruits and snacks to share with the kids. Laughter and cheers instantly filled the little space.

“Sometimes, Uncle York would get thirsty and couldn’t help but to get some drinks. He owed money to the pub several times, so the boss of the Pub send some people after him to get the money back……” Philip explained with the shy smile on his face: “Therefore, little Tina thought you are someone who is here for the money.”



Chapter 208: Are you willing to become my disciple? (Part Two)

This explanation embarrassed York a lot.

“Uh? York, you were injured? You are not completely healed yet?” After some chatting, Fei suddenly realized that despite the fact the York was strong and tough like a mountain, there was hidden injury in his knee. As a mercenary who risked his life, this injury would immobilize him sometimes. That would be a huge reduction in his strength, and it might pose a lot of risk in the future.

“Ah, yeah. The backstory of this injury goes way back……”

After seeing Fei who defeated the Golden Sun Knight was very friendly, that he didn’t have the haughty attitude of nobles and royals, and didn’t look down and mock poor people, York relaxed himself. He slowly told Fei how the injury in his left knee occurred.

It was a really interesting story.

A year ago, old York was still an anxious and careless homeless mercenary. He wasn’t a nice person; he was one of the gang leaders at the ghetto here in Hot Spring Gate. But after he provoked someone who was much more powerful, his limbs were all broken by the person’s guards and he was thrown into a garbage pile to die. This kind of situation occurred at the ghetto where even sunlight didn’t even want to shine. During the time where his limbs were broken, he couldn’t move. If it wasn’t for these kids who were looking through the garbage piles for food and clothes, he would be dead. However, these kids found him alive and fed him some food and water.

In that period of time, York experienced desperation, self-destruction, his all-time-low, deep thinking, awakening, and motivation. Those were the feelings that one couldn’t experience in a short amount of time. But after this tragic, York turned his life around. He decided to live with these kids who saved him, and he got a space in this ghetto for him and the kids using his one star warrior strength. He then cleaned it up and fenced it off. After all of that, York registered as an official mercenary and could take some missions. Although he was only able to get paid very little for these hard and dangerous missions, he was able to provide a living for these kids in the ghetto….. However, since he wasn’t able to get proper treatment, there were hidden injures in his joints after he recovered on the surface. Especially his left knees; it never really healed.

“Hehe, I have a good way to heal it for you, but it might hurt.” Fei laughed.

“Really? That would be great!” York was excited, “I don’t care about the pain. If I can get this old problem fixed, I can advance in my mercenary levels. Haha, after I finish some higher level missions, I would be able to make more money and feed these kids whose appetites are getting bigger and bigger……”

“Ok, you are a great person.”

After Fei said that, he suddenly patted on York’s left knee. Crack! York’s knee bone broke into little pieces. But before he can cry in pain, Fei instantly switched to [Paladin Mode] and injected a beam of gold light into the knee.

York felt a numb yet sore sensation. He felt like the broken bones and his muscles were all moving as if they were reorganizing and growing. It was simply indescribable. After about 50 seconds, York found out surprisingly that the pain disappeared, and his left knee that was hard to move become agile like new.

“This is magical……” Both York and Philips were shocked.

They had never seen anything like this. It was comparable to Healings Spells that high priests at the Holy Church could cast. However, the priests who were even haughtier than the nobles couldn’t cast the spell that easily. “No wonder he could defeat the Golden Sun Knight.” They thought.

“York, after your story, I still haven’t heard much about Philip. Is he one of the orphans?” After some more chatting, the king moved the topic onto Philip.

“Yeah, your majesty. Philip was one of the orphans.” York said with a very joyful expression as he moved his left leg that he wasn’t use to moving this freely. He looked at the dark skinned young man as he said earnestly, “However, he isn’t a resident of Hot Spring Gate. No one knows when he came here or where he is from. Normally, a kid like him who didn’t know any fighting techniques or warrior power would have a hard time surviving out here, but he lived well and was even able to protect these kids. Before I came here, Philip was the one who took care of these kids…… He is a kind and valiant kid. I had never asked him about his past. Oh, I heard he said that his full name is Philip Inzagi.”

“Philip Inzagi….. Oh, you said he doesn’t know any fighting techniques?” Fei asked curiously.

How could a kid who didn’t know any fighting techniques have that familiar dark and gloomy sensation, like a knife that was covered by the blood of numerous people and was waiting in the air quietly to strike down. Fei was familiar with this sensation since he would also have this sensation on him when he was in his [Assassin Mode]. In another word, Fei believed that this kid had the potential to become a top-notch assassin. This was one of the reasons why Fei was willing to spend so much time here. Fei didn’t lack warriors who were willing to fight on the battlefield, but he did lack a top assassin who could complete missions for him in the dark.

“Yes, your majesty. Philip doesn’t know any fighting techniques, but he has a very strange ability; he is able to escape even if he is targeted by a Six Star Warrior……”

“Born ability?” Fei was surprised.

York giggled as he called for Philips. After he murmured to the Philip’s ear, the dark-skinned young man bit his lips as he hesitated. However, he seemed to make a decision. He walked up to Fei and lightly shook his body. Suddenly, he started to become lighter and more transparent. Soon, he merged into the space and was not visible anymore. Fei was even surprised by this at the end. “Not wonder York said that he could escape from a Six Star Warrior; there is no exaggeration in that!” Fei couldn’t even sense where Philip was or any of his trace when he tried his best.

Fei couldn’t believe it, so he tried several times. However, he wasn’t able to get anywhere.

After he switched to [Assassin Mode], he slowly emitted his Zen energy into the air like waves in a lake. After the re-bounces of the Zen energy, he was finally able to spot where Philip Inzagi was. He suddenly dashed as his body also disappeared into the air. He was nowhere to be seen as well.

York was so shocked that he couldn’t even close his mouth.

“Haha, got you!” A laughter sounded as semi-transparent waves floated in the air. Fei appeared with his hands on Philip’s shoulders. The young man was shocked as well; it was the first time in his life that his stealth technique was countered.

After putting Philips down, Fei laughed as he demonstrated a few skills of his assassin character, especially flashy skills such as [Tiger Strike], [Dragon Talon], [Dragon Claw], and [Fists of Fire]. Philip who was seeing this was excited; his eyes literally shone. It was a strange yet subtle feeling, as if something in his mind told him “These are the techniques that you should learn!”

“Philip, I’m interesting in taking you in, are you willing to become my disciple?” Fei suddenly stopped. After seeing the young man was intrigued by what he had showed, he asked with a smile on his face.

Both York and Philip were shocked! They stood still and didn’t know how to react.

The situation where they couldn’t even dream about actually happened.



* * *





Chapter 209




Chapter 209

Chapter 209: The Footsteps in the Fog (Part One)

Philip Inzagi opened his eyes and stood in place, the buzzing in his mind was like rolling thunder.

He almost couldn’t believe what he just heard.

The man in front of his eyes was a king that was personally crowned by Emperor Yaxin, occupying the status of a royal noble. Besides that, he was also the legendary master that was said to have appeared out of no where and defeated one of the ten Execution Knights – the Golden Sun Knight. To Inzagi, Fei was simply a character from a myth that resided on top of clouds, that he could only look up to.

Such a person, perhaps he would never have a chance in his lifetime to talk to once.

But today he was able to somehow sit at the same table with Fei and drink together. Now thinking about it, it was already the luckiest thing that had ever happened to him and was something that was worth bragging about among his mercenary friends for a long time… But who knew, now this legendary character no longer appeared in front of him again, but was actually willing to take him in as an apprentice… could he be dreaming?

“Philip, you… why are you still frozen there?” The tall York saw the black little boy standing there like a little dumbass. He became anxious for him and couldn’t help but start giving him eye hints and poking him in the waist.

“Ahhh! Yes, Your Majesty! Yes I do! Of course I do!” Inzagi finally regained his senses, his knees dropped straight onto the ground as he try to articulate his words to answer Fei. But very soon, he realized something and the smile froze on his face. After hesitating for a few seconds, he finally opened his mouth again, “Your Majesty, can little Tina and Uncle York … can they come with me…?”

“Brat, are you stupid? Don’t worry about us! This is the perfect opportunity for you…” The tall York was anxious and almost wanted to go up and stick his foot up Inzagi’s ass.

Fei laughed out loud, “Haha, nice, being able to remember your friends at a moment like this, it shows that I didn’t make a wrong judgement about you. I’m very satisfied, Philip, if you become my apprentice, your friends will of course become my Chambord Kingdom’s VIP guests. From now on, they are all under my protection. If they want, they can also become Chambord citizens!”

“Ahh! This… is too great! Too great! Thank you so much Your Majesty! Thank you, Master!” Inzagi no longer had any more worries, he kowtowed on his knees in gratitude.

“Thank you, sire!” The tall York was also happy like he was high on crack, he didn’t know that such a good thing would happen to him too! He giggled and scratched his head and then hurriedly began kneeling on the ground and started kowtowing.

“Get up, haha, great, very good! From today on, you are my first student. This is the greeting present from your teacher.” Fei’s palm lightly opened. Light flashed past and two uniquely designed pitch black daggers appeared in his hands.

These two daggers, one handle had a slightly slender grip with a threaded handle. The blade’s body was thin and light like a jumping flame. It had four segments, each carrying a fine barb. Although light and thin-looking, but due to its strange design, a light cut across the skin would leave behind a terrifying bloody mark. The other dagger’s handle was shaped like a coiling poisonous snake, the blade’s body shot out from the opening mouth in the center of the four poisonous fangs. Both daggers were forged from the [Demon’s Remains], and then polished with a layer of [Black Iron Essence].

They were personally designed by Fei, and exuded chilling air, giving a frightening and daunting feeling to anyone that saw it.

Philip Inzagi were deeply attracted by the two daggers from their first look, and his whole mind was immersed in those two, like a horny monkey seeing a peerless beauty. His eyes couldn’t leave the daggers for one millimeter, and there was a kind calling from his heart, as if a blood-linked feeling was detected.

“This [Four-Fold Death] and [Death Snake’s Touch] are indestructible, comparable to any god-tier items, capable of penetrating the thickest armor. Accompanying your gifted technique from heaven that makes you skilled at erasing your trace, they can demonstrate shocking levels of destruction. Today I’m gifting them to you, hopefully they can be used to their full ability in your hands!”

“Master, I will remember your words!” Inzagi took those two daggers into his hand, tightly holding on, feeling extremely delighted. He was used to using daggers in the past, so he was very familiar with them. With ten extremely dexterous fingers, any dagger-like weapons would become a black stream of light in his hands, travelling freely.

“Yep, and this is my token…” Fei took out a black oval-shaped twin-head token from his storage ring and handed it to Inzagi, “The Chambord city expedition troop is stationed near the water bank three-miles away from the Hot Spring Gate, I will give you one night to prepare. Remember, before tomorrow noon, you and York must finish packing and come and see me with the little ones. In the afternoon we will leave the Hot Spring Gate. If you miss the time, I will not wait for you!”

“Yes, Your Majesty!” Inzagi held tightly onto the token as if holding his own life.

Shortly after, Fei took Angela and Emma and left the slums under Inzagi’s guidance. They toured around the city for a while and, seeing that it’s no longer early, they returned by the same path traveled.

Chapter 209: The Footsteps in the Fog (Part Two)

After returning to their camp, Fei asked about the day camp matters and learned that everything went well.

Angela and Emma whose feet were almost swollen from walking took a bath and went to sleep, and Fei changed to [Sorcerer Mode] and directly entered the Diablo world to level up.

In [Rogue Encampment], Fei found the beauty mercenary Elena, and she reported to Fei in detail about the defensive battle they just had at Chambord city in the real world.

“A sudden emergence of mysterious black-clothed elites?”

After hearing Elena getting to the part about the elite in black that appeared out of the blue and saved Brook, Fei had an odd expression on his face. Don’t know why, he had a strange yet familiar feeling, as if he had seen this person before.

“Lord Brook ordered the execution of the Black Stone King, Chishui King, and Therace King. Would this affect King Alexander’s trip?” This was what this beauty mercenary was worried about. The right and wrong, in her eyes, were only about its impact to Fei.

“No problem, those three greedy wolves always got in my way, Brook did the right thing, eliminating future worries. Haha, if I was there, I would’ve already blown those three into pieces!” Fei smiled, “Recently the Chambord priest Ma Zola delivered quite a lot of news, and I already passed them onto Uncle Brook and Bast. They probably already know by now, the empire’s situation is not stable, Emperor Yaxin is critically ill, and on the border there was great enemy pressing against our territory, and there is a lot of chaos both inside and on the border of the empire. So, some random dogs and cats would take advantage of the chaos and come out and show their teeth and claws. If we didn’t smack them right back in the face, others might mistake that our Chambord city could be easily bullied. Brook did the right thing this time!”

“Lord Brook also told me to tell you, this time some elites of the Empire’s Knight Palace were also involved. This trip to the empire capital, you must be extra careful.” Elena remembered Brook’s warning.

“Haha, even their master was spanked butt-naked by me, not to mention a few dogs.” Fei was not worried, he already had something planned.

Before the departure, Fei left many back-ups inside Chambord city, and this time they weren’t activated, so he didn’t worry about the safety of Chambord in the following few months. “As long as uncle Brook and Bast could finish what I planned for them before departure, then after this trip is over, even if it was the Zenit Empire, I no longer have to face them with my head down.”

After learning the recent situation of Chambord, Fei and Elena were teleported using the portal to [Lut Gholein]. Under sorcerer mode, the second large map only had one mission left, which was battling Duriel. Of course, before entering the special dimension that contained Duriel, the two still had to find the real tomb that contained the seal in the 7 [Tal-Rasha’s Tombs], and then sweeping away all the monsters.

This time Fei’s luck wasn’t very good.

The two killed their way across the Canyon of the Magi, and the first six tombs they cleared were actually all fake and took nearly 3 hours, and then they finally came to the tomb gate that contained the real Tal-Rasha.

Tal-Rasha is the name of a legendary hero. A great leader who killed the flesh body of the devil Baal, and sacrificed his own life to seal Baal’s immortal soul inside his own body, making it difficult for that demon to escape. However, he also had no choice but to battle this immortal evil for all eternity.

At this moment, sorcerer Fei reached level 37, and Elena’s level also reached 36, and their leveling speed was slowly catching up and surpassing the speed in [Barbarian mode]. This was because as the sorcerer levels up, and under the condition of wearing the tier 7 Set Item [Arcanna’s Trick], sorcerers had a lot more powerful multi-targeting skills. Its farming ability far exceeded barbarian who exceled in individual PK, so the leveling speed was naturally a little faster.

The two entered the real [Tal-Rasha]’s tomb. After killing countless demons and finally coming to the altar, before Fei could even get the chance to pull out the Hodraic’s Staff and shove it into the altar, a mysterious cold voice sounded beside his ear reminding him of the approaching time limit in Diablo.

The Baal-hunting operation had no choice but to be stopped temporarily.

…

…

On the second day.

The sun was rising on the horizon of the eastern sky, the morning breeze was chilly, and the sky was overcast.

The mist was heavy, the whiteness were like a layer of white sand shrouding the ground, making it almost impossible to see things 10 meters away.

Near the water bank, the Chambord expedition camp started getting busy. His Majesty the king already gave the order of departure last night. The Bylaw Enforcement Officers already completed their early training drill, and they began tidying up the camp ground, taking down the tents and preparing for the departure.

Just then, a few staggered footsteps suddenly came from the distance.

The blonde teenager Fernando Torres, who was in charge of the perimeter of the camp gripped the long bow by his waist and focused his vision. His left hand reached for the quiver on his back, like feeling the smooth skin of a lover he gently swept a white feather arrow. The footsteps were getting closer and closer.

“Stop right there, this is the Chambord military camp. All trespassers within 20 meters will be killed without exception!” Torres shouted.

“It… really… is… the Chambord… Camp… I… I…am” The footsteps were getting closer and closer, and a figure covered in blood rushed over. The footsteps were staggering, and he actually quickened his footsteps and rushed over regardless of Torres’s warning.



* * *





Chapter 210




Chapter 210

Chapter 210: The Mighty One Punch

Seeing that scene, Torres did not relax his vigilance.

The blonde teen raised the long bow in his right hand, pulling out a big white-feather arrow from his quiver. The bow was pulled into the shape of a half moon, with the arrow’s tip flashing coldness, aiming at the blood-covered figure that ran out from the fog. He shouted, “Again, this is the Chambord Camp, cease your advance or you will be killed!”

“No… No… I‘m… here to see His Majesty… I…” The figure was covered in blood with stumbling footsteps. Despite hearing Torre’s warning, he continued to struggle over towards the camp.

Seeing that the opposing party was not heeding the warning, Torres gave a cold hum, the finger that was pinching on the bow string was just about to loosen, but at that moment, his vision suddenly focused and saw this “intruder” pulling out something from his clothes. The blonde teen could clearly see. This was actually His Majesty’s token. Surprised, he suddenly knew that the visitor was an ally instead of foe. He hurried over to help. After getting closer, he saw that this was actually a young man that he had never seen before. There was a half-meter long wound on his back that was deep enough to expose bone. It was shocking to look at and the blood spewed out like fountain. The injury was extremely serious.

“Who are you? How do you have the token from our King?” Torres took off the his cloak and wrapped up the wound on the young man’s back.

“I… Your Majesty… My teacher… I need… to save… someone…”

The severely injured young man’s trembling lips squeezed out those words. Due to the heavy injury, he already entered a semi conscious state. The staggered running just now seemed to have exhausted all his physical strength, and he finally couldn’t hold it anymore, not even being able to say a complete sentence.

Torres frowned, and was confused at heart. Just when he was about to bring this teen into the camp to ask His Majesty, suddenly, another wave of disorderly and hasty footsteps came from the distant fog. It was getting closer and closer, and he could also hear those people shouting at each other…

“Master, there’s the blood trail. That peasant must be in front of us somewhere…”

“Humph, he suffered such serious injury, he won’t be able to run far. Chase him, find him and skin him alive. He dared to hurt the noble me, I’m going to make him wish he’s rather dead…”

“Hahaha, Young Master please rest at ease, he absolutely won’t be able to run away.”

“…”

Torres’s face changed. Just those few words of dialogue gave him a good idea of what was happening. He gently placed the teen on the side, then gave the camp behind him a warning signal. He proceeded to draw his bow to full, waiting quietly for their arrival.

In under half a minute, 40 or 50 people came out of the fog. They were clad in metal armor, so Torres assumed that they should be soldiers from nearby. What was most attention-catching was the giant man over 2 meters tall, like a meat mountain. The muscles on his body were like giant stones sculpted by a sharp blade, and there was only one refined steel armor plate on his upper body. Both of his shoulders and his waist were wrapped around in four thick dark steel chains, and the end of each chain had an eight-edged black iron giant hammer that was a half-meter in diameter. The iron hammers were blood-stained and at least 700 to 800 kilograms in weight. His whole person gave off a feeling of being a God of Killing.

Beside the giant hammer guy, a young man in ancient Chinese clothing rode

arrogantly on the horse pointing here and there giving commands.

“Over there, I see him now, hahaha, go and get him for me!” Seeing the severely injured teen lying on the ground, the horse-riding young man directly ignored the blonde teen with a long bow and shouted from his horse.

“Yes, Young Master Lulun.”

A few ass-kissing soldiers that were eager to please him shouted in obedience, immediately wanting to drag that teen over. However, just after they took a step forward, suddenly, ten white feather sharp arrows ruthlessly nailed into the ground just a centimeter before their feet, forming a straight line with a distance of less than 5 fingers between each of them. The arrows were all 20 cm into the ground uniformly, and it could clearly show the archer’s extraordinary skills.

Hummm~ The string of the long bow in the blonde boy’s hand was still tremoring. His eyes were like sparks, coldly sweeping past the faces of those people and his mouth began to move, “This is Chambord’s territory. Any intruders within 20 meters will be killed without exception!”

“Damn! Who do you think you are? What shit is Chambord? Why don’t you get the f*ck out of here!” The neatly dressed young man on horse furiously said.



However, the meat-mountain-like man with those eight giant hammers showed a somewhat dignified look in his eyes. The marvellous archery skills of the blonde boy just now gave him a little surprise. Now, after carefully sensing it, he noticed that this blonde boy’s strength could not be overlooked. It’s like a peerless treasure bow that was pulled to the half moon state. Exuding a heart-pressing threat, he was an opponent that had to be carefully dealt with.

“This little brother, we have no intention to trespass Chambord’s camp. However, the young man beside you, he’s a felon of Hot Spring Gate’s [Rapid Wind Legion]. I am [Rapid Wind Legion] [Giant Hammer Camp]’s commander Andrew, please hand him over to us!” The black iron giant hammer guy with a scar on his face raised his eye brows and loudly said as he advanced step by step, crushing over like a giant mountain.

“Stop!” Torres sneered, “This boy carries the Token of His Majesty the Chambord King, you cannot take him away!”

“Bastard!” The young man on horseback grew even more furious after hearing those words, “What f*cking Chambord king. This is the Hot Springs Gate, the world of the [Rapid Wind Legion]. I can take away whoever I want. A little Chambord kingdom dares to overestimate their own strength. If you don’t get out of the way, I will take away you too!”

“Those that insult our King will die!” Torres was enraged. His shoulder slightly moved, and three arrows pierced through the sky and howled, bursting straight towards that young man’s forehead, the throat, and the heart.

“Ahhh… Save me!” The young man was terrified and fell off of the horse.

Just at that moment, with a bang, the current in the air suddenly gathered, just like a giant rock breaking the calm surface of the water. The black undercurrent flashed past, and a giant black iron hammer appeared out of nowhere into the trajectory paths of those three arrows. After three “ding” sounds, sparks flew everywhere and smashed away the arrows.

It was the [Giant Hammer Camp] commander Andrew.

“Hum, try blocking three more!”

To anyone that dared to insult His Majesty, Torres would hold a deep grudge against them. So he definitely wouldn’t back off right now. Just as he spoke, three more sharp arrows were placed onto the bowstring, again taking aim at that same three spots, exuding a tense murderous aura. With a slight pause, he released his fingers and the sky-piercing sounds whistled past again.

“Little brat, my patience is limited!”

Andrew was furious, with a fling of his wrist, the iron chain wrapped around his shoulders suddenly became like living snakes, crazily shaking up, swinging the huge hammer and making it look like it was weightless. The hammers turned into black thunder again, smashing towards those incoming arrows.

Ding~!

The first arrow nailed onto the giant hammer.

Andrew’s face changed, he felt that the arrow just now contained terrifying power. Just one small arrow was able to cause the giant iron hammer that was hundreds of times larger and heavier to change a little direction and cause an offset to the hammer’s presumed trajectory.

He twisted his write and was about to run his hammer again…

Suddenly, another “ding” sounded, and this time it was the second and third arrow lightly colliding together, and something unthinkable happened. The two long arrows unexpectedly split directions, as if two brocade carps wagged their tail and changed direction, drawing out a strangely graceful arc. The two was just enough to pass by the giant iron hammer and continue to shoot towards the young man that had fallen onto the ground.

The giant man Andrew’s face got even worse, he roared as he immediately flicked his wrist, and with a wave of dense clanging from the iron chain, the iron hammer pulled out a string of unreal phantom-like after images. Its speed surged and mercilessly chased after the arrows.

It happened all in a spark.

Finally, the black eight-edged hammer caught up to the arrows, flew past it while making contact, just enough to make the arrows slightly change direction. The arrows continuously pierced through three soldiers that the young man in the neat Chinese robe pulled in front of him to block for him, and brutally nailed into his two shoulders, fully penetrating the target and making the blood run like waterfall.

“Repeatedly provoking my patience, attacking the soldiers of Hot Springs Gate, you deserve to die! Dammit, don’t mind me going full out now!”

Andrew was furious. His arms shook once, and with the sound of chains rattling, the chains that were wrapped around his body were all unloaded down but floated in the air as if lead by an invisible force. Dirt yellow flames began surging out from his body, and the chains began circling around him like insidious giant snakes. A burst of shocking forces began to appear.

“Little brat, do you know the feeling of dying after being entangled by giant serpents?” Andrew grinned like a demon with the sound of the chain’s clanging around him. “You got yourself into this, now go to hell! Giant Earth Python’s Kiss!”

The air roared and waves of qi surged, and the earth was as if cracked open.

This was an energy technique.

In this regard, Chambord lacked skills like this. Although Fei already created a few, but Torres still hadn’t obtained his own energy technique. He felt the fury force of the hammers as he remained standing beside the heavily injured teen. The long bow kept ringing. The arrows burst out like a rainstorm wanting to block off the hammers, but little was achieved.

Just then…

“Sky – Frost- Fist… Get the f*ck out!”

A light roar came, and it was soon followed by a giant invisible fist mark from the sky. It gracefully flew over, without any violence, but the moment it smashed onto the giant hammers, it was as if time and space were instantly stopped, and then something was smashed into pieces. The iron chain and hammer pieces were like little pieces of snow flakes under the scorched sun, instantly rewinding like a tape and flew back at a speed even faster than before. They were completely shattered by the invisible fist, and at the same time, those refined black iron hammers that weighed 700 to 800 kg became countless iron filings, like a storm.

The might of one punch was flagrantly shown.

A tall figure stepped out of the fog and stood behind the crowd.



* * *





Chapter 211




Chapter 211

Chapter 211: Who is the arrogant one? (Part One)

“Who is it?” Andrew was shocked! He was scared and angry at the same time.

This captain of third Huge Hammer Battalion was in a terrible situation. The only thing he was holding onto were two scrap pieces of metal that were three to four meters long. The other parts of them were broken and were shattered into small pieces. What was worse was that his hands were bleeding, and the veins on his arms were bulged. His upper body shook, and he had no power to move any parts of his body. Half of his energy and spirit were destroyed by this punch, that was out of this world.

Such an impressive punch!

Such devastating power!

Andrew had not seen this level of mastery ever in his life at the Hot Spring Gate. This scared him to death.

What embarrassed him the most was that the person who appeared only sneered when he questioned him. This person didn’t even look at him. The person squatted down and held onto the young man who was in Torres’ dark-red cap and had fainted. An angry expression appeared on his face as he grasped into the air and a bottle of a red potion appeared. This potion was then poured into the young man’s mouth.

But since the blonde young man kneeled down and addressed this mysterious person as “Your majesty”, Andrew knew this person was probably the King of Chambord who the blonde young man mentioned. He had heard of this level 6 affiliated kingdom before, but his knowledge of news was less updated than the mercenaries. He didn’t know about what happened on the Dual-tower Mountain. He was mad and scared because he didn’t think this kingdom was anything, and he didn’t know how a powerful master like this man could be from there.

This captain of the Battalion also didn’t see that the young master Kulun who was lying on the ground in his own blood and yelling about killing everyone at Chambord gasped as if he saw a ghost and fainted. Kulun was so scared that his body was still shivering after he lost consciousness.

“This young man is a criminal! We, the [Rapid Wind Legion], need to penalize him. The Legion Commander Tolemy named this criminal himself, so just let us arrest him! King of Chambord.” Andrew stepped forward and shouted.

After knowing who this man was, this captain was no longer afraid.

Since this master was a king of an affiliated kingdom of Zenit, he would be under the jurisdiction of the empire and would have to follow the laws of the empire. Andrew was sure that this king would know the importance of the [Rapid Wind Legion] to the empire, and every smart person would make a smart move. To go against one of the ten main legions of the empire for a low-life of the ghetto wasn’t worth the trade.

However, he didn’t expect that this king treated his words like air. The king didn’t even look at him.

It was clear to him that the “criminal” who was lying on the ground was a hundred times more important to the Chambord King compared to the Captain of the third Huge Hammer Battalion of the [Rapid Wind Legion]. After all, all of the king’s focus was on the recovery of this dark-skinned young man.

After two to three minutes, the severely injured young man had almost recovered under the effect of the [Healing Potion].

The wound on his back stopped bleeding, and his face turned red from being pale. As if he vaguely recalled something, a scared and angry expression appeared on his face as he opened his eyes. When he saw the familiar face, he was stunned. But after a second, he struggled and kneeled down in front of Fei and said, “Master, it is you. Master…… woo……I finally found you. Uncle York, little Tina and others…… they are all dead. Master, I beg you. You have to aveng

e them……”

This young man was the new disciple of Fei, Philip Inzagi.

“What? What did you say? York is dead?” Fei’s face changed color as he heard that. He had a good impression of York, and he was planning to take him to Chambord.

“It’s them! They are the ones who killed Uncle York……” Philip turned around and pointed at Andrew and his men.

Flames and fury appeared in the young man’s eyes. The symbolic shy and timid smile could no longer be seen on his face as the seed of hatred was planted in this young man’s heart. He was like a beast who was licking its wounds. He wouldn’t wait to tear his enemies into pieces.

Fei glanced at the people from [Rapid Wind Legion].

Through the thick fog, he was able to see a dark-red metal prison-cart; the cart was rusty and had many big metal spikes on it. There were several heads on the tallest iron spikes, and blood was still dripping down. The eyes on one of the head was opened wide with a furious spirit. It was York’s head. This old mercenary who laughed and told Fei his life story a day ago had a cold iron spike pierced through his head. On other spikes, there were several other heads. What infuriated Fei the most was that the little girl Tina who pulled on Fei’s sleeve and asked him to not beat York up didn’t survive. A perplexed and scared expression was on that doll like face, and her eyes were still wide open……

These butchers! They didn’t even let kids who could barely walk go?!

“This…… this is unforgivable!!”

A fire burnt in Fei’s body. He felt like he had never been this angry since he arrived at Azeroth Continent. He raised his arm and punched out. With his full power unleashed, a transparent fist mark appeared in the sky and struck down like a meteor. A loud, ear-piercing noise sounded as this fist mark struck down, and all the white fog in the area was cleared from it.

“Supreme – Sky Frost Fist!!”

Before the fist mark was formed completely in the air, Captain Andrew already felt a huge amount of pressure from it. He felt like the sky was collapsing down, and this pressure made him back off continuously. Although he tried his best to use his yellow earth energy to power himself up, his energy shattered in this pressure and couldn’t be helpful at all. He felt like the energy wasn’t circulating in his body properly! His close to four star warrior energy was having hard time to be used by him!

The soldiers who were a lot weaker behind him all coughed up blood as they fall back helplessly like straws in a tornado.

“AHAHAHAAHAHAAHAHA……”

Andrew screamed. His internal organs were being pressed, and his bones were deforming. He was puking up blood, and his pupils were already expanding. At this moment when he felt the unprecedented threat on his life, he realized how powerful this king of Chambord was. This king only punched out once from ten meters away, and he couldn’t fight back or even struggle despite the fact that he thought he was a powerful warrior.

Chapter 211: Who is the arrogant one? (Part Two)

At this moment, a change occurred.

Suddenly, a stream of violent fire dashed towards Fei from a fire beast’s mouth as this beast roared. This stream of fire that was shooting out of the beast’s mouth smashed into the transparent fist mark of Sky Frost Fist. The two devastating power met, and time seemed to freeze at the second. Then, a destructive wave of forces was emitted to the surroundings ……

Then, the fire beasts whined as its power and presence disappeared.

The transparent fist mark also dimmed, but it was still striking downward. It smashed onto Andrew’s big body, Andrew’s body flew backward while shooting out a stream of blood into the air. A series of bone cracking noises sounded as numerous bones in his body broke into pieces……

At the same time, a figure suddenly appeared in the battle where the powers collided.

This man was wearing a set of silver general armor of the Zence Empire. A light magic surge appeared on the armor. It was actually a magic-empowered item! In the wind, the blue long hair fluttered, and his murderous spirit stood. This man had an edgy face and a serious expression. With his warrior energy surrounding him and forming a layer of fire, all the fogs around him disappeared due to the high temperature. The surroundings immediately cleared up, and this man looked like he was either a god or a demon from ancient times.

However, numerous cracks appeared on the hand-guard and shoulder armor. As he moved, these pieces of the armor fell to the ground and turned into small pools of black-red iron liquid.

“Great! Great! Great!!! Such a strange punch made from pure physical strength. It was able to penetrate through my fire energy that is protecting me and break this [Guardian of Fire God] armor. King Alexander of Chambord, no wonder you could beat the Golden Sun Knight! You didn’t get your fame from nothing! You should be proud of this punch.”

This man walked up with his heads up and an obvious domination and haughtiness.

“You are funny. If I could be proud by breaking your armor, would I be able to self-claim as the Martial Saint?” Fei sneered. “The number one warrior of the young generation at Hot Spring Gate, Dillies, is only an arrogant dumbass.”

“Oh? You know me?”

Fei didn’t say anything; he only sneered.

Old Zolasc and young Modric had the potential of being spies. They were like James-Bond. These two secretly got information on the important figures at Hot Spring Gate and made sketches of them. Dillies who was the strongest warrior in the young generation was one of the more important figures, so Fei naturally remembered him.

“Huh, you are good at talking, but that is useless. I don’t fight with my mouth.” The blue-haired Dillies didn’t get mad from Fei’s provoking speech. He maintained his haughty and high-up tone as he looked at Andrew and the other soldiers who were injured. He frowned and questioned: “How dare you injure soldiers of the [Rapid Wind Legion? King of Chambord, I need an explanation!”

Fei laughed: “Hahah, injured? You got it wrong. I’m not only going to injure them. I’m also going to kill them!”

“King of Chambord, you are too reckless; pay attention to what you say. The anger from the [Rapid Wind Legion] isn’t something that your little level 6 affiliated kingdom can handle.” Dillies frowned as if he was feeling impatient. He pointed at Andrew who was struggling to get up and asked, “Tell me, what happened here?”

“Yes, Mr. Dillies.”

Everything was simple.

After young man Kulun got beat up by Fei, he was cured by the priests at the church and mages. But as the son of the most powerful person at Hot Spring Gate, he had never experienced this before. He didn’t want to swallow this bitter pill and wanted to get back at Fei. But he knew that Fei was very powerful and had a lot of strong warriors who he wasn’t able to handle, and wasn’t daring to come to the camp of Chambord to take revenge. However, he was going to vent his anger anyway, and that was why his target became the two mercenaries who sat with Fei at the pub and dared to offend him by drinking the beer that Angela offered them.

Kulun didn’t dare to find his older brother Dillies who was the number one young warrior at the Hot Spring Gate because his older brother didn’t like his terrible lifestyle and would punish him for what he did. Therefore, he found the captain of third Huge Hammer Battlalion, Andrew, who always wanted to flatter him. Using the powerful [Rapid Wind Legion], he quickly found where York and Philip were at, and he with a ground of soldiers under Andrew’s lead went to the ghetto and didn’t give York and Philip a change to explain or beg for forgiveness. York and Philip had to fight back and resisted to protect all the kids, but they were no match to someone like Andrew.

York did his best to slow down Andrew for a few seconds, and Philip got a chance to use his natural skill to go into stealth. He wanted to sneak attack and control Kulun to save everyone, but he was sensed by Andrew who was a lot stronger and got injured in the fight. When he went into stealth again, he saw York being decapitated and fell frantic. But fortunately, his last bit of coolness told him to not to fight until his death but to find this one person. Only this person was able to save the kids who were captured and take revenge for York.

He escaped and found his new master, King Alexander.

As he escaped, his blood dripped onto the ground from the wounds on his body. Andrew discovered his trace and chased after him. Although Philip’s wounds were getting worse and worse, he was able to use his natural stealth technique, impressive persistence, and the hate in his heart to make it into the camp of the Chambord’s Expedition Force.

Andrew seemed very afraid of this number one young warrior at the Hot Spring Gate, and he knew this young warrior well. He didn’t dare to hide any facts or help Kulun to cover up some truth.

“Brother, you have to redeem our Tolemy Family. This damn king injured me, and he also injured your subordinates. He was just about to step onto the honor and prestige of our family……” Kulun who was injured shouted as two soldiers helped him to stand up.

“Humph! You useless trash! Prestige can only be earned from swinging swords and bathing in blood, not with women’s panties and your talkative mouth!” Dillies was very unhappy with his little brother’s behavior. He opened his mouth and shouted back at Kulun. But after that, he turned around at Fei and said with his haughty tone: “However, King of Chambord, that low-life over there injured Kulun. The Tolemy Family won’t let someone like that to live on. You better hand him over!”

“Hahaha. Jokes. He is my first disciple! What can you do if he killed you little brother? Let alone just injuring him. You are asking me for the criminal? I’m going to ask you for the criminals as well. Hand over the people who injured my disciple, and I will let your Tolemy Family go and won’t fight with the [Rapid Wind Legion]!”

Fei mocked back.

“How dare you?!” Dillies got furious. His fire energy surrounded him once again, and he looked like a demon from hell. “Let the Tolemy Family go? Fight with the [Rapid Wind Legion]? Such an arrogant little king. Since you don’t know where you stand, then let me see what kind of power do you possess? How could you defeat the Golden Sun Knight Sutton?”



* * *





Chapter 212




Chapter 212

Chapter 212: Sky Frost Fist- One Punch One Kill (Part One)

“Haha, after saying that much, it turned out that you came to challenge me, just to satisfy your own ego, proving that you are stronger than the Golden Sun Knight Sutton, am I right?” Fei laughed, “If that’s really true, then I really have no choice but to look down a bit on you. Oh well, what’s going be lost if I just give you a chance? One strike, as long as you can take one strike from me, then you can prove yourself to be stronger than Sutton!”

Fei said, then pressed his feet hard against the earth.

Such a simple move was followed by an incredible upward force. An invisible power like the raging vast ocean began surging out from his body. The air began to become dense, like a death swamp flowing slowly. What surprised the blue hair Dillies even more was, behind the Chambord King, he could faintly see a hundred-meter huge towering god statue. The details of the god were not completely shown, so he could only see a towering huge god holding a battle hammer in his hand, with his whole body shrouded in gold flashing armor. The whole body from top to down, every inch of it exuded a domineering aura, noble and majestic.

“This attack of mine is called the Sky Frost Fist… One PUNCH!”

Fei stepped forward and two fists shot out two consecutive punches like lightning, one after the another. The transparent fist marks began appearing out of no where and solidified in the void, appearing one after another and constantly stacked up into one, forming an almost crystal-like bright glass fist. Every finger, every joint, every line, each nail and even the blood vessels under the skin could be seen clearly. The fists were as if they had life within them, containing the thousands of changes in martial arts.

The number 1 pro in the younger generation of Hot Spring Gate Dillies frowned in nervousness.

From the bright fists filling the space, he felt unprecedent pressure. The strength of his opponent was far beyond his imagination.

“Fire battle energy technique… Breath of the Beast King!”

As Dillies called out his most powerful technique, the flames on his body began slowly changing from crimson red to orange. The terrifying temperature change was even melting the empty space around him. Shadows of ferocious beasts began flashing nonstop inside the flame, and during the roar, all beasts ultimately turned into one gigantic beast king with menacing horns and 16 wings. The flame that surrounded Dillies ultimately merged into the beast king as well. As this number one master of Hot Springs Gate began charging towards Fei, the flaming beast king roared in rage as it flew forward in the void with its 16 wings extended in the wind.

This [Breath of the Beast King] was indeed an extremely powerful battle energy technique, whether in terms of force or damage. It was actually not weaker than the Golden Sun Knight Sutton’s ultimate. As the number one master in the Hot Spring Gate’s younger generation, the [Rapid Wind Legion]’s Chief clan in Command, the Tolemy Family’s most outstanding successor, he indeed had his reasons to be arrogant.

“Great!”

Fei praised, gently let out a breath, and then shot out the punch.

Rumble~!

The heaven and earth trembled, and the bright diamond like fist in front him quietly moved, cutting through the sky, brilliant like a meteor, shocking both heaven and earth.

At the next moment, the 16-winged beast king and that bright fist collided head on, and the explosive energy sent out a rumbling noise that shocked the world. Andrew and the others just felt their ears dominated by such sound, and some soldiers with lower strength even began bleeding out of their eyes, as if they saw the end of the world.

Victor and loser, wo

uld be decided at this moment.

The 16-winged beast king that carried flaming energy didn’t even get the chance to roar, and its giant body was already penetrated through by the fist. The flame began leaking towards all sides, and the bright fist casually passed the orange flame, bringing a sharp ear-piercing sound and charged towards Dillies that was behind the beast.

“Oh no!” Dillies’s face changed.



Chapter 212: Sky Frost Fist- One Punch One Kill (Part Two)

He did not expect his best move to be child’s play in front of the Chambord king’s punch… It didn’t even give him the slightest time to stall. Within an instant, the fist mark was already arriving in front of his face. With the strong wind already blowing against his body and his mind going through a giant earthquake, his martial instinct instructed his body to mass all the fire energy into his arms, and held a cross shape in front of his body to block.

Ka!

The transparent fist instantly destroyed the fire energy that shielded his body, and the bones in both arms immediately shattered into countless pieces. The sharp fist power had him instantly feel the breath of death. His body did not have the slightest resistance in front of power at this level, it was like an egg under a iron hammer, vulnerable as hell.

Dillies could only close his eyes and die.

But that fist’s peerless power suddenly disappeared without a trace just before it arrived in front of his chest.

Dillies opened his eyes, and he was just in time to see the Chambord King casually swing his hand, and that mighty fist withdrew, dissipated into the air. The shock in his heart was unspeakable. Such an amazing ultimate kill shot, the Chambord King could actually withdraw it that easily? What does this mean? Fei still had some reservations, there was no effort at all, and he was far from being a match.

Such a discovery, made Dillies’s heart dead like ashes, feeling even worse than actually dying under the fist.

“Why didn’t you kill me?” Dillies opened his mouth and spewed out blood and said.

“The person that killed my friends isn’t you. I’m not a homicidal maniac.” Fei pouted, pointed at Kulun and Andrew and the other people that was standing behind him and said, “But, those people, they aren’t leaving this place today.”

“No… No no no no, save me, save me!” Kulun and Andrew both felt the murderous intent in Chambord King’s words. Their faces changed immediately and were terrified.

Fei didn’t say another word, he reached out his hand, and an enormous gravitational force was produced. Both of them struggled as if their lives depends on it, but it had no use as they floated and landed in front of Fei. They fell heavily to the ground. Dillies wanted to stop it, but the injury on his body made it even impossible to channel any energy. Severe pain would come the moment he tried to move.

“Chambord King, Andrew is the commander of the [Giant Hammer Camp] of the [Rapid Wind Legion], Kulun is one of the direct descendants of the Tolemy family. The two have noble identities, neither is someone that a small Chambord King like you could offend. I suggest you… don’t… don’t bring trouble onto yourself…” Dilies suppressed his pain and bean-sized sweat began rolling down his forehead, as he said slowly but in a determined voice.

Fei didn’t answer.

“Dare to kill?” His Majesty the King turned around and looked at the black young boy Inzagi.

“Yes!” Inzagi instantly understood Fei’s meaning. His eyes were locked onto Kulun and Andrew who were suppressed by Fei’s force from being able to move the slightest. The raging flame of hatred burned in his pupils.

“Where are the blades I gifted you?”

Inzagi heard, he pulled out the [Four-Fold Death] and [Death Snake’s Touch] from the hidden sheathes in his boots. The dark daggers had a chilling aura that could penetrate into the bones. Those were two daggers of death.

“These two people, you can kill one. Take your pick!” Fei looked at this young boy that was consumed by hatred, slowly saying.

Inzagi was silent for a moment, then he slowly walked to those two.

Those two people had already been scared to the point of their face losing human color. Especially that spoiled Young master Kulun. He was already pissing and shitting out from his ass. His kneeled down body couldn’t even move as he blinked like a mad man. The begging intention was written all over his face and he even wished that he could hug Inzagi’s leg right now and cry.

Poof!

A blood fountain shot out, dyed the earth.

A big head rolled onto the floor, and the headless body sprayed out blood nonstop.

Inzagi didn’t dodge, his face, hand, and body was covered in blood that was still emitting hot air. This young boy who was still shy and kind had completely changed. That kind of affinity temperament of not even willing to hurt even an animal was gone. At this moment, he turned into a ruthless god of killing. His eyes did not show the slightest hesitation. There was not the slightest ripple in his heart, and the hand that held the [Four-Fold Death] was as firm as ever.



* * *





Chapter 213




Chapter 213

Chapter 213: You are about the same (Part One)

After killing the enemy, Inzagi picked up a sword that a soldier had abandoned and pierced through the head on the ground. The tip of the sword appeared on the other side just like how the spikes in the jail-cart pierced through York’s head. Inzagi then stabbed the hilt of the sword into the ground.

After doing all this, Inzagi wiped the blood off of his face and stood behind Fei.

Fei nodded out of satisfaction.

Only kill one man. This was the test that Fei set up for Inzagi.

Inzagi didn’t disappoint Fei. This young man was able to control himself and his anger when both of his enemies couldn’t move at all. He followed Fei’s order and only killed one man. This at least told Fei that this young man was very respectful of him and was able to stay true to himself when he was faced with temptations……. Only this type of person was worth Fei’s time and energy to focus on and teach.

That was why Fei was happy with Inzagi.

“Why him?” Fei asked with a calm expression as he looked at the skull on the sword.

“Both of them deserve to die! But in comparison, Kulun is a descendant of a Tolemy Family and has a higher status. If I kill him, it would offend a huge force, and they would be after us. Andrew is only a captain in the army, so I would rather kill him when I can only kill one of them to vent my anger and hate!”

The head on the sword belonged to the captain Andrew of the third Huge Hammer Battalion. This strong man was now a headless corpse on the ground. The blood from his neck stained the ground, and Kulun who was the source of this these was so scared that he already fainted like a dead dog.

Inzagi’s answer was short and concise.

This was a surprise to Fei. The young man who was so shy that he had a hard time talking a day ago appeared to have a rare calmness. Fei would tell that Inzagi now had the rough calmness and intelligence of an assassin.

Fei was also quite pleased with the thought that went through Inzagi’s head.

It was obvious that this young man was still thinking about Fei’s situation when he wanted to take revenge. This young man wasn’t scared of death. If he could avenge the people including York and Tina, he would do so even if he had to die. But the reason why he only killed a less important figure was because that he didn’t want to cause too much trouble for Fei. Kulun would result in a lot of trouble after he thought it through.

“You are afraid of causing trouble for me?” Fei lightly shook his head: “Philip, remember this. The reason why I only allowed you to kill one person wasn’t because I’m scared of other people. The real reason why I only allowed you to kill one person was because I want you to come back and take revenge yourself when you are powerful enough, and not take revenge with my help.”

Inzagi was a little surprise. A thankful expression appeared on his face as he kneeled down to Fei.

“Stand up, you need some rest. Fernando, take him to rest!”

“Yes, your majesty!” Torres said and bowed at Inzagi, “Your highness, please come with me.”

Since Inzagi was the king’s disciple, his status was no different than a prince at Chambord Kingdom. That was why Torres addressed him like that.

“Your majesty, Uncle York’s corpse……” Inzagi said to Fei with hesitation as he looked at the iron jail-cart filled with corpses that wasn’t too far away.

Fei nodded.

He switched to Sorceress Mode, and a strong magic surge appeared on his body. Under the control of a level 36 Sorceress, the magic power sucked all the fire elements around him into his hands. He waved his hand with the fire,

and a thick a stream of fire dashed into towards the jail-cart like a dragon and enveloped it.

Sorceress Spell – [Inferno].

It would create a cloud of hell fire, and it would melt anything that Fei wanted to.

This was a fire spell that was more powerful than [Fire Bolt] that a Sorceress could cast in Diablo World, and it was the third fire spell that Fei learned.



Chapter 213: You are about the same (Part Two)

Dillies who was standing far away and silent was stunned.

“This King of Chambord…… He is a warrior and knows magic spells as well? He is a powerful warrior and a strong fire mage? How? He is at this level despite of his age…… Also, he looks so relaxed when he casted the spell that he didn’t even needed to chant or anything…… Just how powerful is he?” He thought.

Dillies had lost all ability to think. His opponent’s strength made him feel weak and powerless. For a moment, Dillies who was very proud in himself admitted that he was seeing a new star appear.

“Go back where we all came from…… Let York, Tina, and other’s pure souls rest in peace with this fire protecting!” Even though Fei was pretty strong, he still couldn’t save everyone.

Hot tears dripped down Inzagi’s face again.

As he saw the fire eat up his family and friend, Inzagi felt like his heart had hardened. Except the man in front of him, nothing else was able to affect him and wound his heart anymore.

“Huh?” Fei’s expression suddenly changed.

He quickly changed to Barbarian Mode and leaped into the air. He appeared in front of the jail-cart and smashed it open. After dashing into the fire, he came back with four thin bodies.

“Four orphans are still alive.”

Fei switched to Paladin Mode and used [Pray].

A mighty and divine golden flame appeared from within his body and enveloped the four thin figures from the jail-cart. At this moment, Fei looked very kind and god-like. As if he was a holy-figure, he blessed the four little kids, and the four kids who looked dead soon looked livelier; they started to breath, and their face got a bit redder.

“Ah, great! Kawani, Michael, Gonzalez, and David. This is great! They are still alive……” Inzagi who saw this was very excited.

For the last three years, these orphans were like his family. He thought that he was the only one who survived this and had to walk on the path of revenge alone, but he didn’t expect four of his friends to have survived as well.

“Philip, I will let you take care of these four!” Fei stopped [Pray]. The four kids were already back to normal, but they didn’t wake up; it was probably because of they were too weak from the lack of nutrients.

“Yes, your majesty.” Inzagi was delighted.

“Uh, go take a rest.”

Torres order the soldiers of Chambord to take the four kids and Inzagi to the camp to rest.

At this time, Cech and Oleg who heard the news had already rushed there. Bylaw Enforcement Officers and Saint Seiya had already organized themselves into their formations in front of the camp, and their presence couldn’t be ignored.

Fei pointed at Dillies who was severely injured and Kulun who was pretending to be dead and said as he turned around and walk towards the camp, “Kill everyone else except those two.”

The fifty to sixty soldiers who Andrew and Kulun brought turned around and ran. However, didn’t matter how fast they ran, they couldn’t get rid of the soldiers of Chambord. Without exception, these soldiers were all killed despite their cries and begs.

As the number one warrior of the young generation at Hot Spring Gate, Dillies frowned as he tried to heal up the wounds on his body. He couldn’t save those soldiers, even though he had the intent to save those cancerous soldiers. The strength Chambord demonstrated shocked him. Other than the King of Chambord, the blonde young man with impressive shooting skills and the thin and tall warrior alongside the fat bald warrior brought Dillies a lot of shock as well. Even though these warriors were no match to him if he was at his peak, he was still surprised that a little level 6 affiliated kingdom could have so many powerful warriors that were rare at even the Hot Spring Gate.

He couldn’t wrap his head around it.

“King of Chambord, how far am I from the Golden Sun Knight Sutton?” Dillies suddenly remembered why he challenged this king. He shouted at the tall figure that was about to disappeared into the fog.

“Sutton? You two……haha, are about the same.” Fei answered without looking back.



* * *





Chapter 214




Chapter 214

Chapter 214: Young Genius, Born Talent

In terms of actual power, even though Dillies had the reputation as the number one warrior among the younger generation at the Hot Spring Gate, he was still quite away from Sutton.

Dillies was about the rank of a low-tier five-star warrior, and he was only able to deal the damage of a mid-tier five-star warrior when he used his combat technique [Beast King’s Sigh]. That was still quite far away from top-tier five-star warrior. When Fei faced Sutton, he was injured when he used his set items [Bul-Kathos’ Children]; but when he fought with Dillies, he didn’t even need his set items to beat him. He was able to beat Dillies with 30 fist marks stacks out of his limit of 46. Dillies wasn’t able to handle this attack, and that showed the difference.

However, the reason why Fei said “You two are about the same” wasn’t addressing their individual power, but rather referring to their arrogant attitude and how they treated regular people. These two warriors had the same kind of annoying attitude since they were both from noble families, and Fei hated that.

However, Dillies didn’t get Fei’s meaning.

It didn’t matter if it was Fei’s transparent fist mark from the Sky Frost Fist, or the [Inferno] spell that Fei casted while in the Sorceress Mode, or the [Pray] that Fei used while in the Paladin Mode, Dillies was shocked and surprised by it. At this moment, this number one warrior of the young generation at the Hot Spring Gate was confused. He couldn’t really tell how powerful Fei was. After he was beat, Fei’s status and power skyrocketed in his mind. Therefore, after Fei said that he and Sutton were about the same, he didn’t feel depressed because he lost, but he rather felt a little happy from it.

It seemed like it was an honor to be able to fight with the king of Chambord.

It was truly interesting how the human brain worked.

This fog today was unprecedentedly thick. All that one could see was white, and it got thicker and thicker as time passed rather than disappearing.

Soldiers of Chambord had killed the soldiers who came with Kulun and Andrew. They decapitated them and placed these heads on their own swords, just like what these soldiers did to people like York and Tina. These swords were stabbed into the ground from their hilt, and they formed a bloody circle around the jail-cart and the corpses that was being burnt by the fire from [Inferno] as if this was some kind of remembrance ceremony.

After this was all done, the expeditionary force of Chambord took off in the direction of St. Petersburg and disappeared into the fog.

Dillies stood still and watched the expeditionary force of Chambord take off. After they were gone, he was finally able to use his own fire warrior energy to press down the damage that the Sky Frost Fist did to him and was able to walk again.

A disgusted expression appeared on his face as he looked at his little brother Kulun who was begging for help on the ground. He turned around and slowly walked away without even looking back at Kulun.

……

“Yeah, old guy, what do you think?”

On the peak level of the biggest magic tower in the center of Hot Spring Gate, two figures stood still at the window. A white haired and white bearded elder who looked very intelligent opened his mouth and asked. His white robe was clean as the cloud, and he had a white staff that was taller than his body in his hand. A powerful yet vague sensation came off of him as if he was levitated above the world.



“I can’t see through it.” A tough and white haired man answered. He had the presence of a lion.

This man was wearing a simple metal armor, but this armor had a ton of strike marks on it. Although this set o

f armor looked old and damaged, he still had an indescribable presence as if he had tens of thousands of troops behind him. A cruel yet bloody sensation that one could only feel on a battlefield was coming off of him. It was natural, and this man didn’t try to make it appear that way on purpose.

“Hahaha, I didn’t expect there would be a young man who the Legion Commander of the [Rapid Wind Legion] couldn’t see through.” The first white haired and bearded elder laughed as he stroked his beard. “This king of Chambord is too daring. He even killed soldiers of the [Rapid Wind Legion]. You Tolemy are known for your short-tempers and protectiveness. I thought you were going to kill him, and I didn’t expect you to let him go.”

“I can’t see through him, so I’m not sure if I can kill him. That’s why I didn’t move.” The elder in the armor said.

“What? You are the Legion Commander, and you aren’t confident in your ability to crush this young man?” The smile on the elder in the robe didn’t change: “Looks like I was right. When the king of Chambord fought with Dillies, he was holding back. Looks like there is a genius among the 250 affiliated kingdoms of Zenit.

“Chaos is about to arrive, and genius and talented young men would appear one after another. King Alexander is one of them……” The expression on the elder in armor’s face didn’t change at all; it was calm and majestic. “You are right, six star mage Edward Carter. Your judgment is right. The king of Chambord is a genius, and I’m not sure if I can beat him!”

“Although you are not sure if you can beat him, you can kill him for sure. Why didn’t you?”

“I know what you mean. If I used the[Rapid Wind Legion], I can kill him easily. But to kill such a genius warrior, a lot of soldiers of mine would die as well. I can’t let one of the ten battle legions of Zenit suffer such lost because of this little drama……” The elder in armor shook his head and continued: “Also, the Empire in under a lot of pressure and there are a lot of hidden currents. The appearance of such a genius might not be a bad thing for the empire!”

“Oh?” The elder in the robe stroke his beard and asked: “Old pal, looks like you are quiet appreciative of him?”

“Young genius, born talent. Why shouldn’t I be appreciative of him?”

“Simple. This genius that you are talking about beat your elder son and broke his belief of himself. He also beat your second son like a dead dog. Don’t you care for your kids at all?”

“Humph! Dillies’ life is too smooth, and some setback and obstacles would be good for him. In terms of Kulun…… Humph, I, Tolemy would never care for such a waste.”

“Woohoo. Same attitude as before…… Although Kulun isn’t a great one, he is your son after all. He is the last thing that your wife Vera left for you.”

The elder in armor’s expression got cold and said, “If it wasn’t because of Vera, Kulun would have been killed by me hundreds of times for what he has done in the Hot Spring Gate!”

The atmosphere got a little quieter as this topic was brought up, and no one talked anymore.

The two of them used special techniques to see exactly what had happened outside of the Hot Spring Gate standing at the peak of this magic tower. Because of their silence, no troops or powerful warriors appeared even though the battle between Dillies and Fei was loud. Otherwise, the event would had another turn out.

As if these two elders knew what went through each other’s mind, both of them let this event pass.

However, what they didn’t know was that what Fei was relying on was beyond their wildest dreams.



* * *





Chapter 215




Chapter 215

HTK chapter 215: Paradise of Metal and Fire

After leaving the Hot Spring Gate, the traveling speed of the Chambord Expeditionary Force was slow since they were waiting for the rest of the group led by Lampard to join them. After a day, they finally left the area controlled by the [Rapid Wind Legion].

Although the people in the Soros’ Merchant Group had delivered most of their merchandise at the Hot Spring Gate, the manager Redknapp and the red dressed woman Shirley still made some excuses and went towards St. Petersburg with Fei. In the Ivy League Pub, Fei already figured out that this manager Redknapp had already spread out the news about the battle on Dual-Tower Mountains at St. Petersburg. He knew that the Soros’ Merchant Group was planning something, but he felt like they were still on his side. Therefore, he still let Redknapp and the others stay with him.

“Father, since we are already out of the region controlled by the Hot Spring Gate, you should relax.” Shirley looked at the landmarks around her and suddenly said.

“This is strange. Those two old guys didn’t appear. This doesn’t follow their over-protective nature……” white air came out of Redknapp’s big red nose as he said with a perplexed expression on his face, “I remember that one of the ten Executive Knight – the Dark-Night Knight Kelud killed an ordinary soldier of the [Rapid Wind Legion] back in the days, and Tolemy and Edward Carter chased after him and almost killed him before he was able to run back to St. Petersburg. This time, King Alexander killed captain Andrew and about fifty soldiers and injured both sons of Tolemy, but none of these two mad dogs did anything. This is really strange.”

“Maybe they are older now, and they are not as dominating anymore.” Shirley comforted her father.

“That is impossible. It may apply to others, but those two…… Hehe, the older the dogs, the crazier they are. Even a lot of nobles and powerhouses at St. Petersburg don’t what to stand on the opposite side of these two old men. Unless…… they discovered something that I didn’t realize.” Redknapp rubbed his red nose; it was something he always did when he was thinking. “King Alexander of Chambord, there are too many mysteries around him. Maybe I should tell the president of our firm to come to the Zenit Empire soon.”

“Maybe the mad dogs will stop and not do anything if they encountered someone who is crazier than them.” The swordsman in white who was silent all the way suddenly said.

Redknapp’s eyes shone as he heard that.

……

“So this is St. Petersburg?”

After getting on top of the last mountain, Fei sighed as if he couldn’t imagine what he was seeing. By standing at the peak of Moro Mountain, he was able to see the glorious city ten kilometers away.

It was a majestic city that Fei couldn’t have imagined. If Chambord was considered a village or a town, Hot Spring Gate was considered a rich city, then St. Petersburg would be a huge palace that only gods lived in. At the bottom of Moro Mountain, there was a wide and long road that led to the city in white as if it was a mirage that wasn’t real!

Although Fei had seen a lot of huge cities powered by technology, he hadn’t imagined that a magnificent city of this size could exist in this world with the current technological level…… many magic towers that were more than a kilometer tall soared into the sky as if they were connected with the sky, and numerous palaces and structures extended to the visible horizon. There was a huge mountain located in the center of the city, and there was a white palace at the peak of the mountain, as if a god lived there to look down on all othe

r lives. White defense walls were really tall. They looked like unconquerable skylines. Huge watchtowers that were 100 meters apart were like giants who guarded this majestic city, and no one could gather up the courage to attack them. This “city of gods” would instantly send people into dreams……. Is this the work of the gods?



“Only a true hero is worthy enough to have this white dreamy city!”

Fei who was on top of [Black Tornado] felt the wind that fluttered his black hair and sighed. He was so shocked that he lost his words. At the same time, an unprecedented desire of conquer grew from the deepest part of his heart. This was the desire that everyone had in their souls.

Behind Fei, Cech and Torres just arrived as well.

Both of them reacted similar to Fei. After a simple stun, they both saw the shock and desire in each other’s eyes. Soon, more and more people appeared behind them. Looking from afar, no one was not shocked by this city. Everyone opened their eyes wide and big as their breathed heavily as if they saw their dream lover. Like a bunch of bumpkins who only rolled in mud, they didn’t know what to do when they were about to enter this palace that looked like only mighty gods could live in it.

People from Soros’ Merchant Group showed up last.

They had seen this scene many times – everyone who saw St. Petersburg for the first time would be shocked by what they saw. In comparison, how people from Chambord reacted was normal. There were numerous people who cried out of shock or kneeled down to pray. There were even extreme cases where people kneeled forward on this road that led to the capital of Zenit……

“Haha, one day, I will have a huge city that is mightier than St. Petersburg!”

Fei quickly recovered from the shock. He laughed and shouted to wake everyone else from their shock. He then patted [Black Tornado] as he and the dog charged forward on the wide road. The people behind them cheered as they followed their king’s action. As a group, they rushed towards St. Petersburg like tigers getting down a mountain and dragons dashing out of a sea.

Redknapp memorized Fei’s words as he thought of something.

The slope of the mountain from the peak of Moro to the road that led to St. Petersburg at the bottom of Moro was very steep, and it was perfect for cavaliers to charge down on. The faster they charged, the quicker it got. Soon, Chambord’s Expeditionary Force got to the bottom of the mountain. At this time, there were numerous camp sites and tents set up. Numerous troops from all the affiliated kingdoms would reside here for the next while. There were long rectangular flags of all colors and all symbols as if they were the clouds in the sky. They covered up half of the sky as they gave off a tense battle-hunger sensation.

Zenit’s Military Practice among all affiliated kingdoms was less than two weeks away, and about 90% of the affiliated kingdoms were here already. To protect the safety of the capital city, no troops of any affiliated kingdom was allowed within the 1.5 kilometer distance from the capital. All of the affiliated kingdoms had to camp on this wide space in front of the capital, and every kingdom was pre-assigned an area to camp. The distance between the camp areas to the capital city was determined based on the power and the level of each kingdom. No kingdom was allowed to move out of their area, or they would be treat with the crime of treason.

At the same time, four of the ten combat legions of the empire: [Whip of the Thunder Lord], [Anger of the Fire Lord], [Gigantic Wood Legion], and [Blizzard Legion] also camped around the area. With more than 200,000 elite soldiers, six of the ten Executive Knights, and twenty temporary magic towers with top-tier mages of the empire living surrounding where all the kingdoms resided, the safety and the guard of the empire was beyond everyone’s imagination!

When the Expeditionary Force of Chambord got to the bottom of the mountain, there was a troop of the empire waiting for them. After verifying their identity, a captain led them to the area that was pre-assigned to Chambord. As they travelled by the camps of other kingdoms, Fei saw many participating troops from other kingdoms. There were all kinds of armors, all kinds of caps, and all kinds of man; these soldiers looked at the forces from Chambord with either friendly or hostile expressions……

This whole area was filled with murderous and tense atmosphere. There were masters and vicious bloodthirsty fighters among elites soldiers from all kingdoms. Fei even saw all kinds of Demon Beasts that got trained to become helpers. Among these soldiers, the most active ones even raised their weapons and provoked the newcomers.

Savage, violent, blood-thirsty, cruel, crazy, murderous …… This was a Paradise of Metal and Fire

Happy Black Friday guys! Now you can do your mad shopping spree on Amazon while supporting HTK to get more chapters! Just click through the links below and purchase what you want, and you will generate donation for HTK! All donation will also count towards Patreon goal of resuming 3 chaps per week after we can afford more translators.

Four bonus chaps will be in stock for release this weekend, and we will let you know if there are more bonus chaps in stock.

Revenue is added to the donation progress bar once every week displayed on the side bar.



* * *





Chapter 216




Chapter 216

Chapter 216: Thunder like Voice (Part One)

“Hey girls, during competition, I will cut your heads off…….” A tough man who was taller than two meters licked his blade as he stood in his own camp and saw the expeditionary forces from Chambord walking by.

“Woof-!” A huge black big unicorn forehead jumped onto the other side of the fence viciously and roared. It opened its mouth wide and blew out a bloody scent as the people of Chambord went by.

There was also a warrior in a full set of iron metal only with his eyes exposed. His eyes showed his murderous spirit as he stood up quickly in the camp of his kingdom. With his eyes fixed on everyone who walked by, he held the sword that was still dripping blood tightly in his hands as if he was going to attack any second.

Fei who was riding on [Black Tornado] heard a lot of loud chatter–

“Two headed dog flag? Which kingdom has that flag?”

“No sure, but from the look of it, they are just a tiny small kingdom……”

“Hehe, small kingdom…… they are like bystanders in this competition……”

“But what are they riding on?…… Huh? Those are level 4 Roaring Flame Beasts? Could it be the Chishui Kingdom? But the king of Chishui isn’t that young. Look at the young man leading the troop, he probably is the king……”

“What is he riding on? …… Huh? I have never seem such a beast before…… Horse? It doesn’t look like a horse, but more like a dog……”

“Bullshit, how can a dog be that big?”

Fei and his troops walked pass by the majority of the camp sites as everyone else looked at them. Among 250 affiliated kingdoms, there were kingdoms that were prosperous, and there were kingdoms where even the kings were wrapped in animal skins like old hunters. The expeditionary force of Chambord was wearing shiny armor, and that attracted a lot of jealous and envious stares. Especially the level 4 Roaring Flame Beasts that the Saint Seiyas were riding on. Those made a lot of high level warriors drool in envy.

People who were daring enough even followed behind the troops and wanted to know how powerful this troop that was made of less than a hundred soldiers was.

“King Alexander, this space beside the river belongs to Chambord.” The captain who was leading the way was very friendly. He pointed at the camp site by the river and said.

This was an empty space of about 20 acres. It was very flat, and it was beside a river that travelled through a majority of the camp sites. Since there was a thin layer of grass and it was beside the water sources, this site was very suitable for camping. This empty space was blocked off by iron chains and stone pillars from sites belonged to other kingdoms, and a ten meter tall stone pillar with the big word “Chambord” was engraved on it right in the middle of everything.

“Your majesty, my name is Torsy. If you have anything questions, you can send someone to get me from the first battalion of the [Blizzard Legion]. Since you guys traveled for a while, you all must be tired. I won’t bother you guys long; I believe that we will see each other soon!”

This captain named Torsy was very friendly. From what he said, he was a member of the number on battle legion among the top ten legions, [Blizzard Legion]. This surprised Fei a little. After leading Fei and soldiers of Chambord to their camp site, Torsy also left a book of rules and guidelines that everyone had to follow during this competition, and then he left. Torsy was very smart in the way he talked; he didn’t appear to be too close with Fei, but he showed his friendliness.

After saying bye to this captain Tor

sy, the expeditionary force started to set up. Unlike the temporary camps that they set up along the way to here, the camps this time needed to be used for about a month, and everything needed to be firm and tight. Oleg himself took the lead to instruct and work with the soldiers to build them. Many comfortable and fancy tents and magic building materials that were purchased at the Hot Spring Gate were now very useful.



Chapter 216: Thunder like Voice (Part Two)

The people who followed the Chambord’s Expeditionary Force saw the word on the stone pillar at the center of the camp and knew where this troop came from. Most of these people’s expression turned serious as they hurried back to their camps to report this news to their kings.

“Shit…… so these guys are the rumored vicious killers of Chambord. I have to tell his majesty about this news. We shouldn’t provoke them! The king of Chambord who defeated the Golden Sun Knight isn’t someone who we, a level 4 affiliated kingdom, can handle!”

“Chambord? They are from Chambord? We can’t get on their wrong side!”

“Looks like that black haired young man who rode that strange beast must be the King of Chambord who is really famous now at St. Petersburg. He is this young? Unbelievable! He really defeated the Golden Sun Knight from Imperial Knight Palace? These types of people, we can only be friends with and not enemies!”

“The king of Chambord who came to in a light and unexpected manner … the outcome from the battle of Dual-Tower Mountain is widespread…… Hehe, I will let you enjoy the fame for now. However, the Imperial Knight Palace won’t let you be this arrogant for long……”

After getting the report from their subordinates, some kings who were envious of the level 4 Roaring Flame Beasts got rid of their greed. These kings had their reliable sources of information, and they all knew about the result of the battle at Dual-tower Mountains. They knew that someone who defeated the Golden Sun Knight wasn’t someone who they could take on, and they became very simple and didn’t plan any more tricks or conspiracies.

Of course, not all kings had good information flows. Even though the news of the battle of Dual-tower Mountains wasn’t new, for the kings whose kingdoms were remote and couldn’t enter St. Petersburg to access anything, the king of Chambord wasn’t someone who defeated one of the ten Executive Knights of the Imperial Knight Palace, but a king of a weak level 6 affiliated kingdom. Based on Fei’s age, they didn’t think that Fei was much trouble.

Some greediness started to overflow……

“This is not fair, why can Chambord, a level 6 affiliated kingdom, enjoy a high-quality camp site that only other level 1 or level 2 affiliated kingdoms can enjoy?”

“These people from Chambord are being treated too favorably!”

Some of the kings questioned.

Before these kings could move, someone already did.

Suddenly, a loud voice sounded as if it was a thunder. Everyone in these camp sites within 10 kilometers heard it clearly –

“King of Chambord, I, Kelud challenge you to a battle! Tomorrow noon, at the first Sword Testing Ground, I will be waiting for you!”

This voice resonated in the sky.

Every single king heard this voice, and they were all shocked.

“Kelud? He is ranked number seven among all ten Executive Knights. He is someone of power and influence, and he is going to challenge the King of Chambord already?”

“Haha, looks like the fact that the King of Chambord defeated Golden Sun Knight brought some shame to the Imperial Knight Palace. All the rumors at St’ Petersburg have harmed the reputation of the Palace, and that’s probably why an Executive Knight challenged the King of Chambord in less than ten minutes after their arrival!”

“This is a great opportunity to see if King of Chambord is as invincible as he is in the rumors!”

……

Fei heard this voice as well.

“Kelud? Who is he?”

The king was able to tell from the tone of the voice that this challenger wasn’t weak. At least, this challenger was stronger than Sutton. “Is it because of my face? Does my face automatically provoke people to challenge me? Why are there people challenging me all the time? Or am I too kind so everyone feels like they can show off in front of me?”

“Your majesty, Kelud is ranked number seven among all ten Executive Knights, and he is a lot stronger than the Golden Sun Knight Sutton. He is technically a warrior of the generation before you.” Old Zolasc reported. He and Modric spent a lot of time on collecting information and although the information gathering system of Chambord was really bad and almost non-existent, the information on the Executive Knights, who were really famous and well-known in the empire, was at least gathered to a certain degree.

“Another Executive Knight?”

Fei rubbed his chin. He instantly knew why he was challenged. The saying goes, “After you beat the youth, the elders will come.”

“So he is here for redemption? But if this number seven knight loses, would the number three, number two, or number one Executive Knight come and challenge me as well? Isn’t that the same as poking a Hornet’s nest?” Fei thought.

“This time, I have to so cruel and dominating that no one dares to bother me again!”



* * *





Chapter 217




Chapter 217

Chapter 217: 50 Sword Testing Stage (Part One)

Before the sunset, the soldiers were finally able to set up all the tents.

The other several kingdoms that were beside Chambord’s camp were all surprised because of one reason: it was just too luxurious. All the tents were the premium tents where magic arrays were engraved on them to give them a warm temperature inside. On top of letting the soldier live comfortably in the winter that was about to come, these tents were also able to warn the soldiers when there were attacks coming their way, and they offered a good amount of defense.

Every single tent of this level would cost at least a thousand gold coins. Also, magic gems were required to operate and run the magic arrays on this tents, and a single low-tier magic gem could only power a tent for three days. Some kings of weaker kingdoms couldn’t even enjoy this level of luxury, but even a groom at Chambord could live in such tents. This made all the kingdoms around Chambord both envious and jealous.

Of course, more and more people were surprised by the force that Chambord was demonstrating.

Except these 50 magic tents, other military supplies and items seemed to be magic imbued as well, and the whole camp site had a magic surge around it as if it was a temporary magic tower that was being constructed here. At the same time, ten tower-shields that were three meters tall were being placed at each side of the site and protected the site like watchtowers. On top of each tower-shield, temporary watchtowers made out of wood were being placed, and archers stood in place to guard and spectate the surroundings with awareness.

This level of setup was on par with the setup of the ten level 1 affiliated kingdoms.

The wealth that Chambord showed shocked a lot of the people who were watching them.

“These Chambordians…… so rich!”

“This is unbelievable! A small level 6 affiliated kingdom located at the northern remote region…… I heard that they were so poor that they couldn’t even buy their armors for their soldiers. Why are they so rich now? What happened?”

“Huh, doesn’t matter how they show off, they are just a bunch of hillbillies that got some money overnight!”

Around Chambord’s camp, a ton of warriors and officials of other kingdoms got together and started to chat and comment on what they were seeing despite the fact that some of them didn’t know each other well. These kingdoms that established secret alliances beforehand to exchange information chatted, and some of them were envious and wanted to get on the good side of Chambord. Some of them admired and sighed, some of them were silent, some of them were full of disdain and jealousy, and some of them were being vicious and planning things.

At this time, the atmosphere of the camp site that stretched out for 10 kilometers seemed peaceful, but it was actually very intense.

Although in the eyes of the nobles and powerhouses of St. Petersburg, this competition was only a platform where the top kingdoms could show their strength and gain some profits, there were gains to be made by the smaller kingdoms as well. The bigger kingdoms could get the big pieces of the pie, and the small kingdoms could get the crumbs. Some of the smaller kingdoms had high hopes and wanted to level up their kingdoms, and other kingdoms just wanted to maintain their current level. The structure and the rules of military exercises made it that every kingdoms could face any kingdom. Therefore, before the competition, it was best to gather as much information on each other as possible.

Since as soon as Fei came in, Chambord got one of the best camp sites. This drew a lot of attention already, but one of the Executive Knight of Imperial Knight Palace Kelud openly challenged this king. This drew

almost every kingdoms’ attention to Fei.

It didn’t matter the outcome, just being able to be challenged by one of the top warriors in the empire was an unreachable honor that many other kings couldn’t get; this was in a way confirming the power of this king of Chambord. Many people who never heard of Fei got curious, and the news of the battle on the Dual-Tower Mountains was spread again. It caused a series of questionings, and it made people look forward to the battle even more.



Chapter 217: 50 Sword Testing Stage (Part Two)

The area between Moro Mountain and the holy capital that was about 20 square kilometers was being divided into squares of several sizes. Every square had the troops of a kingdom camped there. Looking down from the sky, it looked like a huge chess board, and the 250 affiliated kingdoms were the chess pieces that were about to begin a bloody and deadly battle.

As one of the sources of attention, Chambord enjoyed the “privilege” of being monitored.

From noon till sunset, almost every kingdom had sent someone from their kingdom to Chambord to see what was going on. According to the tradition and the rules of a competition, the fact that a master warrior who was able cause an Executive Knight to challenge him was in a level 6 kingdom was not good news for any kingdom. This tiger could be encountered by any kingdom, and this warrior would pose great threat to them. Since this was going to be the outcome, Chambord somehow seemed like the enemy to almost all other kingdoms.

Around night time, there were even more people gathered around Chambord’s camp site.

There was nothing to hide. Maybe in the next few days, they could meet in the competition. It was common for the battlegrounds of the competition to be stacked with corpses. Among all the kingdoms, the most elite soldiers and warriors were brought to the competition, and these people were typically the most murderous. It was also common for them to draw their weapons and fight in the moment. The empire didn’t prohibit the private duels of soldiers and warriors, and the empire even prepared 50 Sword Testing Stages where these people could duel. Recently, more than a hundred people had died on these stages. There were some star warriors among them; a four star warrior with the wood element warrior energy died there.

Therefore, all the warriors who came to spectate around Chambord’s site with weapons on their back were very obvious. There were so many people around here that it looked like the most popular casino in St. Petersburg.

Among these people, there were three to four young man who looked most outstanding. Around them, there were more than a dozen guards with shiny armor and warrior energy surging around them. No one dared stand close to them. They only stood far away and looked these young man with fear and respect.

“Prince Solo, what do you think? Would they be a threat to us?” A good-looking young man with blue hair and a blue gem hairpin asked. He was wearing a gold color robe.

“Humph, they are only a bunch of hillbillies that haven’t experienced anything!” Prince Solo sneered. He had brown and thin eyebrows, and he looked somewhat handsome, but his hook nose made him look gloomier. His expression looked very arrogant and full of disdain.

“Your highness, don’t underestimate him. This king of Chambord defeated the tenth Executive Knight, and the seventh Executive Knight even challenged him. He couldn’t be that dumb! Even though your highness is now a mid-tier five star warrior, you might not be a match!” The other young man with purple hair and a gold hair band smiled as he said. With his hands placed on his hilt, he appeared to be more calm and collected. Lights flashed through his eyes, and he appeared to be more calculative. Also, from his tone, he seemed to be provoking Prince Solo a little.

“Humph!” Prince Solo sneered. He didn’t say anything, but he looked a little angry and seemed to want to fight with Fei to prove himself.

“Your highnesses. I have met with this king of Chambord before. He is not a bad warrior, but he is really arrogant and crazy like a mad dog. Also, he is really lustful; all the woman around him are rare beauties!” An elder who was standing behind these princes suddenly said as he stroked his goatee. He only had one ear.

“Oh? Rare beauties?” Among the four young man, the one who hadn’t spoken got excited. He had a lack of hair, and most of his head was exposed. When he opened his mouth, everyone was able to see his yellow teeth. He was short and looked strange as if he was recovering from a serious illness. However, as soon as he heard about the beauties, he became more energetic.

A vicious light flashed through this elder’s eyes, but he said respectfully, “Prince Zivitan, pardon my words. But they are at least ten times more beautiful than the four maids you have!”

“Ten times! Haha, hehe, interesting, really interesting!” Prince Zivitan who was very ugly licked his lips and laughed, “Maybe I should visit this king of Chambord!”

“It would be his honor to meet the elder prince of the Tomsky Kingdom, the number one kingdom among the top ten level 1 affiliated kingdoms……” The elder said so politely.

Not too far away from these fancily dressed princes, a few dark and thin young boys stared at the gate of Chambord’s campsite. Their eyes were excited, and they had been standing there for the entire afternoon. They wanted to go through the gate, but they were hesitating as if something was bugging them in their minds.



* * *





Chapter 218




Chapter 218

Chapter 218: An Invitation from an Old Friend

At the same time.

A thousand meters upstream from the water bank beside Chambord’s campsite, inside a giant heavily barraged military camp that occupied almost ten times the area that Chambord’s camp did.

Inside the giant tent in the center, a figure sat alone on the stone slab in the middle, gently wiping the sword in his hand.

The sword was an ordinary one.

But this man was surrounded by a sharp lingering atmosphere.

This scent was like countless swords spread out at once. The sharp horrifying breath surged and lashed, yet such an atmosphere was very well controlled to within ten-meters around his body. A lonely yet exciting curvature appeared on the side of his mouth, as if he finally found something that could allow him to slow down and take a look at his toy.

“18 years old, a man that defeated the Golden Knight Sutton. Hmph, he is worthy for me to try my sword!”

…

Time flew.

In an instant, the golden sun by the west side of the Moro Mountains only had half of a smile left. The sky gradually turned darker, putting an end to the day-training, and the camps of every subsidiary kingdom became noisy, and soon, the entire plains had begun to bustle together.

Every day at night, it was the noisiest moment in the camps.

Among the 20 or so battalion camps, besides the elite warriors from the participating kingdoms were also big and small caravans from each kingdom, as will as artisans and hawkers. The Arms Drill Competition was also a grand occasion full of business opportunities for them. They gathered at a special district specifically drawn by the Empire, and when night fell, they opened for business. All of the sudden, voices of merchants yelling to attract to buyers went off endlessly, fragrance of alcohol and meat overflew, laughter and curses roared, and the whole district with bustling with noise and excitement.

“If you want to take revenge yourself, first you must improve your own strength. However, there’s always a limit to an individual’s strength. To want to be able to kill Kulun under the heavy defense of the Tolemy Family, you must become a lone executor that walks in the darkness, and have the most outstanding assassination techniques. You must be familiar with every structure and function of each part of the body, and learn to grasp the psychology of all kinds of people. You need to learn how to hide and protect yourself, how to seize opportunity, how to endure, how to choose, how to setup, how to distinguish falsehood, how to confuse opponents, how to use all kinds of weapons… Of course, most importantly, you need to learn how to make your heart become harder!”

Inside Chambord’s camp, Fei was guiding Inazagi and the four survived orphans on training.

These four orphans name were Kawani, Michael-Irvine, Gonzalez, and David. When they were young, they experienced an unimaginable life-sharpening experience, and then the tragedy that just happened. After seeing those most dear to them dying right in front of their eyes, their mental maturity level far exceeded any ordinary people. The unforgettable hatred made their hearts extremely tough, even holding the butcher knife, there will not be the slightest hesitation. Even though they didn’t have the miraculous talent of Inzagi, they still had the talent to become an assassin due to what they had experienced. The four orphans and Inzagi were like brothers, and their loyalty towards Fei for saving their lives could be absolutely guaranteed. So, Fei had made up his mind to train these four orphans to become assassins like Inzagi, and that plan inside his mind of cultivating dark guardians could finally be achieved. These five young men will be the first batch of Grim Reaper assassins that Fei trained.

&ld

quo;Assassin, darlings of the night that wanders in the shadows, they don’t have prominent titles, but can achieve illustrious merits…”

Fei switched to [Assassin Mode], unleashing his full energy without reservation, making others able to clearly feel this erratic, dark and exotic scent. As his body flashed, he already changed places in the camp 20 to 30 times, and every time after he teleported, the sharp feeling that he was emitting didn’t weaken by the slightest. This was a very magical state, you clearly knew that there’s a terrifying assassin beside you, but you would easily and unconsciously forget his existence the moment you lose focus.



“Before practicing real assassination skills, you need to train you energy, and also increase your body’s sensitivity to changes in the environment.”

After letting Inzagi and the other four people feeling how it felt to be a real assassin, Fei gave a very normal one-star energy technique scroll and an assassin training manual which he created after referencing countless Diablo world assassin skill scrolls and consulting Akara, Grandpa Cain, and many others, to Inzagi, and instructed him to take good care of them and lead the four other brothers to work hard to train.

Fei’s skills all came from the Diablo world. Therefore it wasn’t very realistic to get Inzagi and the others work on learning these skills right away, so he could only let these five children cultivate their energy first, and then follow the energy technique scrolls Fei created to learn assassin’s skills. To be honest, up until now, as to how to train these apprentices to really become those terrifying and undefeatable assassins as he imagined, Fei didn’t have the most solid plans yet, and everything was still in the trial and error process.

After he finishes guiding his apprentices, Fei had the leisure time to check around the camp.

Very soon he could feel the strange atmosphere around him. There was a lot of hostility intent among the tension, and of course there were some people that were hesitant whether or not they should reach out to them. The Chambord camp seemed to have become a prominent focal point in the area, but His Majesty the King didn’t seem to mind this situation that much, because he was much more attracted to the night-market-like environment at the camp sites at night. As an otaku in the past life who didn’t get out of his house often, wandering the roadside stalls was one of his few hobbies. The night market in the district of their camp was not only lively but also exotic. Many interesting things that couldn’t be found here could all be found here, and undoubtedly, that aroused Fei’s intention to stroll in the night market with his beauty.

A lot of people thought that after the Chambord King received the Seventh Execution Knight – Blood Knight Kruder’s challenge, even if he wasn’t scared shitless, he would still feel mounting pressure, and go prepare a quiet place to train in. However, when they saw how Fei first guided his soldiers in training, and then casually took a stroll around the campsite, and ultimately also had the intention of bringing his people to go check out the night market, they were suddenly a bit lost.

However, Fei’s night-market plan didn’t really come true.

This was because right when he got Oleg and Torres to finish preparing the magical carriage and was about to go get Angela, Emma and the others to go out, a team of tall mighty knights in shiny armor suddenly came galloping from afar. They disturbed the military camps to the point of chicken and dogs flying and jumping everywhere, but no one dared to open their mouth to curse or complain, because the two-headed bear symbol carved on these knights’ armor revealed their identity as royal guards, so even if it was a tier-1 subsidiary kingdom, they still wouldn’t dare to show any disrespect towards these knights that represented the dignity of the imperial royal family.

When the knights got to the Chambord Camp, they unexpectedly stopped. The tall muscular man in the lead got off the horse, and then got into the Chambord Camp by himself after the bylaw enforcement officer reported to Fei. Then, he came to Fei, after he looked from top to bottom for awhile, he paid a brief greeting ceremony and respectfully asked, “Are you His Majesty the Chambord King Alexander?”

“That’s me.”

“Our Master wants to invite you to the Wind-Speak Tavern in this camp district for a meet.”

Fei slightly paused for a second and asked, “Your master? Who?”

The tall and mighty knight took out a folded white paper and carefully delivered it to Fei, and he smiled and said, “Your Majesty will know after seeing this.”

Fei opened the paper, but only saw four words on the letter –

“An invitation from an Old Friend.”

Old friend inviting me? Who the f*ck is that?

Fei was a little confused. These four words were really elegant, clearly being a woman’s handwriting. However, at the vicinity of the Empire City, he didn’t seem to have any female friends, could it be the Elder Princess? Suddenly, Fei smelled a faint ray of fragrance emitted from the paper. The smell was familiar yet unfamiliar, some memories not long ago suddenly came to his mind.

Could it be her?

And then Fei felt it’s even more strange.



* * *





Chapter 219




Chapter 219

Chapter 219: The So-Called Friend

Wind-Whisper Tavern, also known as Wind-Speak, was one of the most famous pubs in the Twenty Mile District.

The reason it was famous, besides its large area, prime location, having the most fragrant wine, most beautiful maids, and most delicious dishes, was the fact that it had tough fists. In the Twenty Mile District that never lacked chaos and blood, no one dared to stir up any trouble within a hundred meters around the Wind-Whisper Tavern. Perhaps there had been a few not-so-clever guys, but they eventually disappeared into the darkness off the face of this Earth.

From what some well-informed guests revealed, there seemed to be the shadow of the Imperial Army looming behind this tavern.

The royal noble knights freely travelled here without any one daring to block their way, and the knight in the lead brought Fei to the front of the Wind-Whisper Tavern. The most passionate waiter was already waiting at the front as he hurried out to greet these guests. He led them into the tavern, and the climate immediately warmed up. The magic spell here worked even better than the central air-conditioning from Fei’s past life, and from the moment Fei stepped into the Tavern, he already felt the atmosphere and force of the Wind-Whisper Tavern.

Rather than calling it a tavern, it was in fact a six-story building.

Fei followed the stairs and quickly arrived at the sixth floor which would allow him to see the entire Twenty Mile rooftop. The royal knight that had been accompanying Fei wasn’t qualified to enter the sixth floor, so only Fei was admitted.

The entire sixth floor only had one hall, and the level of luxurious decorations was far beyond an average person’s imagination.

There wasn’t the kind of lively scene of hustling and bustling maids and guards as Fei expected. The luxurious hall seemed very quiet, and there wasn’t even a single server. At the near-east direction of the hall beside the window, there sat a purple ebony wood table that was covered into the shape of a giant dragon spreading its wings. The four little dishes on the table exuded a little warmth, and the crystal gold wine bottle with a simple yet elegant design exuded an intoxicating wine fragrance. The whole world seemed to have been cut apart from the hustle and bustle of the street outside, everything was extremely elegant, graceful, fresh, and pleasant.

Fei’s eyes soon focused onto the window-side.

Because there stood a person.

A woman.

An elegant woman with peerless beauty.

To Fei, this woman indeed counted as someone from the past – the flirtatious beauty Hilton Paris.

In the past during the coronation ceremony, at Chambord City’s eastern mountain top at sunrise, she was the terrifying woman who almost successfully killed Elder Princess Tanasha and the [Zenit Military God] Arshavin.

If it was half a month ago, seeing this scary woman, Fei would have probably turned around, covered his head and ran right away. After all, on that day of the Eastern Mountain Top battle, he p*ssed off that woman too much. If this woman would go all crazy again and try to take revenge, Fei would probably be in big trouble. But, now Fei’s strength had risen sharply and was absolutely enough to protect himself, so he was able to quickly calm himself down.

“King Alexander, we meet again.”

Paris, in a graceful white dress, slowly turned around. Her peerless smile was able to easily snatch most men’s soul. Her golden hair slightly danced with the wind, and there was a budding blood-red rose inserted in her hair. She elegantly walked to the small table, reached out her hand towards the table as an invite and said, “Your Majesty, please sit.”

Fei slightly smiled, then went to the table and sat down.

“Y

our Majesty doesn’t seem to be surprised at all, could it be that you already know it was me that invited you?” The slender white arms gracefully began pouring wine out of the gold crystal wine bottle. Her elegant manner with her tempting demeanor made it hard for anyone to associate her with the cold blood sinister female devil back on the Eastern Mountain top.



“Haha, on the invitation, there was a faint fragrance, and if I remember correctly, I once sensed this smell before on the Eastern Mountain top, so I was able to make a guess.”

Fei was extremely relaxed, his eyes swept past the few dishes on the table. Although they are all normal dishes, but they were clearly from the hands of master chefs. The scent, appearance, and taste were all there. The work was delicate, and they it was enough to make a man drool. Ever since Fei arrived at the Chambord camp at noon, Fei indeed hadn’t had dinner yet, and he was for a second attracted by these exquisite dishes. Without hesitation, he took out a delicate pair of bamboo chopsticks and began treating himself to the feast.

“Your Majesty is indeed full of surprises, at the war in the past, whether it was me or the elder princess, we both underestimated Your Majesty.” Paris didn’t mind Fei’s impoliteness. She brought up the little glass in front of her, covered her mouth with her sleeve and drank the whole cup.

“Haha, you are over-praising me.”

“No, not at all. In my opinion, Your Majesty deserve such praise…” Paris picked up a soft piece of meat into her mouth, slightly smiled and said, “It’s just that, I’m very curious, since you already guessed that it was an invitation from an enemy of yours from the past, you still dared to come alone. Could Your Majesty really not be worry at all that I would set up a death trap here? Or do you really think that, I dare not to kill you?”

Right after the voice ended, Paris’s face suddenly changed, the elegant and tempting smile immediately disappeared without a trace, and what replaced it was an aura that would chill one to the bones. This was a sharp killing intent only cultivated by experienced masters, and if it was someone else in front of Paris right now, they would’ve already been scared shitless.

Fei raised his cup and drank it all. He shook his head and smiled and said, “Under the demonic moon by the window, there’s good wine on the high floor. Such a beautiful scene, like a peerless beauty, I thought you would talk about something interesting, why would you bring up such a serious topic? Ok, since, as a beautiful lady, you are that straightforward, I have no choice but to be more straightforward… Yes, to be honest, I am indeed not worried at all. Back then you couldn’t kill me at the Eastern Mountain top, now you have even less of a chance in succeeding!”

“Sometimes, being overly confident, is being hopelessly stupid!” The devil-like woman sneered, “Chambord King, I know you defeated the Golden Sun Knight Sutton at the Twin-Tower peak, but such an achievement is nothing. In the Empire Capital, the number of people that could defeat Sutton is not a minority!”

Fei touched his chin, smiled but didn’t say anything, not wanting to argue.

Paris coldly stared at Fei. Such dreamy eyes should not emit such a chilly feeling, but she stared for a full minute, yet the guy she was staring at was still casually eating and drinking. The depth of her eyes flashed with a hint of frustration, and suddenly she covered her mouth and smiled. The thousand-year frost ice on her peerless face instantly melted, and the familiar seductive smile reappeared. Her whole person instantly became a ball of passionate flame as she laughed and said, “Heehee, after the depart on the Eastern Mountain Top, within just a few months, Your Majesty’s fame already shook the entire empire. Upon meeting you today, such grace, is indeed at a level I have no choice but to look up to!”

“Grace, is forged on top of having strength.” Fei was not modest.

“I heard that tomorrow at noon, you will be dueling with the Seventh Execution Knight on the First Sword Testing Stage. I don’t know if your Majesty knows about this execution knight that goes by the name [Bloodthirst]?” Paris gently got up to pour a cup of wine for Fei.

“Nope.” Fei honestly replied.

“In that case, here I have something about the Seventh Execution Knight – [Bloodthirst Knight] Kelude’s strength’s most detailed report, including his most energy technique [Burning Wild Flame Blade]’s features, as well as his top ten combos and tactics explained. I will give this to Your Majesty!”

Paris said, took out a black steel box, placed it on the desk, and pushed it to Fei’s side.



* * *





Chapter 220




Chapter 220

Chapter 220: Then Save Me Please (Part One)

Fei paused on the chopstick action, looked at the black iron box, hesitated for a second, then looked up at the coquettish witch, and smiled and asked, “There’s no free lunch in this world, now if I accept this gift, will I have to pay back a corresponding price?”

“Why? Afraid?” The witch-like woman spoke lazily, her eyes were very provocative.

“In fact, this kind of information is not much of a significance to me. A real master only believes in the strength of himself. No matter who the opponent is, I can kill them all with one punch!” Fei said very arrogantly, but his hands didn’t hesitate as well. With a flash of white light, the black iron box was already taken into his storage ring.

“You… Your Majesty is indeed the most distinctive king I have ever seen!” The devilish woman saw this scene and was absolutely speechless. She couldn’t help but start to despise Fei.

“You are flattering me!” The King’s face wasn’t humble at all. Faced with the peerless beauty in front of his eyes, he was not moved at all, and he was even shameless enough to say what Paris really wanted to say, “I think you meant that I am the most shameless king you have ever seen right? Haha, whatever, after all it was something you are trying to shove into my hands. In order to not hurt your feelings, I had no choice but to take it, but don’t expect me to pay you back with anything.”

Paris seductively stood up to pour Fei another glass of wine, and a beautiful smile appeared on her face, “Okay, you are right, I indeed wanted to say that Your Majesty is the most shameless King I’ve ever met, and no one will ever come close to being second!”

Fei gave her the white eye, drank all the wine, looked at the bright moon rising by the window, and suddenly exclaimed, “Not long ago we held steel weapons in our hands fighting to the death. Now we are here sitting together and flirting with love. Fate is really a wonderful thing, did we turn from enemies to friends now?”

“What flirting with love? Your Majesty, you are a little rude.” The witch’s beautiful eyes flashed a hint of anger. This woman, when calm, had a deadly attraction, which was sometimes noble, sometimes pure, sometimes moist and sometimes seductive. Her temperament changed between thousands of forms, and the switch between the temperaments didn’t have any jerky abrupt feelings. She was indeed an addictive beauty that only appeared once a generation.

Fei laughed, and his words couldn’t be more honest, “Haha, old habit. When I see beautiful girls I will habitually flirt with them for a bit… By the way, speaking of flirting, Chambord was assigned the prime location of the Twenty Mile District by the water. I thought about it, it’s also arranged by you right?”

“Since Your Majesty knew very well, then you should be able to feel my heart for you right~” The little witch began to tempt Fei again.

Fei gently tapped the table, and his face suddenly became serious, “Matters of your people have nothing to do with me, just don’t provoke me and I won’t get involved.”

“But if at a critical moment the Elder Princess requests Your Majesty to act?” Paris asked, seemingly laughing but also not.

Fei was silent.

After a long time, he then slowly replied, “If she is in grave danger, then I will act to rescue her.”

A hint of surprise flashed past Paris’s face, seemingly very satisfied but also not very satisfied with that answer. That strange expression disappeared right away so Fei didn’t catch it, and this witch’s face also became serious as she asked, “Then if my li

fe is at risk, will you come to save me?”



Chapter 220: Then Save Me Please (Part Two)

“Yes.” Fei’s answer was very simple.

“Oh? Why?”

“Because you are a beauty. I am the type of person that doesn’t like to see beautiful things get ruined by some idiots in front of my eyes. I don’t like tragedies.” Fei seemed to be full, he wiped his mouth and drank the last bit of wine.

Paris smiled happily, “That’s great, Your Majesty, now, save me please!”

“What?” Fei became dumbfounded for a second.

At this moment, outside of the tavern, the atmosphere suddenly changed~

A dark crossbow arrow that seemed to have melted into the night suddenly shot out from the wall below the window, and it was bursting directly towards Paris’s temple.

This arrow had no signs in advance, it was abnormally sudden, and extremely strange!

But Paris seemed to have predicted that something would happen. She waved her sword and the sword light cut through the sky. With a “ding” sound, a spark bloomed in the night, and the dark crossbow arrow containing terrifying energy was sliced into a pile of iron dust by the demonic woman’s sword.

The demonic witch beauty Paris, her peerless beauty could easily trick people into forgetting that she was also a master.

Pew pew pew pew pew!

At the next instant, countless dark arrows appeared again, like a rainstorm, penetrating the wooden walls of this Wind-Whisper Tavern’s sixth floor. The holes were as big as bowls, and the arrows came directly for Paris’s slim body under the sawdust of the wood!

Blue flame bloomed everywhere.

Paris’s whole body was shrouded by this dense cyan light, her full body of wooden energy was madly being channeled, her exquisite body was constantly flashing with incredible movements. Together with the long sword in her hand, she continued to dodge or slice down the dark arrows that was covering the sky. The sixth floor that was just elegant and peaceful was instantly full of murderous intent. The noise of metal clashing and the sparks that were flying everywhere, it was a storm-like violent symphony!

Paris’s swordsmanship and energy was indeed extraordinary.

But those waves of dark arrows covering the sky were seemingly endless, like a thirsty locust swarm looming over Paris’s body in the dark night.

At this moment, the royal guards downstairs finally realized that something was wrong.

“Protect Lady Paris!”

The guards were shocked and angry, they shouted as they charged up the stairs, wanting to rush onto the sixth floor to protect their master.

But just at that moment, things took another turn.

With a deafening sound within an instant, the walls on the fifth floor suddenly burst open.

Six pitch black figures shattered the wall and struck in the storm of sawdust. The swords flashed a chilling light, and all kinds of colors of energy brightened the darkness. The attackers chopped down the stairs towards the sixth floor with the fastest speed, and then lunged towards those royal guards that wanted to reinforce Paris. Both sides instantly clashed, swords light flashed, miserable sounds were heard, blood flew everywhere, and chopped off limbs fell…

At the same time, Paris who was on the sixth floor finally run into trouble.

Three sharp sword lights shattered the wooden walls. The pale white sawdust fell like falling flowers, and followed by the three streams of sword light were three assassins that were covered in black scale armor. After the storm of dark arrows just passed, Paris didn’t even get a chance to take a breath, and the three ghost-like figures rushed towards the exquisite body that was shrouded by the ball of cyan light.

“Kill! Kill! Kill!”

Three deep roars were heard, as if the sound from the depth of hell coming to take your life.

Paris’s face was dignified. Her sword danced, her white robe fluttered, and her yellow blonde hair jumping up and down like flames, she swiftly moved her body, leaving traces of silver sword light in the air to guard her slim body, and she went into an intense battle with the three assassins. The dense sounds of swords clashing came, and on the sixth floor, sparks bloomed in the dark like fireworks, magnificent and bright

During this whole time, Fei had been sitting quietly by the rosewood dragon table.

The dark arrows that covered the sky almost shattered the wall by the table, and Fei was naturally within the range of the dark arrows. However, Fei’s performance had reached a level far beyond the coquettish witch Paris. He just sat there motionlessly, and those sharp dark arrows that could penetrate a five-fingers-thick hard wood wall as if instantly became rapped in an invisible swamp the moment they came within one meter away from his body, and couldn’t move a single inch ahead. Clear water ripples appeared in the air, and the dark arrows all fell onto the ground.

The torrential rain-like murderous intent filled the floor, Fei was still in place.

Until the sound of a sharp sword being dragged across the floor came. Another person appeared.



* * *





Chapter 221




Chapter 221

Chapter 221: Cross of Fire (Part One)

This man who suddenly appeared and stood by the corner of the sixth floor didn’t even attempt to hide his identity. He was wearing a loose black robe and a brown belt made from rough cloth. His figure was about average, and his long black hair was loosely fluttering around his shoulders. He looked like an average person and didn’t hide his face like the other assassins. From all Fei could tell, this man looked very normal, just like an average person.

Even if someone walked by him a thousand times, he wouldn’t leave any significant impression behind.

This man somehow was standing there in the main hall as if he was there the whole time and Fei just didn’t notice him.

Fei glanced at him and fixed his eyes on the weapon in this man’s hand.

An execution sword!

The hilt was a thick cylinder, and the edge of the sword was a bunch of red rusted iron spikes. The sword was about 1.6 meters long, and didn’t have a pointy top. It looked like a huge black rectangle sheet of metal that was sharpened from both sides, and there were two vicious back hooks at the top of the sword. This kind of sword was best for chopping, and it was primarily used on Azeroth Continent for execution of criminals. These swords were the most murderous and vicious.

This sword was being dragged by this person as if it was more than a thousand pounds heavy.

Fei first thought this man was a master warrior who was the back up of Paris. After all, not hiding the face and using such a heavy weapon didn’t fit the characteristics of an assassin. However, Fei knew that he was wrong when he looked into this man’s eyes.

It was the cruel eyes of death that a beast would have when it saw its prey.

Bloodthirsty!

Merciless!

This man was staring at Paris who was in the battle. Fei sensed that this man glanced at him as well. But maybe because this man didn’t sense any warrior energy, this man stop paying attention to him.

Finally, this man stepped forward.

The sword was being dragged, and what was surprising was that the blade of the sword and the wood floor created sparks irregularly as if this man was dragging a mountain and not a sword on the ground.

Fei clearly felt that this man’s power increased every time he took a step forward.

After the fifth step, this man was already on par with a five-star warrior.

The execution sword that was full of blood stains suddenly started to buzz and made a series of crisp cries. A sharp murderous spirit instantly filled the sixth floor. This sword suddenly seemed to have a life of its own. It was crying, asking, begging……. For the nurture of blood and flesh.

Paris who was in the battle sensed the danger.

Her green warrior energy exploded, and forced the three assassins to back off. Both of her hands drew out some mystic symbol in the air as she chanted. Two green saint birds flew out of her body as crisp bird cries filled the room. It made everyone feel like they were in a forest that was more than ten thousand years old, and the blonde girl in front of them was the goddess of the forest.

At the next moment, the green birds circled around Paris and pierced through two assassins who were wearing scale-armor and masks. The both of them turned into a cloud of blood mist, and Paris’ sword moved and dashed through the last assassin’s throat like a lightning bolt.

The man who was dragging the execution sword was calm. His face didn’t even change expression as if those three assassins weren’t his peers and were three dumb pigs.

Boom!

He suddenly stepped forward and grabbed onto the hilt with both of his hands as he chopped downward.

As the sword moved, a devastating force erupted from the blade of the swo

rd and dashed towards Paris who was about five meters away. Although this force was invisible, the damage it dealt was real. Like a huge godly weapon, the floor, the tables, the pillars, and walls…… everything was chopped in half in silence.

A powerful combat technique!

Paris’ expression changed as the green warrior energy around her lit up again. She waved her hands, and the birds appeared again. It cried as it went up against the invisible force. In an explosion, the bird cried as it was torn appear, but the invisible force was still dashing towards Paris as if it was never stopped.

Puff!

The “evil woman” puked up blood as her body flew backward in the air.

The warrior energy that was protecting her body was instantly torn apart as well.

The difference between them was just too big. Paris couldn’t even take on one strike.

The man walked up again and repeated the same movement. He chopped down with his sword again, and a devastating force dashed towards Paris’ who hadn’t even fallen to the ground yet. This man wasn’t going to let her live.

“Your majesty, if you don’t move, I will be dead!” At this critical moment, Paris wasn’t nervous. A bright smile appeared on her face as she turned and looked at Fei, giving up all defense.

Boom!



Chapter 221: Cross of Fire (Part Two)

A crystal and transparent fist mark that was about a meter cubed in volume appeared and smashed into this invisible force.

Crack!

The noise of glass breaking sounded. The invisible force was crushed, and the residual impact from the collision created a huge wind on the sixth floor. And like an earthquake, all the walls broke down, and all the chipped furniture were blown out of the building. A lot of gasps sounded outside, and all of the attention of the troops of all kingdoms at the campsites were drawn. The chilly moonlight was shining on the sixth floor, and Fei was already in front of Paris and blocked off all of the invisible energy!

“A master?” The man’s pupil contracted.

“Yes!” The king nodded.

“Great, I like killing masters.” A vicious smile appeared on this man’s face as he licked his lips excitedly.

This time, he slowly raised his sword as his expression suddenly became solemn, like a devoted believer who was praying to god.

He ignored all the noises that people were making outside of the building and the sounds of reinforcement coming. All of his concentration was on his sword, and then an impressive force appeared on him. The rusty execution sword suddenly shone like a shiny crystal, and a silver phantom sword that was more than 30 meters long appeared behind it. It soared into the sky and pierced through the roof of the building. Like a torch at night, this silver light attracted a ton of attention.

“Punishment from Heaven …… Die!”

The silver phantom sword chopped down at Fei and Paris mercilessly. Before the blade hit them, the wind created by the strike already shook the building as if the building was about to be torn in half.

This man, he was a six-star warrior.

A serious expression appeared on Fei’s face as he grabbed into the air. After two dashes of red flames appeared out of nowhere, the level 7 Set item [Bul-Kathos’ Children] was being grasped in his hands.

Tink!

A light buzz!

The two swords [Bul-Kathos’ Sacred Charge] and [Bul-Kathos’ Tribal Guardian] was formed into a cross, and Fei guarded himself and Paris with these two swords over his head.

This level of defense looked weak against the phantom swords that were about 30 meters long.

It seemed like the last struggle Fei was putting up.

A smile appeared on the man’s face.

But soon, this smile froze.

At the next moment, red flame burnt on the sword, and these two flames grew in the wind. Soon, the two blades turned into two fire swords that were 10 meters long each. Like a cross of fire, they lit up the nightly sky.

Boom!

The silver phantom sword collided with the cross of fire.

The sparks and colorful warrior energy exploded everywhere, and the eye-piercing lights made a lot of people close their eyes subconsciously.

The building that was trying its best to hold up against this level of battle finally cried as the whole building collapsed. The devastating waves of energy emitted to the surroundings in a spherical shape. The people who weren’t out of the range got blew into the sky, and all the surrounding structures collapsed and shattered as if a nuclear bomb was dropped there!

“Go!”

Fei coiled his arm around Paris’ waist as he leaped into the air to escape from the collapsing building.

A sweet bodily fragrance entered Fei’s nose, and the smooth and soft sensation his arm was feeling through the white robe was fantastic. This beauty’s temptation was fully demonstrated at this second.

However, none of these were on Fei’s mind.

He smashed out his left fist more than thirty times, and a crystal-like fist mark was being formed in the air. Finally, a transparent fist mark that contained all the essence of a fist was formed, and it looked lively and powerful.

“Sky Frost Fist…… One Strike One Kill!”

As Fei roared, the fist mark shook a little, and then it slowly accelerated and dashed toward the figure who was dashing away in the sky; the fist mark looked like a meteor that was created by a god.

“AHHHHH”

A scream sounded followed by a cloud of blood mist and chipped bones exploding in the sky like a firework.

At this time, Fei and Paris have landed on the ground.

The imperial guards quickly rushed by and protected Paris in the middle.

Woosh!

The rusty execution sword fell from the sky and stabbed into the ground in front of Fei and Paris. After a few seconds, it chipped into several pieces of metal……

“Master, are you ok?”

“Master, I came too late, please penalize me!”

“Protect, Ms. Paris!”

The imperial guards all kneeled down around Paris as they cried out. They didn’t even dare to breathe hard. The most important subordinate of Prince Dominguez was almost assassinated, and they were at fault. If Paris was actually killed, they might all become slave workers to calm the second prince’s anger.

Not too far away, there were many corpses.

These assassins who were in scale-armor and had masks were almost all killed. The ones who were captured alive all committed suicide, not leaving any traces behind.



* * *





Chapter 222




Chapter 222

Chapter 222: Do one thing for me (Part One)

“You can all get up. It’s my own negligence that caused the situation today, and it is not your fault!” Paris was already out of Fei’s arms. With the white dress, she looked untouchable. She lightly waved her hand calmly and pardoned the guards from their obligations as if nothing happened.

“Thank you, Ms. Paris!”

The imperial guards got up with cold sweat on their bodies as they looked at Fei with admiration, respect, and suspicion.

Although they saw that they came too late, everyone knew from the look of the huge silver phantom sword, the cross of fire, and the collapsed buildings that the assassins were very powerful. They wouldn’t be much help even if they participated in the battle. They knew that the assassins were enough to wipe the entire team of imperial guards. If this young man in front of them didn’t act, their Ms. Paris would be a cold corpse now.

However, the king of Chambord who liked showing off wasn’t in the mood of enjoying the reactions from the guards.

He sighed as the red flames flashed by and took away his set items from the Diablo World. He then dusted the chipped wood and rocks off of his shoulder as he stared at the woman in front of him for a while. “Beauty, why do I have a weird feeling about this? Seems like you already know the assassins were coming here. I feel like I’ve been used by you again.”

The beauty fixed her blonde hair as she giggled with the other hand over her mouth. She looked very pure and naïve. She only giggled and didn’t admit or deny Fei’s allegations.

“So the more beautiful a woman is, the better she is at lying.” Fei already knew the answer from the beauty’s action.

“Haha, don’t mind me. I actually don’t want to use you to take out my political opponents. These assassins are not from any forces in Zenit.” Paris knew what Fei was thinking about, so she explained.

“Not from Zenit?”

“Yeah. They appeared in St. Petersburg about two months ago, and they are so mysterious that no one was able to trace them. It seemed like they are here to assassinate key officials in the empire, and they have succeeded so far. More than a dozen officials and nobles in the empire have been assassinated. On top of that, both I and the elder princess Tanasha have faced attempts several times in the last few days. Although we were safe, we couldn’t really find the root causes. These people are vicious and sly. They knew who the powerful warriors in the empire are, and they wouldn’t try to assassinate someone when they didn’t feel comfortable. I tried to trick them and trap them several times, but it all failed!”

When Paris got serious, her superficial and sexual presence disappeared completely. A holy and sincere expression appeared on her face as she smiled and explained to Fei. She looked very attractive at this moment.

“Oh, so you became more calculative and risked your own life to attract them? You only brought a few guards and no powerful warriors, but you came to such a noisy and popular place. You made them think that this was a rare opportunity so they would send their best assassins to kill you, but you invited me to come and used me to capture them all?”

Fei wasn’t dumb. After hearing what Paris said, he knew what was going on.

“You are so smart.” Paris giggled as she flattered Fei, “For some reason, although they are not from the empire, they knew what goes around the empire very well. They knew about the whereabouts of all master warriors here, so when I do bring them, the assassins wouldn’t come. Your Majesty has the ability to kill them, and you just came to St. Petersburg and not many people know ab

out you. The assassins won’t think much of you, and that was why we were able to attract the assassins and kill them off!”

Fei rubbed his temples and thought, “Such a dangerous woman……”

“Haha, actually, since the king of Chambord killed the mysterious assassins who bothered the empire for long, Emperor Yasin would definitely reward you when he hears about it. This is a big credit, and you Alexander totally gained a ton tonight! Why the long face?”



Chapter 222: Do one thing for me (Part Two)

From the “Your Majesty” to “King of Chambord” to “Alexander”, the way Paris addressed Fei changed a lot. When she called him Alexander, it felt close and intimate as if they were old friends.

Fei thought about it and felt like this woman was right. He didn’t lose anything.

However, the feeling of being used by this woman didn’t feel good.

“I’m curious; what if I didn’t come. Wouldn’t you be seeking your own death?” Fei suddenly thought of a very important question.

“There isn’t a perfect strategy in this world. Any decision comes with risks. Since you Alexander is so nice to that elder princess, why can’t you be nicer to me? Am I less pretty that that pale elder princess? Haha, don’t stare at me like that. If you didn’t come, then I can only say that the luck was not on my side!” This beauty rolled her eyes as she said with a teasing and coquettish tone.

Fei knew this woman well, and he won’t be fooled by her this easily. “I bet that even if I didn’t come, you have your own way of dealing with these assassins.”

“Haha, I didn’t expect your majesty to know me this well. If you actually didn’t come, then I can only flee and go to your campsite for protection. We could only change the battleground, but you will still fight for me! The only thing is that once the assassins get to your camp, your subordinates……” Paris laughed, “So I did give you a choice, and you made the right decision. The perfect ending!”

Damn!

This woman was really fearful.

If Fei didn’t come, then the Chambord soldiers would be affected by this event.

Fei stared at her forcefully. After a short moment of silence, he rubbed his chin and said, “Let’s put the rewards from Emperor Yasin aside. I just saved your life at that critical moment. Beauty, how are you going to thank your hero?”

“Hahaha, do you want me to give myself to you?” The sly beauty Paris said without hesitation despite the fact that her guards were close by. As if her true character was exposed, she said with a joking tone. However, her expression was very coquettish and yet naïve. Various temperaments appeared on her, and she looked like a blooming Datura flower. Even though people knew that this flower was poisonous, they were willing to pick it up due to its beauty.

However, Fei knew this woman well and didn’t fall for her tricks.

Fei waved his hands and an invisible force loomed around them. This blocked sounds, and only they could hear their conversation.

“Before the competition, I’m going to wipe out the Blood-Edge Mercenary Group. I hope that I can bring my soldiers in without being questioned by the guards. Also, I don’t want anyone else involved in this. Beauty, please arrange everything for me!”

“Hahaha, now I know. Alexander, you knew I was up to something, but you came anyway because you want this from me.” Paris was really intelligent as well. She knew everything right away.

Fei smiled and continued, “Only a few people in St. Petersburg can do this, and you are one of them. Since you invited me here, I would come here more than willingly. Our relationships are formed on trades, and everything would be better if we make everything clear.”

“I know that you are speaking the truth, I’m hurt by your words…… Hehe, your request isn’t hard to satisfy, and I can arrange it for you. However, the Blood-Edge Mercenary Group isn’t that simple. There are many other hidden forces behind it, and one of them is the noble group – the Fellon Family. Alexander, you have to think everything through before you take action!”

“The Blood-Edge Mercenary Group must be eliminated!” Fei was very serious.

During their conversation, more and more people surrounded the building, and these people started to chat among themselves. The battle that was so impression shocked everyone in the campsites. The huge silver phantom sword and the cross of fire were visible from very far away, and everyone was still able to sense the residual energy of the battle from standing by the battleground. A lot of warriors came here and tried to sense more of this energy so it might help them to advance in the future.

Fei and Paris got onto a magic carriage rode by the imperial guards. Other guards separated the crowd, and the carriage was able to leave the place.

Many people knew that the man and the woman who got onto the carriage were the parties involved in the battle, but they were not sure if they should go up and ask since the imperial guards were standing by them. As they looked at the collapsed building, some smart ones knew more about it. Everyone knew that this Wind-Whisper Pub had the military of the empire behind it. However, the managers didn’t stop the perpetrators and let them leave with a bunch of imperials guards protecting them. The information this leaked was very interesting.



* * *





Chapter 223




Chapter 223

Chapter 223: Warriors from all regions (Part One)

“That man…… is he the king of Chambord?” Someone in the crowd suddenly shouted as he felt like the man, who just stepped into the magic carriage guarded by imperial guards, looked familiar.

“Really?” Someone wondered.

“Yeah, it’s him! I remember I saw the king of Chambord today at noon, and that young man with black hair was ……”

“But how can the king of Chambord be protected by the imperial guards?”

“Also, that huge silver sword and cross of fire, could it the techniques of King of Chambord and assassins?”

“Such a devastating force, and I can still sense the residual energy in the air. His strength is now beyond a six-star warrior; where is he now?”

“Since the King of Chambord’s strength is beyond our expectations, then the duel between him and the seventh executive knight Kelud tomorrow at noon will be even more interesting! It’s hard to predict who will win!”

As the crowd chatted among themselves, many warriors from various kingdoms sat down beside the ruined building and tried to concentrate and sense the residual power left by Fei and the other assassin. This level of battle was rare for low-level warriors to see; although they couldn’t see it up close, the residual energy and the surge after the battle could give them inspiration. This was the best opportunity for them to try to advance their warrior energy further.

Other people who were more thoughtful looked at the magic carriage that was disappearing as their faces changed color.

Didn’t matter if it was individual strength or power and influence, it seemed like the king of Chambord was beyond their imagination.

……

Imperial Martial Saint Mountain.

The mountain was located in St. Petersburg and right beside the Emperor’s Palace. The mountain was like a sword that soared into the cloud and the sky. The Martial Saint Mountain was the highest point in St. Petersburg. All of the magic towers in the city were a lot shorter than this mountain.

In this mountain lived the Empire Protector – Martial Saint.

The current Martial Saint was named Krasic, and he was the invincible god in the mind of every warrior in Zenit.

The mountain shaped like a sword soared into the clouds. The steep slope of the mountain combined with the smooth, mirror-like surface of the mountain made it hard for four-star warriors to even get up the mountain that was more than a kilometer tall. There were no paths or anything that led up to the mountain.

Since almost no man could reach the peak of the mountain, Martial Saint Mountain was mysterious and majestic in the citizens’ mind.

Some say that there were palaces that only gods lived at the peak. It was beautiful and didn’t belong to any man.

Some say that there was a peaceful village at the peak of the mountain. It was always spring there, and there were a ton of rare animals, intelligent beasts, precious herbs, and mystic ingredients.

Some say that the biggest secret of the empire lied at the peak of Martial Saint Mountain.

Of course, all of these were just legends and tales.

Except for the important members of the royal family of Zenit and some important officials, only a few powerful warriors knew the truth behind the Martial Saint Mountain. No one knew for sure if these tales were just rumors and fake, but they all knew that the Martial Saint who protected the empire had a super status. Although the Martial Saint didn’t participate in the politics, no one dared to publically question the Martial Saint’s majesty. Every generation of Martial Saint was undoubtedly the most powerful warrior in the empire.

The wind blew through

the clouds and flirted with the stars in the sky. A thin figure appeared quietly on the highest peak of Martial Saint Mountain. With his robe fluttering in the wind, he only left a lonely yet unparalleled power sensation to the surroundings. This sensation felt a little ancient as if this figure had been co-existing with the mountain for numerous years.

The location of the Martial Saint Mountain was in a strategic spot. This man was able to see everything around this great city at the peak of the mountain. He was even able to see the campsites that were far away. At this point, the lights under the mountain were bright, acting like bright stars in the darkness. Suddenly, something occurred! Close to the campsite, a huge silver sword soared into the sky, at the same time, a cross of fire also appeared out of nowhere……



Chapter 223: Warriors from all regions (Part Two)

The sensation of this sword and cross could be felt very far away.

“Huh? This…… it is that little kid again. Eh, wait…… it is a little different from the last time!”

A smile appeared on this man’s face as he closed his eyes; everything happening within a large radius was able to be clearly sensed by him. He nodded and murmured: “That’s right, it is different….. he is even stronger now, and his power is more strange…… Not bad, another win. However, he is not a mad dog, but why is he like an angry wolf? He seems to fight everyone he sees…….”

At this time, an elder appeared behind him. This elder bowed and said: “Master, you are looking for me?”

“Eh, I’m going to go down the mountain, and I will be back in four days. In this time, you can take care of everything around here.” This man turned around and said.

“Yes, master.”

……

At the west side of the Capital, the black castle was the second most magnificent building next to the palace of the emperor.

The tallest black tower within the castle soared into the clouds. On top of this tower, a man who was tall and sharp was standing there. His body looked thick and tough, and he was looking in the direction of the campsites as he was wondering about something.

Ten minutes ago, he felt a familiar sensation from that direction; it was the second time that he felt it. At that moment, the calm and playful expression disappeared from his face, and he got serious.

“The number seven Executive Knight challenged the King of Chambord without getting my permission. How dare he reach into the Imperial Knight Palace and use my knights as chess pieces?”

This man turned around and said, “This matter has to be investigated seriously.”

“Yes, master.” A deep and hollow voice sounded from nowhere. But then, the space beside this man rippled as if it was the surface of the ocean slightly and instantly went away.

There were a total of eleven towers in this castle.

Except for the tallest towers, there were ten other towers that were in various shapes and sizes located around the tallest tower, as if they were stars that were surrounding the tallest tower which was like the moon.

At this moment, within the hall of a shiny golden tower.

A young man who was sitting on the black, mirror-like floor with his legs crossed seemed to sense something. He suddenly opened his eyes and looked into the distance. He lost his concentration as he murmured, “King of Chambord…… you got even stronger? However, it’s nothing! I, Chris-Sutton had made progress as well. One day, I will come and redeem myself from the shame of the battle on the Dual-Tower Mountain…… one day!”

This young man closed his eyes again.

The sharp metal element warrior energy enveloped his body again like melted gold; compared with that battle on the Dual-Tower Mountain, it was even stronger! He was already at the level of a low-tier six-star warrior.

Not too far away from this golden tower, a blood red tower gave off a chilling sensation.

A man with blood red hair was sitting on his blood red throne under a statue of a god. He rested his chin on the palm of his right hand, and his metal element warrior power was in a red color. Compared with the gold warrior power of Sutton, his warrior power was sharper and bloodier. His eyes shade had a hint of red in it, and he was staring at a man who was in a prisoner uniform. Despite the wounds on his body, this man was standing up tall and looked at the red-haired man in disdain.

“Last chance, tell me about where the Map of the Secret Scroll is, and I shall let you live!” The man with the red hair sounded cold and murderous.

“What the Templar Knight left in this world isn’t something that a butcher like you can touch. Stop thinking about it.” The man in the prisoner uniform said with scorn.

“If that’s the case, then you can die!”

A dash of warrior energy flew out of the fingertip of the man on the throne, and the sharp energy filled the room. The flesh of the man in the prisoner uniform was sliced off of his body pieces by pieces. In an instant, this live person was turned into a complete and white skeleton.

“Next…… King Alexander of Chambord, hehe. You gave me a surprise. However, that’s not enough. Haha, don’t give me the opportunity, and let me, the Bloody Knight Kelud kill you by “accident” tomorrow.”

A horrifying red light flashed through the man with red long hair.

……

In St. Petersburg, in a slit space that was a kilometer deep in the ground.

A long sigh sounded.

“Why did the operation fail?”

“Master, a powerful warrior appeared. That man is so powerful that he injured the Executioner with one strike. The Executioner wasn’t able to escape and got killed instantly. Everyone who participated in this operation all died……

“[Blood Rose] Paris…… you guys underestimated this woman. How can someone who can compete with the elder princess be this easy to kill!”

“Master, we deserve to be penalized!”

“I gave this operation the go-ahead, you guys are not guilty. Did you guys investigate into who that warrior was?”

“We are still investigating. From what we know so far, that man was the king of a level 6 affiliated kingdom in the remote countryside. We don’t know exactly how powerful he is; the most recent news is that he defeated the tenth Execution Knight of Zenit!”

“Continue! Get all the information on this man.”

“Yes, master.”

“This operation failed, and Zenit must have gained some information on us. From now on, everything needs to be more careful. However, Operation Blood Thorn must continue! I will let everyone in St.Petersburg live under the cloud of devastation and fear!”

“Yes, master!”

“Go and continue on your work!”



* * *





Chapter 224




Chapter 224

Chapter 224: Item from the God and Demon Ruins? (Part One)

“You can finally decide now, right?” She asked as she pulled the leather cape on her shoulders tighter.

The Elder Princess looked at the letter in her hand and lightly placed it on the table. Under the magic light that had a red tone, her pale face had a rare red glow. Her blue eyes were staring at the Elder Prince Arshavin.

The man who was called [Zenit’s God of War]. After a long period of silence. The last bit of unwillingness disappeared in his eyes. He nodded and said, “Tanasha, I’d admit, you were right about him. I can promise you that I won’t go after the recipe for the potion, and I won’t go after the King of Chambord. Now, just like you said, he has grown out wings and is hard to control!”

Elder Princess exhaled as a relaxed sensation appeared on her face.

“Will you go and check out the duel between him and the Seventh Execution Knight?”

“Of course!” Arshavin was very decisive. “This duel had already shaken half of the capital, and there will be a lot of influential figures showing up. If the King of Chambord can defeat Kelud, he would be worth it for me to get friendly with and try to pull onto my side!”

At this moment, a guard outside the palace announced a visitor. A general in silver armor came in fast and saluted at them. Then, he passed a letter to the Elder Prince. As soon as Arshavin looked through the letter, his face changed color. He stood up and said, “Three generals of the [Iron Blood Legion] had been assassinated. The situation is serious, I need to go back and check!”

After Arshavin and the general walked off, Elder Princess pondered.

“Older brother, you always loved to meet and befriend geniuses, but why are you feeling a little hostile towards him?”

……

At the camping area of the armies.

The night was getting darker, and the stars were even brighter.

It was cold during the early winter, but it couldn’t extinguish the noisiness and the chatter from this area. What happened at the Wind-Whisper Pub seemed to have roused the people. The fire was burning and cracking while more exciting and wild shows were being performed in this chaotic camping ground; only the best would be respected.

After jumping off of the carriage and watching the flirtatious Paris being protected and taken away by the masters under Dominguez towards the center of St. Petersburg, Fei relaxed. With that level of protection, Paris was very safe, and the agreement between them was probably going to be honored. Despite the fact that a lot of stuff happened in the hub, his mission of being an “old friend” was achieved!

Feeling the noisiness and hearing the shouts coming from the streets, Fei who loved night-markets and small merchants didn’t hurry back to Chambord’s Campsite. He walked to a quiet place and took out a black cloak. After putting it on and hid some of his characteristics, he picked a noisy street and mixed himself with the crowd.

“The top-grade fox fur from Black Forest! It has some cold and ice-magic resistance. Top material for capes and light armor! Come and take a look! Last three, a silver coin each……”

“Forged by masters, the sharpest sword! Take a look! You can be invincible at the Military Practice with this blade!”

“Mysterious items from the God and Demon Ruins, goes to the highest bidder……”

Fei heard all sorts of shouts as he walked along the street. He loved this feeling; an indescribable calmness can be felt from this noisiness. Of course, from the experience of his previous life, walking without making any purchases was boring; the real fun was in buy, buy, buy!

Fei wa

s now rich! Except the Purple Crystal Magic Card that contained a lot of money, he had some loose gold coins and silver coins. Therefore, he bought a lot of items that he found interesting. He didn’t need most of them, but he felt like a real gangster.

Fei bought all of the fox furs from that vendor. These furs were interesting, and they could be made into a nice cape for Angela later. That sword that the other merchant wanted to sell was some garbage; soldiers could use it, but it would chip into pieces after warrior energy gets injected into it.

However, that vendor who was selling items from the God and Demon Ruins attracted Fei’s attention.

This vendor was surrounded by people. It was obvious that the words God and Demon Ruins were very attractive. In between shouting and angry swears, Fei squatted down and took a detailed look. Six to seven items were placed on a piece of black fur. They were all for sale. There was half of a sword, two black small balls, and three oval stones that looked like pineapples with some scaly patterns. No one knew what they were.



Chapter 224: Item from the God and Demon Ruins? (Part Two)

After Fei’s observations, he found that not a lot of people were willing to pay. The owner of these items was an elder who was old and thin. He only said that these items were from the God and Demon Ruins, but he didn’t know where exactly they were from and what level the God and Demon Ruins was. However, the prices on these items were extremely high! Each item was at least a hundred gold coins. That made a lot of interested people give up on bargaining. Didn’t matter what happened, this elder didn’t lower the prices.

“I think all of these are fake. How can you get your hands on items from a God and Demon Ruins?”

“Old scammer, brought some stuff here to fool us.”

“Old man, I will take everything for the price of a gold coin, deal?”

There were some people who were knowledgeable in the crowd. Although they couldn’t tell if the elder was telling the truth, the items did have a mysterious feel to them. Some people tried to convince the elder and see if they could get a good deal.

“No, every item is a hundred gold coins! I won’t lower the price!” The elder was not wearing much; despite the fact that he was shivering in cold, he was very stubborn.

Fei kneeled down and held onto the item that looked like half of a sword. He weighted it, then he played with the two small black balls. After that, he gave the three oval-shaped stones a feel; he didn’t know what they were, but he felt like they were eggs of some creature even though they felt like rocks.

“I will take all of it!”

Fei thought about it and said. He saw that the elder was really cold and hungry, so he felt bad for him. Also, Fei was rich, so he retreated it as an act of kindness. He took out six hundred gold coins from his storage space and gave them to the elder in a bag.

“Hehe, I knew I would meet someone who is knowledgeable.” The elder smiled and showed his yellow teeth. He was missing one. He quickly took over the bag and picked out a gold coin. He bit onto it and smiled afterwards finding that they were not fake.

A few men who wanted to bargain and buy these items at a lower cost looked at Fei with hostile expressions. They weren’t happy that someone came out of nowhere and took the items, but they didn’t say anything. These men weren’t dumb and knew that a man who could easily spend six hundred gold coins wasn’t a nobody. In this chaotic campsite, no one knew each other’s background.

After playing with the items in his hands, he felt like this stuff was really mysterious. He looked up and wanted to ask where the elder got them, but he realized that the vendor had already disappeared.

“I didn’t even sense when that elder left with my current power level?” Fei felt like the situation was really strange.

After the transaction was over, the crowd slowly dispersed.

“Kid, you have been fooled. That old man had been wondering around for a few days. He would always bring out some stuff and say they were from God and Demon Ruins. He has scammed quite a few number of people……” A mid-aged man who looked friendly came by and told Fei.

Fei thanked the man as he lightly shook his head. He put the items back to his storage space and walked ahead.

He felt like the situation wasn’t that simple.

All kinds of kingdoms were camped here. The distance between each kingdom’s camp sites was about a hundred meters, and it was quite loud and noisy. Fei walked on the street as he observed the kingdoms on the sides. These camp sites were different in size and had different warriors in them; Fei was able to sense some powerful sensations from larger camp sites. “Those must be master warriors from each kingdom.” He thought.

Not sure when, but snow started to fall from the sky. This was the first time that Fei saw snow on the Azeroth Continent.

The snowflakes got bigger and bigger. Soon, the entire space was dyed white.

At this moment, a deep shout sounded and drew Fei’s attention.



* * *





Chapter 225




Chapter 225

Hail the King Chapter 225: Got be a hero sometimes (Part One)

“King of Byzantine, how dare you refuse to hand over the person that the Blood-edge Mercenary Group wants?”

A dominating shout sounded from a campsite that was less than half the size of Chambord’s. Fei looked up and saw the campsite surrounded by all kinds of people. However, Fei was able to instantly see through the crowd and realize that there was some kind of conflict. The group with the advantage in the conflict had more than a dozen men with black suits and leather armor on their bodies. On the leather armor, there was engraved a sabre that had blood dripping down from it.

It was the symbol for Blood-edge Mercenary Group!

They were just the people who Fei was looking for!

Without making a scene, Fei quietly squeezed into the crowd and got to the front row. Through the fence posts, he was able to see the word “Byzantine” on the centre stone, declaring who had temporary ownership of this small campsite.

Fei had never heard of this kingdom before, but he got to know that this kingdom was a very weak level 6 Affiliated Kingdom. But in contrast with Chambord, the Byzantine Kingdom was in the south side of the Empire. This kingdom was located by a sea port, and the weather there was very comfortable. It was much better than Chambord.

Beside the Byzantine Kingdom’s campsite, there were several other adjacent kingdoms. Therefore, they knew a lot about the situation, and Fei was able to learn.

This Byzantine Kingdom was weak, but they were located at an important sea port. Therefore, they were being treated as a fat piece of meat by other kingdoms around them. The situation deteriorated two years ago when the old king passed away; the only son of the old king inherited the throne, but key ministers were able to control majority of the kingdom’s resources. The kingdom was under both internal and external threats. The young king of Byzantine came here with the hope of keeping the status of level 6 affiliated kingdom, but they somehow got into a conflict with the Blood-edge Mercenary Group who had a vicious reputation.

The Blood-edge Mercenary Group was one of the top four mercenary groups in the Zenit Empire. They had subgroups located in almost every part of Zenit, and they had a lot of master warriors. What was more important was that they were backed by a huge noble family. Among all the kingdoms camped in the area, only the ten level 1 affiliated kingdoms and a few powerful level 2 affiliated kingdoms could make them rethink their actions before doing something, but they weren’t scared of the Byzantine Kingdom who were already at risk of losing their position of a level 6 affiliated kingdom after this competition. Thus, they entered the Byzantine Kingdom’s campsite rudely.

“Our group head really admires Ms. Izabella, and he had invited her to our headquarters in St. Petersburg for a party. King of Byzantine, how dare you stop us?” A man with two huge hammers that were bigger than his body sneered as he threatened the young king.

The King of Byzantine was a handsome but thin young man. It was obvious that he was living a comfortable and luxurious lifestyle and had never had this kind of confrontation before. He looked very angry, but was also a little helpless and anxious. With a white robe on his body, his thin body shivered under pressure. However, he was still holding on a beautiful girl with one of his arms as he protected her with his chest. He shouted with a begging tone, “Captain Harry, Izabella, she……she……she is sick. Please let her go!”

As the king, he had to speak in such a way. It was clear that the Byzantine Kingdom was really weak.

“Hehe, sick? The Blood-edge Mercenaries’ headquarters has the best doctors and healing

mages. It would be perfect for her to come. We need to go!” The man with the two huge hammers on his back didn’t listen to the king’s begging. He locked his eyes on the girl in the king’s arm as he looked very thirsty. He looked like he wanted to take this girl right now.

“You guys are too reckless! Izabella is the future queen of our kingdom and our majesty’s lover. How dare you rude criminals pressure our king like that?” A loyal guard beside the king couldn’t bear it anymore. He opened his mouth and shouted.



Hail the King Chapter 225: Got be a hero sometimes (Part Two)

Bam!

A hammer swung in the air.

The loyal guard’s head was smashed into a pile of meat paste as blood spilled everywhere.

This man named Harry laughed viciously as he rubbed his hammer that was stained by the blood on the loyal guard’s corpse. After he cleaned the red and white liquid off of his hammer, he put it back onto his back and didn’t explain his actions. His attitude made everyone feel like he just killed a fly and not a guard of King of Byzantine.

“You……” The king was frightened and angry.

“Your majesty, what are you waiting for? Quickly accept Captain Harry’s request! Do you want to give up on our kingdom’s hope just because of a woman? Don’t forget, our kingdom can only pass this competition and maintain the status of a level 6 affiliated kingdom with the help of Blood-edge Mercenary Group!” A short and fat middle-aged man in a purple suit spoke. From the look of it, it seemed like he was a minister at the kingdom. But he was shouting at the young king and showing a very friendly and flattering attitude towards Harry. The scene was really ironic.

“Eric, as the head minister of Byzantine, how dare you…… you……” The young king pointed at the fatty’s nose as he stuttered. He was so mad that he didn’t know what to say.

“Humph, your majesty, please make a decision fast. Don’t become the one who destroy the efforts of all the former kings!” The fatty dusted off the snow on his robe as he said with a cold voice.

“Your majesty, save me, save me!” The girl held onto the young king tightly as she begged with tears sliding down her cheek.

Wind blew by, and snow fell on the young king’s head.

His loyal guard was killed with a hammer in front of him. The blood from the corpse had dyed the white snow red, and the blood was still steaming in the cold…….

His enemy was pressuring him with a dominating demeanor and asking him to hand over his lover.

His minister was helping his enemy and probing him with words.

At this moment, the young and thin king of Byzantine felt like he was bearing a huge amount of weight, and his body was going to collapse any second. He was looking at the girl in his arms with love and unwillingness. He looked more like a helpless weak young man rather than a high-up king.

“Your majesty, what are you waiting for? Are you really going to make Captain Harry angry? How dare you give up on the kingdom because of a low-class woman?” The fatty in purple stared at the king angrily as he pushed with his cold tone.

“I……” A painful expression appeared on the young king’s face as he was tore appear.

“Humph!” Harry sneered again to pressure the king more, and other dozen mercenaries all started to sneer as well.

“Your majesty, Izabella is not willing to let you bear the name of guilt. I’m willing to give up anything for you. I …… Mr. Harry, I’m going to go to the party with you. Please, I beg you, please don’t forget to help his majesty to win in the competition and save the kingdom’s status……”

After seeing the struggle and pain in the young king’s eyes, the pure girl finally understood something. She signed as she slowly got out of her lover’s arms. Clear crystal like tears slid off of her face and dripped into the snow. Her thin body was trembling as she stood in the snow facing those beast like mercenaries. She looked like a weak little white flower as her expression was desperate and heartbroken.

“No……” The young king shouted out of pain and desperation. He reached out, but the fatty in purple dragged him back.

“Hahahaha!” The mercenaries laughed proudly.

“Ah, what a bunch of bastards. In these couple of days, they had been kidnapping girls from all kinds of kingdoms. There had been more than fifty cases……” Someone signed in the crowd. Blood-edge Mercenary Group had been kidnapping beautiful young girls and giving them as gifts to the forces that were backing them up. This kind of actions had made them a target, but those affiliated kingdoms didn’t dare to offend the group because the forces behind the group was just too powerful.

However, the deepest part of Fei’s heart was touched by this.

Especially after he saw the pain and struggle in the young king’s eyes and the desperate expression on the young girl’s face, he suddenly felt like the situation that the king of Byzantine and his lover was in was extremely similar to his situation. When he had arrived in this world, he was faced with head minister Bazzar’s pressure and the threat of the black armored enemies. If it wasn’t for the Diablo World, his ending wouldn’t be any better than this king’s……

After thinking of that, Fei took off the cloak.

“Kill all the bastards of Blood-edge Mercenary Group! Anyone who is not involved quickly move aside!”

A shout suddenly sounded from the crowd.

Followed by the shout, there were more than a dozen fire balls that were more than ten centimetres in diameter.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

Explosions was followed by the high heat. In an instant, a redness lit up the sky. The powerful magic surge shocked everyone, and the dozen mercenaries didn’t expect this and were all hit!

“AHAHAHAH……”

The mercenaries of Blood-edge who got hit screamed as they rolled on the ground. However, the fire that caught on hem couldn’t be extinguished didn’t matter how hard they tried. Soon, they were turned into piles of ashes, and their armors and weapons were liquefied!

This scene was terrifying.

“Who are you?” Harry held onto his hammers as he turned around and shouted.

“The person who is going to kill you!” Fei switched from Sorceress Mode to Barbarian Mode as he laughed and walked out of the crowd. With murderous spirit filling the space around him, he stepped into the campsite. He looked like a demon in the eyes of Harry.



* * *





Chapter 226




Chapter 226

Chapter 226: Any Other Reasons?

Fei only took a step forward, but the force coming off him was pressuring everyone else like a tsunami. The few mercenaries of the Blood-edge mercenary group who survived the fireballs all kneeled onto the ground uncontrollably as they felt their fragility when faced with this force.

Most of these mercenaries were weak. They only had a faint sense of warrior energy, and they weren’t even star ranked warriors. Under Fei’s barbaric power that was equivalent to a six star warrior, most of their bones broke just under the pressure. They were as weak as chicken that encountered a tiger.

As Fei walked closer, a series of balloon exploding noises sounded. Other than Captain Harry, who had the two huge hammers, all the other mercenaries were smashed into piles of meat paste by an invisible force. They didn’t even have the chance to scream.

This level of power was devastating.

The crowd outside of the camp were all shocked to see this. They opened their mouth and eyes wide, and they looked like Fei as if they saw a demon king arriving from hell.

As Fei’s Barbarian level increased and got more battling experience, Fei’s control of Barbarian’s physical force had reached another level. As he walked, none of his force was exerted onto the people of the Byzantine Kingdom. Without even moving his body, no one except Captain Harry could make him move.

“You……Who are you?” Harry unleashed all of his power and struggled to stand up. He shouted as fear took over, “We are members of Blood-edge Mercenary Group, how dare you attack us?”

“I’m killing Blood-edge bastards for a reason.” Fei sneered. He didn’t waste any more words and punched out directly.

Harry raised his hammers and wanted to defend.

But the booming noise sounded. Chipped iron pieces flew in the air, and the invincible black iron hammers looked as if they were weak like paper. They weren’t the only things that were destroyed. Harry’s arms were also destroyed. Then, the huge amount of force went through this criminal who was threatening the Byzantine Kingdom a few seconds ago and turned him into a cloud of blood mist. The snow falling down around him was turned into red.

Only more than a dozen seconds had elapsed, and a team of Blood-edge Mercenaries who was capable of suppressing a small kingdom was wiped out. None of the team members was able to escape. The difference between the two parties was just too big.

Without a single drop of blood on him, Fei stood there quietly as he glanced through everyone with his cold and sharp stare. Finally, his eyes locked onto the young king of Byzantine.

“You…… who are you?” After sensing the eyes of the Demon King like figure locking onto him, the young king forced himself to calm down as he protected the girl Izabella behind him.

Fei suddenly lowered his head and fell into a moment of silence; he didn’t answer the question of this young man.

The atmosphere was really stifling.

No one in the camp nor in the crowd outside of the camp dared to move. In fact, they didn’t even dare to breathe. They were scared that this powerful demon king like figure would instantly move and squish them into a pancake.

Soon, everything around the campsite was silent, and snow was falling down from the sky.

Suddenly, Fei raised his head.

He reached out, and an invisible force seized the young king of Byzantine. After pulling the young man close to him, a small ball of dark green liquid flew from Fei’s palm into this young man’s mouth.

“AHHAHA…….Ouch……Ouch…… what did you force me to eat? So painful!” The young king’s body quickly started t

o shake violently in pain.

“Let him go…… No!! Let him go, what did you do to him? You devil……”

Izabella’s face was filled with terror. After seeing her lover being forced to drink the poison-like dark green liquid and starting to cry out in pain, her love for the young king overtook her fear of Fei as she tried to rush over and save her lover……

However, she was so weak that she couldn’t get pass the invisible force field.

“You dirty woman, what are you doing? Do you want to offend this master warrior and bring disaster to the Byzantine Kingdom?” As the head minister, the fat man in purple was scared and mad at the same time. He smiled in flattery at Fei as he shouted, “Quick, someone stop that woman. Don’t let her offend this great master.”

A few guards who were loyal to the head minster walked up and dragged Izabella to the back without saying anything.



At this time, the young king who was stabilized in mid-air by this invisible force was struggling and crying even more violently. His entire body turned to the dark green color, and he looked like a terrifying monster. With his veins bulging, his blood vessels looked like they were about to burst. His handsome face also twitched and changed shape with the intolerable amount of pain. His voice also got hoarse as he gradually lost strength to even resist.

This terrifying scene made everyone in the crowd shiver subconsciously.

By just looking at the expression of the young king, they would clearly understand what kind of experience the king was going through. Now, everyone was looking at Fei with a different look. On top of respect, now they also viewed Fei as a mentally sick man.

However, more people was feeling lucky.

They were glad that this devil like man didn’t choose them as the target of torture. Otherwise, they may have already bit their tongues to commit suicide. Now, they were all staring at the young king with pity in their eyes.

But at this moment, things turned.

Not sure when, but the greenness on the young king’s body started to disappear. Except the sweat on his body, no trace of what happened couldn’t be found on him. Without the sweat, people would have thought that they were hallucinating.

Puff!

Fei waved his hand and the force that seized the young king disappeared; the king fell directly onto the ground.

“Your majesty….. your majesty, are you ok? You are fine? You scared me……” Not sure where the girl got the strength from, but she got free from the guards and rushed to the side of the young king. After she cried in surprise and happiness, she turned around and kneeled in front of Fei. She begged, “Please, I beg you. Please don’t torture him anymore……”

Her tone was so desperate and sad that the people in the crowd also had tears in their eyes after hearing that.

“Ah…… what happened? I….. this is power…… I’m filled with power!”

A gasp suddenly sounded. The young king of Byzantine suddenly realized something as he stared at his hands. He couldn’t believe it as he sensed the power flowing in him. After a moment of stun, he suddenly struck the ground with one of his fists. Boom! The hard ground cracked, and a spider web like dent appeared on the ground.

Everyone who saw this had their mouths wide open.

“What happened?” They all thought.

“HOW?”

“Miracle!”

“Wonder!”

The young king’s strength somehow advanced! From his punch, people were able to tell that he was on the level of a two star warrior. A few moments ago, this king was only a one star warrior. What happened?

Some smart people in the crowd already stared at the man in the cloak; they had got a hang of everything after linking everything together.

“This……” The young king of Byzantine who was surprised knew what was going. After he helped his lover to stand up, he wanted to kneel down and thank this man. However, he found that he wouldn’t bend his kneels at all; an invisible force was stopping him from doing so.

“We are on the same level as kings. You shouldn’t kneel down to thank me.” Fei said lightly.

“Then…… thank you, I……” The young king who was filled with gratitude was so excited that he couldn’t put his speech together. After all, the man in front of him didn’t just kill the members of Blood-edge ground to save them, the man also used some magical method to help him with his advancement; but he had misunderstood the man’s intent.

“Mister, please forgive me for my ignorance. I didn’t know……” The young girl stopped crying and smiled. With some tears still in her eyes, she bowed at Fei to apologize.

Fei smiled back, he didn’t mind it at all. He then turned around and asked the young king, “Under that kind of pain, you could choose to bite your tongue and commit suicide, why did you resist?”

“Because the Byzantine Kingdom still needs me. I can’t abandon my loyal subjects……”

Fei shook his head as he continued, “Other than that, is there anything else?”

“I……” The young king paused for a second and responded, “I have to live.” He clenched his fists and said, “I have to protect Izabella. Without me, she couldn’t survive in this world!”

Fei laughed out loud at this answer.



* * *





Chapter 227




Chapter 227

Chapter 227: Special gifts (Part One)

“I like your answer. Wanting to protect something is a very powerful source of energy that can make you fearless in the face of all difficulties, and it will stimulate your potential so that you become more powerful. Therefore, young King, don’t give up. To protect someone is your mission, and this is a reason to be proud of. In my opinion, you are very lucky to have this girl, you should take good care of her!”

After he finished talking, Fei laughed and turned away.

“Mister, may I know your name? From now on, whenever you need any help or assistance from me, the Byzantine Kingdom and I are willing to help you, no matter the cost…” The young King saw Fei start to leave, and he hurriedly chased after Fei.

Fei took a long walk and didn’t look back, “Hahaha, the King of Byzantine, if you are interested, you will soon know who I am.”

The crowd made a path for Fei wherever he went.

Now, the people around were looking at the young King of Byzantine with different eyes. The sympathy and compassion that were in their eyes no longer existed, but pure envy and jealousy appeared. No one had even imagined this dramatic turn of events. This unlucky King, not only did he live, but he also managed to have his strength increased tremendously. Moreover, he also made a super powerful friend. This was simply luck falling from Heaven! For a time, everyone dreamed to be the young King of Byzantine, so that they could get in touch with the superhero in front of them.

However, just then, Fei suddenly stopped.

He turned around and looked at the fat middle-aged man wearing a purple gown, Eric, frowned his eyebrows and asked, “Are you the head minister of the Byzantine Kingdom?”

The purple robed fat man Eric thought that Fei wanted to have a word with him. He was overjoyed and immediately walked towards Fei as he replied, “Yes, Lord, I am, my name is … …”

Pong!

With twenty meters apart, Fei suddenly blasted a punch at Eric.

With a muffled Sound, this guy who always attempted to flatter the people around and tried to scheme behind people’s backs was instantly transformed into a smashed watermelon.

The crowd was blown away.

Fei didn’t like this person.

Eric switched his faces just like the hookers switching their pants in the brothel. Fei easily thought of that ambivalent and manipulative Bazzer, the head minister of Chambord. Based on Eric’s behavior and his previous acts, he was obviously not a good guy. Killing Eric may instead help the young King.

After he had finished all of this, Fei laughed. His clothes were fluttering, and his black cloak was flying in the wind. Fei’s figure flashed at a very fast speed and disappeared in the vast darkness and snow.

In the Byzantine Kingdom’s camp, Eric’s body was left in the middle of a group of stunned people.

……

After leaving the Byzantine’s camp, Fei did not continue to stroll and look around. He soon returned to Chambord’s Camp.

At this time, the night had come. The gathering crowd had gradually gone away. The thick silver snow had covered everything under the sky including the entire campsite. Within the ten kilometers radius, the camp noises had gradually stopped. The only sound that could be heard was the snow drifting down from the sky as a gentle wind blew. Within four days, the Military Practice would officially begin. The peaceful drifting of snow was like the calm before the storm.

In Chambord’s camp, there were solders practicing in the snow. Fei did not disturb them and went straight to the Magic Tent located in the center of the camp. He opened the curtain at the gate and went inside. The hollow crystal magic lanterns

had lightened up the entire camp, and the silver light warmed the people’s hearts and made everyone feel sweet and peaceful.

“Alexander, you’re back,” Angela said. She was embroidering something in front of the lamp as she saw Fei flying into the camp. She approached Fei with a smile of surprise; after taking Fei’s snow-covered cloak over and hanging it neatly on the hanger just like a gentle and thoughtful little wife, she tapped away the dust on Fei’s body and asked Emma to get a bowl of hot soup for Fei.

Fei felt a sense of happiness.

“Come on, let’s see. I’ve got some interesting presents for the both of you,” Fei said. He then took the presents out that were previously bought from the stores from the storage rings and placed them all on the table.

“Wow, a pretty fur coat! Oh, this crystal mask is beautiful as well, ah, thank you, Alexander!”

Angela and Emma still were little girls at heart. These gifts were not precious, but they were still somewhat fun, rare and interesting, especially since they were picked by Fei. The two girls looked cheered up by these small gifts.

“Hey, what’s this thing? It looks weird!”

Angela suddenly exclaimed and then picked one of the pineapple-shaped oval small stones out of the small gift pile and held it in her hands. She looked surprised as if she had discovered treasure.

“Ha, there are another two here!” The little Lolita Emma also found the other two stones. She said as she was frustrated after staring at it for a long time: “Well, it seems like nothing special. Just like two useless hard stone eggs! ”

Fei felt a little bit embarrassed. He thought: “This little girl is so blunt and straightforward.” He almost felt a little regret as he took out these mysterious old stones that the old man said he got from some Mythical Ruins.



Chapter 227: Special gifts (Part Two)

“No, this stone seems like it contains life. I can feel it.” Angela carefully held the piece of oval stone by her jade-like ears while quietly listened. Soon, her brow wrinkled as she frowned: “Strange ah, I can clearly feel something that seems to call from inside, but as I get closer, that feeling is gone.” She said.

“Well, Angela, you can investigate into them further. If you like, you can keep these three stone eggs!” Angela’s behavior made Fei wonder if the stone eggs possessed some secrets. The old man felt very mysterious to him, and perhaps these three stone eggs really had some linkages or connections with Fei’s own Beautiful fiancée who had an unparalleled affinity for animals and plants.

“Thank you, Alexander!” Angela liked this gift very much, and she found a delicate, soft, fire-insulated magical box to store the three pineapple-shaped eggs in for safekeeping.

“Oh, yes, your majesty, after you left the camp, there were a lot of royalty and important people from the imperial capital coming to visit you with gifts. Since you didn’t come back, these people dropped off their gifts here and left.” The Blonde little Loli Emma remembered something as she opened the curtain on the right side of a magical tent. It looked like a hill of treasures in the back of the curtain as it was made from with a variety of exquisite magic armors, powerful magical swords, magic training scrolls and warrior energy training scroll in precious boxes, as well as a variety of other valuable gifts.

“These people understand what my preferences are. If I was still the poor Chambord King, this armor and weapons is very alluring to me… …” Fei touched his chin and said.

Suddenly, he remembered what Harry Redknapp, one of the supervisors of the Soros Merchant Group, had predicted. Harry predicted that after the battle of Dual-Towers Mountains, Fei would surely become famous in the imperial capital. Originally, Fei thought that he was just challenged by the seventh executive knight, and these important people from different groups may just wait-and-see. Fei didn’t realize that some forces and groups had begun ‘advance investment’ in him.

“Haha, your majesty, there were some gifts sent to you that you will definitely love.” The blonde little Emma squeezed her eyes.

“Oh?” Fei was a little curious by the look of Emma.

The little Loli Emma turned around and got out of the tent. After a while, she opened the curtains and came back with four beautiful young girls behind, all dressed in a tight white gauze with perfect body shapes. They were wearing snake-shaped gold exquisite armbands, and they were apparently well-trained and expertly dressed. Looking at their lovely movements with timid expressions, it was easy to arouse desire in any man.

“Who sent them?” Fei felt a glimmer of curiosity.

“It’s the Blood-edge Mercenary Group, on behalf of so-called the Fellon family from St. Petersburg ……” Angela saved the three large pineapple-shaped stones, turned, and smiled back at Fei as she explained: “I know that Chambord has a feud with the Blood-edge Mercenary Group, and the Fellon Family is not easy to deal with either. I had asked the four girls privately and realized that they had been kidnapped by the Blood-edge before and were taken as gifts. The girls’ life experiences are all very sad. If we returned them back, their fate may be worse, so I decided to keep them with us!”

“Well, you handled this matter well!” Fei was very satisfied with what Angela did.

Angela smiled and pointed at the gifts at the door as she continued: “For these gifts, I do not know that which ones are acceptable, so I have labeled each one of the gifts with where they came from. If you do not want to receive these gifts, Alexander, I can send someone tomorrow to return them.”

“Hahaha, these are free gifts, why don’t you accept them? If someone gives you free food and sends it to your mouth, why vomit it back?” Fei smiled and hugged his fiancée, “These gifts, we will award them to the soldiers tomorrow. After leaving Chambord City, they must be exhausted. They deserve it.”

“Well…” Angela was getting used to her Majesty and was not as shy as before.

“As for them …” Fei looked at the four timid-looking girls waiting for their fates and said, “Angela, I will leave all of them to you. I have a battle with the seventh executive knight at the first Sword-Testing stage, so I need to prepare for it in the evening. Do not let people bother me, and you should also sleep early tonight. If there are any other things that need to be arranged, Angela, you can deal with them on behalf of me!”

Fei finished talking, kissed the bright forehead of his fiancée, and turned to the left side of the tent.

Soon, the sky-blue portal appeared and Fei stepped into it, instantly disappearing in place.



* * *





Chapter 228




Chapter 228

Chapter 228: The New Path (Part One)

After entering Diablo World, Fei went to the [Rogue Encampment] first and found Elena. Every time they met, they would take some time to work on their relationship. After that, they talked about Chambord.

After Fei constructed a small teleport portal in the [City of Heroes] in the back mountain. The people in the [Rogue Encampment] were able to go to Chambord for 4 hours a day and teach them and guide them on further constructions. Due to this, Fei was able to know exactly what was going on back in Chambord with the help of Elena and the others. After hearing that Chambord was developing according to the plan he drew out without him there, he was satisfied and relieved at the same time.

“According to plan, Uncle Lampard and the others had left Chambord some time ago. If they are on time, they should be here tomorrow. Then, all the participants from Chambord would be here.”

Fei thought to himself.

“Elena, starting tomorrow, you don’t need to go to Chambord to train the soldiers. Come with me to the campsite in St. Petersburg. The competition is about to start and I want you to be a part of it. The competition is a great way for you to practice and improve your skills. What is even better is that you can get a better understanding of the world!”

“Really? That’s great, Alexander.” Elena was delighted to hear Fei’s plan.

The past few weeks had been tough for Elena.

Although she was able to meet with Fei in the Diablo World at night, Fei was only able to stop at Diablo World for 4 hours. To Fei, these four hours were extremely important; he had to save every second of that time to kill monsters and improve his strength to be more prepared for the dangers in the real world. Therefore, he didn’t allocate any of his time to Elena.

To Elena, after they got through the last obstacle between them in the back mountain, their relationship had developed fast. Like newlyweds, they should spend every second with each other. After knowing that she would be able to stand beside Fei in the “Promising World”, she was very happy.

“Oh, right. I got some small gifts to give you.”

Fei bought a lot of small items at the night market. He gave some to Angela and Emma, and he didn’t forget the Valkyrie Elena who had been with him since the beginning. As Fei said that, he took out the items he prepared for the girl, and the girl was so surprised that her eyes teared up. She played with the items that Fei had for her in her hands as if they were the most valuable things in the world.

“Thank you, Alexander.” Happiness filled the girl’s heart.

The Valkyrie-like girl who wasn’t scared of terrifying demons carefully put these not-too-expensive items away and then kissed Fei on the cheek. An electric shock instantly went through the king’s heart.

Both Elena and Angela reacted in such a similar way when they received gifts; Fei felt a little guilty. After he came to this world, he had been thinking about how to get stronger and make Chambord Stronger; however, he had neglected the two most important girls in his life. He realized that he wasn’t paying enough attention to the two girls who loved him and he loved dearly.

After organized everything at the [Rogue Encampment], Elena used the teleport portal and got back to Chambord to pass the command from Fei to Brook and Bast. Fei on the other hand decided to go to [Lut Gholein] with his Barbarian Mode and complete the quest – [The Summoner].

At the moment, his Barbarian character needed a little bit more experience to go to level 40. With the best level 6 Magic Items he could purchase from the NPC and the level 7 Green Weapons, he was powerful as ever. On top of that, he was very used to using the bruta

l physical strength of Barbarian. After everything was combined, he had the strength of a mid-tier six-star warrior.

Fei still needed to learn how to use every technique he knew smoothly and effectively. Also, one issue was bothering him. Despite the fact that Barbarian was powerful and could easily wipe out weak opponents, he couldn’t stimulate his potential and power to deal explosive strikes like warriors in this world. His strength was very stable and couldn’t temporarily jump up in level and challenge warriors on another level.

For this reason, Fei didn’t enter the third big map in Diablo, but rather, he came to [Arcane Sanctuary]; a place that he had already passed. He was trying to use the high-level demons and monsters to help him get into the right zone for the battle tomorrow.



Chapter 228: The New Path (Part Two)

Whoosh!

The cry of the swords resonated in the place.

Bam!

Huge transparent fist marks smashed through the sky on top of [Arcane Sanctuary] with the Barbarian skill – [Bash].

Monsters died one after another.

The [Lightning Spires] and [Night Bats] emitted electric currents after they died, and apes like [Blunderbores] spurted out a ton of blood as they were chopped through by Fei. The whines and cries filled the entire sanctuary, and it looked like the end of the world.

Fei was battling.

He was trying to train his ability to switch between different types of skills and abilities.

Through this method, he was trying to add special effects from Barbarian’s skills into his self-created Sky-Frost Fist.

His level 39 Barbarian had learned quite a lot of skills under the following three categories: [Combat Skills], [Combat Masteries], and [War Cries].

Under [Combat Skills], he learned [Double Swing] which could attack two targets at the same time or attach the same target twice, and [Bash] which would instantly deal three times the damage after striking an opponent; there was also a stun effect where the opponent would be stunned for a short period of time. The skill [Concentration] allowed the barbarian to increase the damage as well as the accuracy of an attack, and [Leap] was being used by Fei as a movement type Qinggong kungfu technique where he could move and travel a lot faster.

Under [Combat Masteries], except [Sword Masteries], [Axe Masteries], and [Polearm Masteries], he learned [Iron Skin] which increased his defense and [Increased Speed] which added to the overall effectiveness of the barbarian character.

Under [War Cries], he learned [Howl], [Find Potion], [Shout], [Taunt], and [Battle Cry]. Each of these skills had magical effects, and Fei’s Sky-Frost Fist would definitely increase in power if he could merge the effects of these skills into it.

In the last four hours, Fei was trying to do everything he could.

This was something that he didn’t even imagine in his previous gaming life, but he was getting some progress. After fighting with the Golden Sun Knight, the number one young warrior of Hot Spring Gate Dillies, and the mysterious six star warrior assassin, he had accumulated a ton of experience. He was currently at a tipping point; if he could get through it, he would be able to find the perfect way to merge everything.

A new path for Fei to cultivate was slowly showing itself to Fei.

Tink!

A crisp sound suddenly sounded beside Fei’s ear. Fei who was under the enlightenment was suddenly awakened from it. A white beam of light came down from the sky and enveloped him, and the comfortable sensation covered the wounds on his body. The fatigue and the pain he was feeling quickly disappeared.

At this critical time, his Barbarian Character leveled up again.

After four hours of killing, the last bit of experience points was gained, and Fei’s Barbarian Character increased from level 39 to level 40. He gained a few more attribute points and skills points; with this in hand, he was more confident in the fight tomorrow.

……

……

The next day.

After a night of snow, the sun was up in the sky and shining down on the ground.

The campsites, the Moro Mountains, the tall magic towers, and the Martial Saint Mountain behind the Emperor’s Palace were all covered with a light layer of silver silk. The scenery looked magical and beautiful.

In the middle of the campsite.

There was the number one sword-testing stage which was the largest: it was more than a hundred meters in diameter, and it looked like a Colosseum.

As soon as the sun came up from the horizon, a ton of people already started to rush to here and seat all around the stage. Today, the famous young king of Chambord was about to face off the older generation warrior – number seven Executive Knight Kelud at noon.

It was rumored that both master warriors were at least six-star warriors. A duel between warriors on this level hadn’t occurred in many years in Zenit.



* * *





Chapter 229




Chapter 229

Chapter 229: Are you scared now? (Part One)

To many warriors at Zenit, a battle between two six-star warriors was rare to see. Such a duel was a popular event that would ignite their interest and curiosity since witnessing such battles would bring them unexpected gains in terms of understanding fighting. To other kings and high-level officials of Zenit, such an event would attract a lot of people, and it was a great opportunity for them to network and get to know the people who they wouldn’t get to see regularly.

There was still 5 hours until the duel, and people had surrounded the number one Sword-Testing Stage in numerous layers. It was extremely crowded as they all wanted to watch the battle up close. When there was only an hour left, there was no space for another person anywhere except the VIP viewing stage prepared for the most important people in the empire.

As time passed, the crowd got more anxious.

Although both parties of the duel hadn’t arrived, the surrounding atmosphere intensified. Within a kilometer radius from the stage, every single spot and corner was filled with people. Outside of this range, several wooden towers were constructed for the people who came late to view this fight.

Among the people, there was a small pathway of less than 3 meters in width for both dueling parties to arrive.

The knights belonging to the seventh Knight Tower of Imperial Knight Palace were fully equipped; they separated the crowd as they made another pathway for the important people of the Empire to get onto the VIP viewing stage. The fifty Sword-Testing Stages were set up by the military in advance. If there were conflicts between the warriors from difference kingdoms, they weren’t allowed to fight in private; they could, however, arrange for a duel to the death on the Sword-Testing Stages.

Every one of the Sword-Testing Stage was made from huge pieces of rocks and were engraved with magic arrays by high-level mages. The magic arrays were powered by a ton of magic crystals to ensure the power of the protection shields extended from the magic arrays. These stages guaranteed that the powers from the warriors during fights wouldn’t deal damage to Sword-Testing Stages. This number one Sword-Testing Stage had a magic array set up by the number one royal mage – Capdevila. Under the 100% empowerment from the crystals, it was able to hold up against a strike from a seven star warrior or mage.

As the sun raised higher, the crowd got even more anxious.

The big casinos and merchant groups had already set out rules and gambling odds. As the master warrior from the older generation, people had more confidence in the seventh Executive Knight Kelud, and the ratio was in his favour. To nobles ladies and gentlemen whose lives lacked excitement, a death battle between two six star warriors was far more interesting than the death fights between gladiators. These people placed down a ton of bets, and then they arrived at the number on Sword-Testing Stage and waited for the duel.

Time passed slowly and steadily.

A series of clip-clop noises sounded as a fleet of people came from St. Petersburg’s direction in the snow. With rectangular flags fluttering in the air, fully armored cavalry, this fleet of people came close to the Sword-Testing Stage with several magic carriages being protected in the middle.

“Ah, it’s the Dean Family. They control one of the top ten battle legions in the empire – the [Eagle Wing Legion]. Do you see the young man in the set of armor engraved with eagles? He is the first in line of inheritance of the family – Dean Carzola, a genius mage ……” Someone said to his friend.

People started to gasp.

The set of cavaliers in armor engraved with eagles charged by the crowd and spilled the dirty water and mud to their sides. Th

is dirty water appeared after some snow melted. However, no one in the crowd dared to show their anger. The magic carriage was floating in the air and was being dragged by several horses. When they reached the number one Sword-Testing Stage, several nobles ladies with makeup on walked out of the carriages and got onto the VIP viewing stage under the protection of the guards.

The Dean Family’s appearance announced the arrival of a bunch of noble families that ordinary people couldn’t even see on a regular day. A series of clip-clop noises sounded again with several groups of people appearing in sight.

Haughty knights and cavaliers with magic carriages dragged by magical beasts all appeared one after another.

“Hofff – “

As the ear-piercing roar sounded, six strange beasts that looked like tigers dragged three magic carriages pass by the crowd. These beasts were at least six meters tall and ten meters long, and the carriages were made from rare purple wood with gold trim on the outer layer, and it was enveloped in red magic flame. These beasts were so big and terrifying that some timid people started to scream when the beasts walked by them. These beasts were definitely magical, visible wind-element air-blades were circling around them.



Chapter 229: Are you scared now? (Part Two)

“Look, it is the symbol of Flo Family. God, they are using level 5 Demon Beasts Rapid Tigers to drag their carriages! This is …… a beast like that cost at least 1,000 gold coins, and there are people who can’t even get their hands on one!”

People who knew the in-and-outs shouted out as this brought a lot of surprises.

Boom!

The ground started to shake, and a formation of beasts that were larger than tigers appeared. These beasts were so big that they looked like small mountains. Every time they took a step forward, it caused a mini-earthquake. A knight with a black mask and a set of black metal armor stood on one of the beasts, and he protected a young and beautiful girl with a haughty temperament and a purple bearded elder up the VIP viewing stage……

“Look, it is Beag Family that controls the [Gigantic Force Legion], another one of the top ten battle legions of Zenit…… these huge beasts are the unique battle beasts of the legion. They are very powerful! They can easily tear through mountains!”

“Look! Do you see that icy and beautiful girl? She is the only daughter of the current leader of the Beag Family – Beag Beyoncé. I heard that she is the favorite of the elder leader, and it’s rumored that the man who marries this woman would get the financial and political support from Beag Family. She is the dream woman for a lot of men……”

“Really? God bless. If I can marry her……”

“You? Don’t even think about it. This girl is a talented individual; she once said that whoever wants to get to her has to defeat her first……”

A series of gasps sounded in the crowd.

As the people in the crowd talked to each other, more and more nobles families who they would never see appeared on the VIP stage. As more and more influential figures appeared, the smart people in the crowd already sensed strange. Since so many super powers in the empire showed their faces, it meant that this battle was beyond everyone’s imaginary scope.

“Whoosh-!”

Several dashes of light flashed through the sky.

The people in the crowd felt like their eyes blurred, and six more figures appeared on the VIP stage. These six figures were all enveloped in various strange yet powerful magic armors, and terrifying power surged from their bodies. People who weren’t warriors or mages could also sense that they were special. As soon as these six people appeared, the beasts that were roaring and shouting under the stage all quieted down as if they were mice that saw a huge cat.

“They are the Executive Knights of Imperial Knight Palace! They are all top warriors who are on the same level as Kelud…… God, I didn’t expect them to appear….. Are they all here to support Kelud? If so, the King of Chambord is in trouble!” Someone murmured.

“They are the Second Executive Knight – [Massacre Knight] , Third Executive Knight – [Punishment Knight], Fourth Executive Knight – [Giant Blade Knight], Fifth Executive Knight- [Ruthless Knight], Sixth Executive Knight- [Radiant Knight], and Eighth Executive Knight- [White Cloud Knight]. Except the First Executive Knight- [Godly Knight], the Ninth Executive Knight- [Shadow Knight], and the Tenth Executive Knight- [Golden Sun Knight] who was defeated by king of Chambord, they are all here……. For so many years, this is the first time that they all showed themselves in public together!”

“Six six-star warriors! I am not hallucinating, right?”

“Aha, Radiant Knight Paroski, my idol……”

The appearance of the six Executive Knights instantly lit up the atmosphere. Each of the six man controlled a portion of the Imperial Knight Palace, and they deterred the 250 affiliated kingdoms of Zenit. Each one of them was like a god in the mind of warriors in the affiliated kingdoms, and these warriors might not even see them in their life time. The low-level warriors didn’t expect to see them today! Adding Kelud to the number, they were able to see seven of the ten executive knights of Zenit! They were all excited.

The noble families and VIPs on the stage were also surprised; they didn’t expect to see so many other forces here today as well. They didn’t expect a duel would attract the attention of so many hidden high-level people!

Some people already started to think back and wonder if they had neglected something or this duel represented something bigger.

Finally, the sun was at the center of the sky.

Suddenly, an ear-piercing noise sounded as a bloody-red beam of light dashed towards the stage from the direction of Imperial Knight Palace. A soul-chilling blood sensation was left in the air as this light dashed through. People who sensed this felt like they were placed in a sea of blood and corpses; it was truly terrifying.

After the light went away, a tall and wild figure was standing on the number one Sword-Testing Stage.

[Bloodthirst Knight] Kelud.

The executive knight who ranked seventh among the top ten knights.

One of the two parties in this duel had appeared.

“King of Chambord, get over here and greet your death!” The bloody figure stood on the tallest stage and laughed out loud, “It is time, why aren’t you here? Are you scared?” His tone was chilling and gloomy.



* * *





Chapter 230




Chapter 230

Chapter 230: The Wait (Part One)

The humphing noise made by the seventh Executive Knight sounded over the noise made by tens of thousands of people. Everyone was waiting for the response of the King of Chambord.



However, one minute passed, two minutes passed…… After more than a dozen minutes, the roar or trash talk that everyone was expecting to come from Chambord’s Campsite didn’t appear. The sunlight shone on the silver snow, and there was a long moment of silence as people were waiting for an response.



“Humph!”



After hearing nothing back from his opponent, the seventh executive knight didn’t get angry as people expected. he only sneered and didn’t do anything else. He stood calmly on the stage and closed his eyes to meditate. The bloody red warrior energy enveloping him made it hard for people to see his face clearly. Looking from a far, he looked semi-transparent. It was really strange.



This man was waiting.



To be exact, there were still ten minutes until noon.



The atmosphere around the stage was very intense.



Everyone knew that this seventh executive knight was mad.



No one around the first Sword-Testing Stage dared to speak loudly. Just the bloody sense coming off of this figure on the stage made them feel like they were standing in a pool of blood and corpses. People who were brave didn’t dare to breathe heavily, and people who were timid were all pale from nervousness.



The name of the Bloodthirst Knight was so terrifying that everyone from the affiliated kingdoms feared him.



Even the influential figures sitting on the VIP seats didn’t make any jokes, they remained silent in unison. The Imperial Knight Palace was the bloodiest and the darkest institute at Zenit. They were only under the direct command of the emperor, and they had the strict power to oversee all 250 affiliated kingdoms and all noble forces and families. They weren’t restricted by the regular laws of the empire, and many famous and power kings of affiliated kingdoms and nobles were either punished or unjustly burned to death on the copper pillar in the palace after being accused by them. Even the members of the seven most influential noble families at Zenit were executed by them. Moreover, on the first Golden Pillar in the Imperial Knight Palace, three brothers of the emperor and four princes were killed by impalement for treason.



The prison in the Imperial Knight Palace represented cruelty and the darkest of deaths.



The seventh executive knight was named Bloodthirst Knight for a reason. He was tough and cruel like no others. The reason his golden metal element warrior energy turned red was because he crawled out of blood, stepped over numerous corpses, and absorbed the essence in the blood of his enemies. All ten executive knights were special and had their own uniqueness, but in terms of murderous spirit and cruelty, Kelud was number one!



Among millions of people at Zenit, the only people who weren’t scared of the executive knights, who had that much power, were the emperor himself and the Martial Saint of Zenit.



“King of Chambord, how dare you?”



After a few more minutes, Second Executive Knight – [Massacre Knight] suddenly spoke. He was in a set of armor with a ton of sharps hooks welded onto the back, looking like a terrifying weapon himself. The helmet with two blades on the sides blocked his face, but his murderous eyes were exposed.



What he said had dropped the temperature in the area for a few degrees.



“A dog from a village can’t handl

e this despite having some strength.” The Fourth Executive Knight – [Giant Blade Knight] said. The Fifth Executive Knight- [Ruthless Knight] nodded as if he was agreeing with it. Beside them, the other three executive knights who were also in majestic magic armor and covered by all kinds of warrior powers maintained their silence. They looked at each other through their masks but didn’t react.



On the VIP zone, some people had discovered that the six executive knights were somehow sending out a strange vibe. The six of the knights didn’t sit close to each other. They seemed to be divided into two smaller groups!



“So the ten executive knights aren’t as united as people think!” Some people thought. The sunlight got hotter and hotter and there were only three minutes away from exactly noon. Some people already started to think that the king of Chambord was too scared to show up. But at this moment.



A series of thunder-like clip-clopping noises sounded. The gate of St. Petersburg opened, and a group of cavalry knights charged out. In fact, there were so many of them that they looked like a huge dark cloud together. Different from the noble families before, these cavalry soldiers were only riding on normal horses. However, they were so in tune that they appeared more majestic and holy. In a few seconds, they had arrived by the stage.



Chapter 230: The Wait (Part Two)



“Cavalry knights from the Holy Church.”



“What is happening? Why is the Holy Church interested in this fight?”



“Who came? It couldn’t be Bishop himself, could it?”



It was the people on the VIP zone’s turn to be surprised; even the six executive knights had senses of surprise flashing through their eyes. This was a simple duel, but it was still understandable for the executive knights to show up since one of their peers was in the duel. However, it was quite unexpected for the high-level people in the Holy Church to show up.



After these knights arrived, the stage got even more silent.

Under the stares, the simple yet noble black magic carriage stopped by the Sword-Testing Stage. There were no more movements; no one walked out of the carriage, and everything just seemed so strange and bizarre.



Finally, it was about noon. The time for the duel was about to arrive.

Suddenly, a dash of silver light came from the direction of St. Petersburg.

In everyone’s surprise, it passed by the stage. In a blink of an eye, the light turned into a light figure in a white robe.



The man slowly landed on the stage, and everyone was able to get a good look at him. He had a feather fan glided with gold in one hand and a fancy golden wine cup in the other. With his black hair fluttering in the wind and a golden magic leather bag on his waist, he looked extremely fly. He was standing on the stage while fanning himself; he didn’t look like he was affected by the Bloodthirst Knight at all.



“It’s time for the duel, and the count down begins. If the King of Chambord doesn’t show up in ten seconds, it would be treated as he is afraid, and he would lose!”



After chugging down the wine, the figure in white announced.



When he was talking, he didn’t shout nor using any magic items. However, his voice somehow covered the chatting noises created by the tens thousands of people and clearly passed into everyone’s ear. It felt like this man was speaking into their ears clearly, and his voice was so magical that everyone couldn’t help but to listen carefully.



This man was the number one Travelling Poet of Zenit – Matt Razi. This man was very mysterious. He travelled around the continent and lived a playful lifestyle. He was very strong, but he never displayed his strength to others. In fact, no one doubted it since this poet who loved gold, swearing, and spotting out geniuses was a great friend with Emperor Yasin. He also had great relationship with the man on the Martial Saint Mountain.



According to the tradition, people could invite a famous traveling poet to the duel to be the judge. The shocking duel between two six star warriors was the best duel people could see in years, and people weren’t that surprised to see this mysterious and famous traveling poet Matt Razi’s appearance. The crowd was hyped up and stimulated.



“Ten…… nine…… eight…… seven……”



Matt Razi kept on chugging the wine, but his voice somehow sounded clearly without using his mouth; it was as clear as a bell ring.



“Five…… four…… three…… two……”



As the man was going to say the word “one”, a loud thunder-like rumbling noises sounded from afar and was traveling towards the stage rapidly.



“He is here……King of Chambord is appearing!”



“Here he comes……”

“Damn! He is really brave enough to take on this challenge!!”



The shocking appearance made almost everyone around the stage stand up and look for the cause of this noise. They couldn’t spot anything, but they sensed a force so great that made them have a hard time standing up straight. Many people staggered and fell as a great force passed by them from the above.



The sensation the King of Chambord was giving off wasn’t any less the Seventh Executive Knight! It was below almost everyone’s expectation!



“Humph!”



A cold sneer overtook the surprised noise made by the crowd. On the red figure on the stage lightly shook his shoulders.



Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!



The air-piercing noises sounded as four dash of sword energy shot towards the sources of that pressure mercilessly; these four dashes of sword energies were so powerful that the sky turned to red.

A figure finally showed itself in the air.



The figure blinked as it tried to dodge the four murderous strikes. This figure was so smooth that it would dodge the attack at the last possible second before getting struck. Theoretically, it was impossible for a human to change the direction in the air with using any outside help, but this man just did it easily.

After a series of afterimage was left in the air, a man stood straight on the stage.



“One……”



At the same time, the last syllable came out of Matt Razi’s mouth. At this last possible second, the other party in the duel, King Alexander finally appeared!



The king of Chambord got on stage before the count down.



The duel was still in effect.



* * *





Chapter 231




Chapter 231

Chapter 231: This Powerful Already (Part One)

Whoosh – !

After seeing his opponent’s appearance, the Bloodthirst Knight still didn’t say anything. However, two dashes of red sword energy shot out from the mass of warrior energy that was surrounding him. Like two lightning bolts, they cut through the air and flew towards Fei.

“This is the “Bloodthirst Sword Energy”, Kelud’s combat technique. I have to warn everyone that you shouldn’t try to block it if you are not at least a five-star warrior.” Matt Razi’s voice sounded in everyone’s ears. His tone was calm, and he was doing his usual casting job.

At the same time.

As if he didn’t sense the danger, Fei didn’t move at all. The sharp wind created by the two sword energy cut off a few of his black hair, and the crowd gasped. However, he suddenly reached out and grabbed onto the two bolts of sword energy! In the next second, the two sword energies turned into bloody mists and disappeared.

“Good. Breaking the energy with his bare hands. The King of Chambord’s strength is impressive as well!”

Matt Razi squinted his eyes as he saw this. But this expression disappeared right away as he clearly commentated on the battle so more than ten thousand people in the crowd could understand what was happening.

Shish!

The air-piercing sounds didn’t stop.

After seeing his initial attacks didn’t work, Kelud’s face was still very calm. With his red bloody Warrior Energy around him, he waved his hands and several sword energy bolts that were even stronger than the two before appeared and dashed towards Fei. Like rain in a storm, these sword energies surrounded Fei, and the entire stage was turned to red as if it was a sea of blood.

Fei wasn’t scared. He stepped forward rather than backing off.

With his hands at his back, he looked at the bloody sword energies that were dashing towards him with a cold expression on his face.

Tink! Tink! Tink!

Sparks flew everywhere, and it sounded like numerous weapons collided with each other.

Waves of gasps sounded around the stage but when the sword energies were about to hit Fei, a layer of a crystal-like shield appeared in front of Fei. Although it was really thin, it was really firm. All of the bloody sword energy was turned into bloody mists and soon disappeared as they collided with it!

At the same time, a few sword energy bolts slid by Fei and dashed towards the outside of the stage.

“Shit! Save me!”

“Ahahah……. Help! Save me……”

The people who were watching the battle got frightened as they saw the powerful sword energies dashing towards them. Their faces paled since they were weak and weren’t as powerful as Fei. If their bodies were hit by these energy bolts, they would die instantly.

A section of the crowd became chaotic.

At this moment, something occurred.

Every stone that made the First Sword-Testing Stage lit up with a sky-blue light shining within. Then, a powerful magic surged as these lights merged like rivers going into the sea. These lights raised into the sky and made a half-spherical semi-transparent shell that covered the stage. It blocked all the sword energy, and no one in the crowd got injured.

Magic Barrier!

This was the Seven Star Water Magic Barrier – [Heavenly Water Screen] that was set up here by the Royal Mage Capdevila.

This Magic Barrier was a very famous Water Magic spell that offered a lot of protection. With this here, the residual power and forces from the two warriors would be kept inside, and the people in the crowd wouldn’t be harmed. At the same time, the stage would be protected as well.

After seeing this, the crowd c

almed down and sat back down.

On the stage.

After both initiations failed, Kelud frowned as a murderous light appeared in his eyes.

He finally made a move, he also took one step forward.

With his bloody warrior energy around him, his body suddenly flashed through 30 meters and appeared at a spot that was 3 meters away from Fei. The bloody warrior energy filled the space around them……

Kelud clenched his fist and punched out.

Boom!

It was loud like thunder.



Chapter 231: This Powerful Already (Part Two)

All of the bloody warrior energy was pulled by this punch. Together with this fist, the energy rushed toward Fei liked a tsunami. The huge force created a ton of wind, and Fei’s black hair and dark red cape fluttered. Both his long black hair and cape were at a right angle to his body.

When faced with this huge devastating strike, Fei’s response was simple.

He stepped out.

He punched out.

Although this punch wasn’t as fancy as Kelud’s where he pulled in all the red warrior energy around, it had a pure crystal like force around it. Boom! Like a hot knife piercing into butter, the redness in front of Fei exploded and shattered.

Bam!

The two fists collided with each other.

At that moment, time and space seemed have taken a pause. Nothing explosive or magical that the crowd thought would occur didn’t occur. Everything was so calm that it looked like nothing happened.

The two fists were right on each other.

There was no surge of power.

As everyone was surprised, something occurred.

Waves of lights were sent out like someone dropped a rock into a calm lake. Clear lights mixed with redness struck onto the stage and the magic barrier round after round, and the magic barrier lit up even more as if it was trying its best to hold this force in it. As the magic barrier got bluer, the lights shone even brighter! Half of the sky was lit up, and the crowd heard a sound of water flowing.

The explosive force that everyone was waiting for appeared.

Although they knew they were being protected by the level 7 magic barrier and the force on the stage won’t get to them, the people in the crowd still started sweating and shouting out in fear.

On the stage –

The red figure flashed and returned to where he was standing before.

As the red energy and dust settled, both parties were standing at their initial spots without any wounds on their bodies. Kelud still had the red warrior energy surrounding him, and Fei was still standing there with hands behind his back and his cape fluttering in the wind. From the look of it, nothing changed.

“What happened? Who won…….”

The crowd was confused to what happened after that one impressive encounter. They were all quiet and were waiting for an explanation.

Most of the people here were one or two-star warriors; they were weak and didn’t have much understanding of power. For them, they didn’t catch what happened after the explosion, and they couldn’t tell exactly who had the upper hand.

In the VIP area –

“Hehe, this King Alexander is interesting. He didn’t show any signs of weakness when facing the Seventh Executive Knight. I’m not sure how long he can last in this duel. Eh…… A man like this is worthy enough for our Dean Family to take in……” The future leader of Dean Family took off his eagle mask and thought.

Not too far from him, Beyoncé of the Beag Family did show anything on her cold and elegant face, but the leader of Beag Family patted his thighs and shouted, “Nice!”. People around him looked at him and thought: “Who exactly is he rooting for?”

“In this first round…… King of Chambord and the Bloodthirst Knight are evenly matched!”

Matt Razi’s voice sounded again. The crowd finally heard the person who they wanted to hear from, and no one doubted his comments. This strange and mysterious man who loved gold and wine had judged more than a hundred duels like this and never made a single mistake.

A lot of people were surprised.

They didn’t expect that the King of Chambord could actually hold up against Kelud who had such a vicious name.

Although the news that the King of Chambord defeated the Tenth Executive Knight Chris-Sutton at Dual-Tower Mountains were passed around the campsites, some people still didn’t believe it. Also, the Tenth Executive Knight was young and had just gotten promoted. He had limited experience, and wasn’t a six-star warrior yet. However, Kelud on the other hand was a warrior from the generation before Fei, and he had been a six-star warrior for a long time. His name was known around the empire, and he had been through numerous battles …… after comparing, most people bet on Kelud to win.

And to a lot of people, Kelud would win this duel easily.

The only thing that they weren’t sure about was how many rounds this young king can go with Kelud.

This was the question that almost everyone wanted to know.

However, Matt Razi who had never made an error before said the young king of Chambord matched up to Kelud in the first round…… “Could the King of Chambord be this powerful already?” This was the only question on people’s mind.



* * *





Chapter 232




Chapter 232

Chapter 232: One Strike to Determine the Win (Part One)

On the stage.

“Not bad, not bad. You are worthy of my time, King of Chambord. Your strength didn’t disappoint me.” The Bloodthirst Knight who was covered in blood energy nodded as a strange light flashed through his eyes.

Fei loosened the tie on the cape, and his cape flew into the sky like a red cloud. He then stretched his neck and laughed, “Thanks for your compliment. But if this is all you got, you have disappointed me big time, Mr. Executive Knight.”

Although they didn’t speak loudly, their conversation was still clearly sent into the crowds’ ear via the special magic devices.

“Humph, how dare you!” The Second Executive Knight sneered.

“He is tired of living!” Both the Fourth and Fifth Executive Knight also got mad.

Although the ten Executive Knight weren’t on the same page, if someone looked down on one of them, it was equivalent to looking down on all of them. Since these three Executive Knights weren’t friendly towards Fei in the beginning, they became even more furious.

The Third, Sixth and Eighth Executive Knights looked at each other and shook their head helplessly. “It is hard to actually like a man like this king.” They thought.

After the crowd hear this, they got very noisy.

Since the establishment of Zenit, Fei wasn’t the first one who said this out loud. However, all the other people were thrown into the prison, and no one had ever walked out of the prison of the Imperial Knight Palace alive. This time, the King of Chambord challenged the dignity of the executive knights.

In the VIP area.

The expression on the mage genius Dean Kazola became very interesting.

On the other side, Beag Beyonce’s cold expression cracked as a confirming smiled appeared. It looked like a little girl found her favorite toy.

……

“AH? It’s him! He is the king of Chambord?”

About 500 meters to the south of the stage, the young king of Byzantine was so excited that his face turned red. When the two were fighting, he wasn’t able to see their faces clearly. Now after they stopped, the young king couldn’t believe what he was seeing. The one who saved his fiancée from the Blood-edge Mercenary Group and increased his strength was the super powerful warrior King of Chambord who was recently getting a lot of fame.

The young king was shocked and overjoyed to have found this out.

“So the king of Chambord is just as young as me.” After seeing the disdainful looks from the surrounding people, he stopped screaming and sat back down. However, he pondered to himself, “I heard that after the king of Chambord inherited the throne, the key ministers of the kingdom had seized most of the power. He had to play dumb to fool everyone, and he eliminated all of his enemies after he became strong enough. Our fates are so similar…… King of Chambord, he is like my idol that the gods made for me, and my teacher. I shouldn’t be depressed and give up, I have to be like him and regain control of my kingdom!”

Soon, the crowd around the stage got really quiet. Among these people, some of them were excited, some of them were shocked, some of them were planning the next step, and some of them were closing their eyes to feel the residual power in the air to improve their understanding…… however, none of them noticed a weak king of a weak affiliated kingdom had set his life goal. This was the moment that a terrifying king made his first transformation.

……

On the stage.

A sense of anger flashed through the red eyes of Kelud. It then disappeared as he shook his head, “You are a good talker, but that won&

rsquo;t help you. If you want to use that to disturb my mentality, you don’t need to worry. King of Chambord, you will know the difference between us soon.”

As soon as he finished, he moved.

His bloody warrior energy surged and covered the entire stage. As if the blood mist covered the area like a sea, both of their figures completely disappeared into it; no one was able to tell where they were.

“Wow, it is one of Kelud’s Key Power Moves – [Cloud Piercing Blood Sea]. The red bloody warrior energy mixed with his murderous spirit forms a force field within which the opponents’ spirit will be crushed. This is a blow to one’s mentality. For people who weren’t as stable and firm on their beliefs, their soul might be even crushed……”



Chapter 232: One Strike to Determine the Win (Part Two)

Matt Razi was also in this “blood sea”, but he didn’t seem to be affected at all. His voice still sounded in everyone’s ear. He had a ton of knowledge, and he analyzed and explained the situation to everyone clearly.

“Ohoh, something unexpected happened. The King of Chambord isn’t affected at all; it seems like the blood mist can’t get close to him at all. A circular area with a three meter radius around him is clear from this attack.”

“Kelud moved. Like a phantom he is able to move freely in here, and can’t be caught……”

“A dying man’s cry sounded from within the blood sea. Kelud’s red blood sword energies hid in the sea and attacked from various angles…… it is hard to defend agains-…… Oh, it WAs crushed. The red sword energies finally shattered the transparent power shield around the King of Chambord……”

“The King of Chambord is facing a ton of danger……”

“What? Unbelievable! He opened his eyes…… the King of Chambord, who had his eyes closed, finally opened them…… God, what am I seeing? He crushed all the sword energies with one of his hands. Are his hands made from metal?”

“The King of Chambord moved…… the huge transparent fist mark…… it crushed the blood mist sea……”

The thick blood mist covered the stage, and only a few master warriors were able to see what was going on. However, Matt Razi’s words let everyone, who wasn’t able to see the battle, picture what was going on; the images were drawn out in everyone’s mind.

As Matt Razi finished speaking, the mist on the stage slowly dispersed.

Now, without the man’s comments, even the weakest warriors there knew that the King of Chambord easily beat Kelud’s famous technique!

“HOW?”

Kelud was shocked. Before this battle, there were also other warriors who broke this technique before; however, those people were much more powerful than he was, and those people were very experienced fighters. And even those people didn’t break it as fast as this king.

“Nothing is impossible. If you know what I’ve been through, you will know that this level of bloodiness to me is nothing.”

In the Diablo World, Fei had experienced a lot of killing and massacre. What he had been through could be described as a living hell. Just in the map of Rogue Encampment alone, places like the moor and the graveyards were full of much more terrifying and horrible scenes that one couldn’t even imagine – numerous people who were tortured by demons and monsters to death, and their broken remains were everywhere. Fei also went through those places and killed numerous demons. After experiencing those, Kelud’s [Cloud Piercing Blood Sea] couldn’t shake Fei at all.

“My patience is coming to an end. Mr. Executive Knight, if you don’t have anything else up your sleeves, this battle is about to be over!”

An impatient expression appeared on Fei’s face.

The reason Fei accepted this battle was to get more experience facing master warriors in order to improve the techniques that he created. However, the pressure Kelud brought to Fei was even less than the Golden Sun Knight back at the Dual-Tower Mountains. Fei was seriously disappointed.

After hearing the repeated mocking from his opponent, the Bloodthirst Knight got really upset.

“You rotten dog….. ok, great! You successfully made me mad!” Anger burned in the red eyes as Kelud said, “I wanted to leave you alive, but you have to die now!”

Tink!

A crisp yet violent sword cry sounded.

Kelud flipped his wrist and grabbed onto a huge strange sword with saw teeth lining the edges; it looked like a huge chainsaw. A strange red light flashed on its body, and a nose-piercing smell also came from it. As soon as the crowd saw the weapon, they almost saw thousands of prisoners begging for their lives.

It was obvious that this knight had an item similar to a space storage ring, and this sword was in there before.

Fei smiled.

Things were getting a little bit more interesting.

“This is the Executive Sword that belonged to the Seventh Executive Knight, and its name is [Desire for Blood]. According to legend, it can communicate with the hell. It is the sword that was gifted to the Imperial Knight Palace by Emperor Yassin when he established the kingdom. Haha, the real battle is about to begin…. Are you ready?”

Matt Razi’s excited voice sounded in everyone’s ear.

Fei also moved his body.

He didn’t summon his swords that belonged to the Set Items [Bul-Kathos]. Instead, he waved his hands in the air, and a pair of light metal gloves appeared on his hands. Dense metal scales and vicious back hooks added to the menacing look of the gloves, and the strange and complicated design for the knuckles displayed its impressiveness.

It was the level 6 Crafted Item from the Diablo World – [Death’s Disguise].

“We shall settle this with one strike. Get ready, Mr. Executive Knight.



* * *





Chapter 233




Chapter 233

Chapter 233: Sky Frost Fist – Covering the Sky (Part One)

Woosh!

The huge chainsaw-like sword that was now floating in front of Kelud seemed to be dragged by an invisible force; it started to spin rapidly as its teeth tore through the air. The high-pitched scream of the sword made tens of thousands of people in the crowd cover their ears as if an unknown beast had just roared.

Something strange occurred.

Like a whale that sucked away the water, all the blood mist and energy around the stage were all sucked to the blade, and the blade was covered by a layer of red flames. These flames looked bloody as if even space itself was about to be burned.

“As you wish. I will wipe your existence out of this world with this one strike. I will let those people who dare to challenge the Executive Knights to know what they would be getting into! Advanced Combat Technique – [Hell’s Ode to Blood]!”

Kelud suddenly grabbed onto the handle of the sword, and all the bloody flames instantly covered the knight as well if he had oil on his body. A red light flashed as Kelud stomped the ground and dashed towards Fei. Although the ground of the stage was protected by the magic array, spider-web like cracks appeared in the area where he was standing.

The knight’s body surpassed the limit of space and time as he instantly appeared above Fei and chopped down onto Fei’s head. A huge red sword that was made from warrior energy covered the blade, and a ton of mysterious patterns was covering it.

After seeing this, Fei’s expression became a little more serious.

This sword was made from pure warrior energy, and it had emitted an immense pressure. Although the body of the sword looked vague, it had magic arrays on it already. Upon a closer look, Fei already sensed a bit of the rule of nature in it …… this advanced technique was impressive; it was far more powerful than the Golden Sun Knight’s Gold Lance Tsunami Strike.

“Haha, not bad!”

As Fei laughed, his long black hair fluttered in the wind as he stomped on the ground as well. The power of a level 40 Barbarian exploded as his body shot out like a bullet. He punched out more than fifty times in the blink of an eye, and that lightning-like speed was beyond a regular people’s sensing ability. To them, it felt like Fei punched out fifty times spontaneously as if he had fifty fists.

The fifty fist marks seemed to combine together in the air, and every single pore and vein was visible on this huge transparent fist mark.

This fist mark looked spectacular.

The fist mark was about the size 10 meters from the index knuckle to the pinky knuckle. The simple fist shape gave people the feeling that this fist grabbed onto the essence of a punch. It looked like it could turn into hundreds of thousands of variations in a second.

“Sky Frost Fist – Covering the Sky”

Fei shouted as this fist mark flew across the sky like the will of a god.

At that moment, a scene appeared that no one witnessing this couldn’t forget in their lifetime.

The transparent fist mark flew in the air like it was about to create a hole in the space.

The red sword chopped forward like it was about to divide the world in half.

This moment finally came.

At the First Sword-Testing Stage, in the campsite, outside of St. Petersburg, under the Moro Mountains, everyone held their breath as they witnessed the clash between the lively fist mark and the red sword that was more than a hundred meters long.

Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom!

A series of explosion sounded like a continuous thunder.

An eye-piercing white-light appeared in the very center, and invisible energy waves were sent into the surrounding like a nuclear bomb. These energies smashed into the m

agic barrier waves after waves, and the protective shield made by magic powers shivered. Dust and cracks appeared on the stage as if it was about to collapse anytime.

This was the most intense collision since the beginning of the battle.

This was also the collision that would determine the outcome of the battle.

Everyone was watching.

Everyone was nervous as their muscles tensed up.

Everyone didn’t know what was about to happen next.

There was only the sound of explosion that could be heard in the entire world

Everyone’s heart seemed to stop bumping.

Crack!

A light crackling noise was heard.

Although it was very quiet, it sounded louder than a huge bell to the crowd. It knocked on everyone’s mind as they all stood up and stared at the stage that was fifty meters tall with full concentration; their breathing stopped, and their minds went completely blank…… For that moment, it seemed like time around the stage froze.



Chapter 233: Sky Frost Fist – Covering the Sky (Part Two)

Soon, everyone knew where the crack came from.

The result of the collision was clearly displayed in front of everyone –

In the air, the huge red sword with magic arrays on it had a thin white crack on it; that was where the fist mark struck it. Then, like it was slow-motion, the crack started to expand to other places like a spider-web…… until finally the entire sword was cracked.

Bam!

As a muffled noise sounded, the huge red sword collapsed into numerous pieces.

It broke!

Kelud lost!

The Bloodthirst Knight who almost everyone thought would win lost!

After breaking the sword, the huge transparent fist mark still had a ton of forces. It went up in the air and struck Kelud who was still in the air and couldn’t dodge instantly.

The huge transparent fist mark covered the Seventh Executive Knight inside of it.

A huge blood mist appeared in the sky as if there was a red cloud.

Bam!

A figure that was covered in blood flew back and smashed into the sky-blue colored magic barrier that was at the edge of the stage. Kelud was forced to take on the remaining power of Sky Frost Fist, and blood shot out of his wounds like fountains. Severe visible injuries appeared on his body, and his limbs broke so much that his white bones could be seen by the crowd!

Lost!

The Seventh Executive Knight whose name deterred 250 affiliated kingdoms for more than 20 years lost completely. The man that could be considered one of the top warriors was destroyed in a crushing manner!

Bam!

As if all his life energy left his body, Kelud’s body fell to the ground after smashing into the wall-like magic barrier. Blood stained the stage and flowed in the cracks between the stones like a river……

“The duel is over…… the Winner is King Alexander from Chambord!” Matt Razi’s voice soon sounded in everyone’s ear, and this announcement made everyone feel like they are dreaming; it didn’t feel real at all.

At the same time, the flashing magic barrier also disappeared.

Everything under the sky was quiet.

A long lasting silence.

“How dare you hit him so harshly?”

An angry shout shouted as three figure dashed onto the stage from the VIP area. Everyone felt like their eyes blurred, and three powerful figures were already standing on the stage. They surrounded Fei, and the Second Executive Knight said with anger flashing in his murderous eyes, “How dare you? You only need to win in the duel, but you attacked to kill. King of Chambord, do you really think that the Imperial Knight Palace couldn’t fix you?”

“Arrest him, and throw him into the prison.” The Fourth and Fifth Executive Knight said as their warrior energy started to surge around them. The way they looked at Fei reminded the crowd of police looking at a criminal.

It suddenly got noisy around the stage.

Loud chatter and murmurs sounded around the stage like waves in the ocean. Many people didn’t expect this to happen after the duel. The fact that the Executive Knights were doing this to the winner of the duel screamed corruption. It was obvious that they were using this as an excuse to deal with Fei for personal matters. Booing noises sounded from around the stage soon after.

“Humph.” The Second Executive Knight sneered, and the air around the stage got cold. The people who were making noises instantly quieted down.

Although they weren’t happy about this, no one dared to challenge these knights. Most of them were from affiliated kingdoms, and they were used to obeying the orders from the Imperial Knight Palace. Even the people who were from noble families and wanted to recruit Fei into their group decided to wait and watch for now!

“Surrender!” The Fourth Executive Knight reached for Fei’s chest.

“You want to die?” Fei sneered, he wasn’t afraid at all. He punched out, and the Executive Knight also punched out. In a second, their fists met numerous time, and the Fourth Executive Knight was knocked back for several steps as his face paled. He breathed heavily as he couldn’t believe he lost that.

The noises around the stage sounded again.

Some younger and braver people were already cheering Fei on; the ruthless behaviors of the Executive Knights were making these people mad.

“Stop!”

Another shout sounded as three more figures appeared. The Third, Sixth, and Eighth Executive Knight appeared on the stage and blocked the other three knights.

“It is normal for people to overuse their power in duels, you don’t have to get so upset over this.” The Third Executive Knight was actually on Fei’s side.

“Humph, I won’t change my decisions. How dare this reckless man injure an Executive Knight of the empire? He should be punished.” The Second Executive Knight didn’t bother to change his stance.



* * *





Chapter 234




Chapter 234

Chapter 234: Let Me Handle This (Part One)

The Third Executive Knight’s face changed color.

The meaning of the Second Executive Knight’s action was very clear; he wanted to destroy this new rising star.

But since when did Fei offend the Second Executive Knight?

Could it because of Golden Sun Knight’s defeat? It didn’t seem plausible. Maybe other people didn’t know, but the Third Executive Knight knew that the two weren’t that close. After all, Sutton was still an arrogant young man who had just became an Executive Knight. It was not possible that the Second Executive Knight was looking to take revenge for Sutton.

Then, there was the question!

There did the feud lie?

The Third Executive Knight couldn’t figure it out.

But he knew that he had to save this young king.

It was just because he liked this young man.

The situation of the empire needed him to.

The under currents of the empire were getting more and more complicated. As Emperor Yassin was getting older and older, the fight for the throne between the princes became more and more aggressive. All the noble families and ministers were using their best judgment to support one of the princes to get more resources for them in the future. On top of the internal matter, the enemy of Zenit – the Spartak Empire had stacked their troops at the border and was ready to give Zenit a blow.

At this chaotic time, a new six-star young warrior could help the situation a lot.

The King of Chambord was very young, he was only eighteen. A six-star warrior who was only eighteen was much more important than any other six-star warrior.

With this level of talent and improvement speed, the Third Executive Knight was almost certain that this young king could break through the threshold of the star-class and become the youngest moon-class elite in the empire.

The Imperial Knight Palace noticed Fei as soon as he defeated Sutton on the Dual-Tower Mountains. The Third Executive Knight and a few other knights who had similar vision watched Fei closely and after they saw the result of this duel, they were more certain on the idea of cultivating the young king.

That was why despite the fact that he was facing the Second Executive Knight who had a higher rank than him, he was stilling trying to help the young king by reasoning his way out.

“It is common for injuries to occur during duels. In my opinion, the King of Chambord has done no faults. We should quickly help the Seventh Executive Knight heal up……” The Third Executive Knight said as he slowly moved in front of Fei to block the Second Executive Knight’s path.

“Humph, the Third Executive Knight, are you sure you want to go against me?”

The Second Executive Knight sneered. He didn’t say anything more, but his surging warrior energy was getting stronger and stronger; like a wave, he was trying to push the Third Executive Knight away. As the Second Executive Knight moved, the Forth and the Fifth Executive Knight also released their warrior energy. Like a huge mountain, their combined energy made the First Sword-Testing Stage that lost the protection from the magic barrier shiver; it felt like the stage was about to collapse.

“You……” The Third Executive Knight’s expression became gloomy.

Behind him, the Sixth and the Eighth Executive Knight also stepped forward and stood shoulder to shoulder with the Third Executive Knight. Together, the three of them also released their warrior energy. The invisible forces collided in the air viciously, and the colorful warrior powers lit up more and more on their body as the light colored half of the sky.

The crowd looked at each other as they didn’t know what was happening.

No one expecte

d the duel would come to this stage. The six Executive Knights who came here to witness the duel self-divided into two group and confronted each other. From the looks of it, they might start fighting very soon.

“Quick…… back off!”

“Shiz, the Executive Knights are about to fight. Without the magic barrier, who can protect us? Any residual power will kill us all!”

“Oh my god, how did things turn out this way?”

The tens of thousands of people watching this trembled. Like dogs who saw a dragon, they were shocked by the power that was being emitted; people who were closer to the stage felt weak in their legs and collapsed onto the ground.



Chapter 234: Let Me Handle This (Part Two)

The people who could still move quickly started to rush away.

Even the noble figures in the VIP area were quickly moving out of the area under the protection of guards. If the six Executive Knights actually started to battle, their area would be affected first with the magic barrier’s protection.

The only group of people who didn’t move were the people in the magic carriages from the Holy Church and the cavaliers guarding it; they were silent and didn’t get anxious at all.

“Haha, great! I didn’t expect to see another team fight following the duel!”

The number one traveling poet in the empire Matt Razi was excited to see this. He drank from his wine cup as he fanned himself. With wine on his beard, he watched everything up close as if he didn’t feel the devastating forces from the six Executive Knights.

Buzz…

A loud buzzing noise sounded, and the sky-blue colored magic barrier appeared again!

Now, the terrified crowd finally stopped moving and turned back their heads.

They looked back at the stage with craze in their eyes. If the six Executive Knights actually started fighting, it would be an insane battle. To them, this would be the opportunity of the lifetime to witness the fight that would be documented in history up close.

……

“How are you? Don’t push me!” The Second Executive Knight had a violent and mad expression on his face. Although his face was covered by his mask, his eyes showed his emotions.

“Hehe, you three. Don’t forget that you are no match to us!” The Fourth Executive Knight sneered at three of his peers in provocation.

“You can’t be sure unless we test that.”

After thinking everything through, the Third Executive Knight didn’t have the confused and angry look on his face anymore. He calmed down and didn’t change his stance. Beside him, the other two Executive Knights also didn’t change.

“Last warning, I don’t want to fight you, so don’t push me…… otherwise, the fame and honor of Imperial Knight Palace would be stained by you three!”

The Second Executive Knight said as he slowly clenched his fist and unleashed his fire element warrior energy to the max.

The Third Executive Knight didn’t move. With a mocking smile, he said, “Maybe the honor of the palace would be stained, but the ones who stained it won’t be us!”

They were going at each other head-on.

The battle could start at any second.

At this moment –

“Cough…… can I say something?”

Fei who was silent coughed and drew everyone’s attention at this moment. After he saw everyone looking at him, he slowly walked up as he rubbed his chins. Then, he patted the Third Executive Knight’s shoulder like an old friend as he said with a smile, “Mr. Executive Knight, you are drawing attention from me……”

The Third Executive Knight looked at Fei with a confused expression.

“Oh? Don’t know what I mean? …… The Executive Knights of the empire fighting to the death in front of all affiliated kingdoms aren’t something good for the empire. Therefore, bro, just let me handle this!”

After hearing this, everyone was shocked.

“Are you sure?” The Third Executive Knight woke up from the shock and asked with an earnest expression.

“Of course!”

Fei said as he walked up and faced the three other Executive Knights. His expression was so calm that everyone admired him for his courage.

“You……”

After seeing the young king ignoring their efforts, the Sixth and Eighth Executive Knight sighed anxiously. The Third Executive Knight shook his head and brought the two Executive Knights to the edge of the stage. They were just going to watch the king of Chambord handle this on his own.

“Ok, so you are willing to go to prison?” The Second Executive Knight signed in relief. He didn’t really see this eighteen years old boy as a threat. Although this boy defeated the Seventh Executive Knight, it didn’t mean that the young king could escape from him and the other Executive Knights who were on his side.

“Fuck you, dumbass!”

Fei shouted as he suddenly punched out.



* * *





Chapter 235




Chapter 235

Chapter 235: The Name of King of Chambord (Part One)

No one expected the King of Chambord to start attacking.

With a shocking force in his shout, the most terrifying memories within these three Executive Knights’ minds were awakened. This unreasonable and unforeseeable fear instantly filled their consciousnesses. Because of it, all three Executive Knights froze at this critical moment.

During the battle with the high-level warriors, one second could determine the outcome of many things.

The attacker’s initiative for example.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

Three loud explosions sounded and almost broke the eardrums of people in the crowd. With a blank expression, more than tens of thousands of people watched the Second, Fourth, and Fifth Executive Knight getting knocked away by Fei’s punches like cannon balls.

“How …… how dare you?”

As soon as the Second Executive Knight landed on the ground 30 meters away, an angry and shocking expression appeared on his face. He didn’t expect the King of Chambord who was like a sheep in his eye to attack him like a maniac.

“Kill him!”

The Fourth Executive Knight shouted angrily with a visible deep fist mark on his chest armor. He dashed back towards Fei even faster as his green warrior energy lit up around him. Without any mercy, it looked like this man was trying to kill Fei with this one strike.

“Haha, you guys are funny. Why can’t I attack? Yuck! You three idiots, since you want to break the rules of the duel and frame me, then I will beat your arrogant faces up so you won’t dare to show yourselves in front of me ever again!”

Fei laughed and, as if his voice was filled with magical power, all the people in the crowd felt their blood start boiling. In the center of the spotlight, Fei took a step forward in the face of the three strong enemies, and his long black hair fluttered in the wind.

As soon as he stepped on the ground, a loud explosion sounded as if a huge mountain fell onto the stage. The entire stage that was 50 meters high started to shake, and the level 40 Barbarian’s force was completely unleashed. The pure release of physical force made the atmosphere ten meters around him very dense, and various colored lights appeared on his body as a complete set of armor appeared. With the ancient and magical sensation surging on the armor, Fei’s strength went up another level.

A huge phantom that was more than 100 meters tall appeared behind Fei like a totem.

This figure looked very vague, but from the rough edges, people could tell that this was a huge muscular golden figure who had a full-on beard. Like a pillar that separated the land and the sky, the figure stood quietly behind Fei. However, it released a tiny bit of its power, and this power was enough to block out the light like an ancient Barbarian Lord.

“Sky Frost Fist …… Covering the Sky!”

A huge transparent crystal-like fist mark thrusted out and collided with the Fourth Executive Knight who was coming at Fei. After the fist mark and the man paused in the air for a split second, a loud noise sounded as shock waves were sent in all directions. Although the fist mark cracked, the Fourth Executive Knight also lost balance as he flew back like lightning as blood spurted out of his mouth.

He had injured the Fourth Executive Knight with just one strike.

“This is the real strength of the King of Chambord?” People thought.

At the same time.

Second Executive Knight and Fifth Executive Knight were already dashing towards Fei with magnificent momentum like two beasts covered in vicious armor.

The Second Executive Knight’s body was upside-down as he struck downwards from the sky with fire element warrior energy around his

palms.

The Fifth Executive Knight simply kicked at Fei forcefully.

At this critical moment, Fei didn’t have the time to consolidate the crystal fist mark. However, without a change on his face, he punched out. One of his fists smashed into the Second Executive Knight’s palm while the other one collided with the Fifth Executive Knight’s feet…..

Boom! Boom!

The huge noise made some people in the crowd start bleeding from their ears, as waves of devastating forces were passed through Fei’s arms continuously.

For that moment, even the Moro Mountains seemed to be shaking.

After another round of loud noises, the stone floor under Fei’s feet cracked even with the protection of the magic barrier. Everything under Fei’s knees was driven into the ground, and dust and chipped stones flew into the air and blocked everyone’s vision.

Three powerful forces that were beyond the crowds’ imagination were colliding and eating at each other ferociously.



Chapter 235: The Name of King of Chambord (Part Two)

Various colored warrior energy shot in all direction like fireworks exploding in the magic barrier.

In the short moment, all three of them seemed to achieve an equilibrium.

At this moment, a figure suddenly dashed into the dust like a phantom, and his sword lightly whistled as it dashed towards Fei’s heart with a sword energy shooting out of sword even faster.

It was the Fourth Executive Knight who rejoined the battle.

The defeat of that one encounter shamed him, and he was in a frenzied state. All he wanted to do now was to put a huge hole in Fei’s body while he was busy dealing with the other two Executive Knights.

“Fuck off!”

At this moment, Fei roared as another set of forces exploded from his body. He forced the Second and Fifth Executive Knight off of him. Although Fei’s body sunk into the ground more because of the impulse, he suddenly tilted his body and dodged this attack as he stared at the Fourth Executive Knight closely. Although he survived the attack, the sharp sword energy wounded his shoulder, and blood spurted out of it.

However, thanks to his level 6 Unique Items from the Diablo World and his Barbarian Passive Skill that increased his defense, this level of injury posed minimal effect on him.

All of this was under Fei’s calculation.

Then –

“Roar – !!”

[Battle Cry] that belonged to Barbarians revealed itself to the world.

This terrifying shout deceased enemies’ defense ability and damage.

Under this shout, the Fourth Executive Knight, who was feeling unlucky that his sneak attack missed and was about to reorganize himself for another attack, suddenly felt like he was under the envelopment of a strange force. As if something on him was slowly rotting away, his body stiffened a little subconsciously.

Then, he witnessed how the King of Chambord’s fists smashed right into his chest!

“Puff – !”

A mouthful of blood spurted out of his mouth as if his mouth was shooting out a bloody arrow.

Without any doubt, his body that was in the heavy armor flew back like a metal ball, and two deep fist marks were clearly imprinted on the front of his chest. After he fell onto the ground 60 meters away, he tried to stand up. However, he staggered and finally half-kneeled onto the ground as blood continued to spurt out of his mouth as if these blood were free……

Making the Fourth Executive Knight of the empire to lose the ability to continue fighting with one strike.

“Roar – !”

At this moment, Fei roared again. But this time, he was using the skill – [Shout]. He used up all of the mana he had and slowed down the attack from the other two Executive Knights by a little bit. He smashed the ground with his palms, and he used that impulse force to push himself out of the ground and into the air.

“Sky Frost Fist …… One Strike to Kill!”

In the air, Fei chugged down a bottle of [Mana Potion] followed by attacking aggressively. He punched out more than a hundred times within one breath, and everyone in a dozen punches would trigger the effect of the Barbarian’s passive ability [Bash]. All of these punches soon formed six huge crystal-like fist marks, and these six fist marks struck towards the two Executive Knights.

Bam! Bam! Bam!

A series of loud noises resonated in the sky as the two Executive Knights were hit by the fist marks.

Although these fist marks won’t defeat the two Executive Knights, the effect of [Bash] contained the extra damage that was able to damage the two Executive Knights’ body behind the armors. These fist marks interfered with the energy flow in the two Executive Knights’ bodies, and the knockback effect of [Bash] did by Fei more time.

As long as Fei could separate the two Executive Knights, he was confident that he could defeat them one by one.

In a few seconds, the outcome of these attacks were displayed. All of the people in the crowd gasped as they couldn’t believe what they were seeing. They didn’t expect the King of Chambord to suddenly attack the three Executive Knights, and it seemed like this famous young king was having an upper-hand in this battle against the three very powerful Executive Knights.

Having an upper-hand in a 1 vs. 3 battle?

This result was completely different from the outcome people had in their minds.

Even the Third, Sixth, and the Eighth Executive Knights were shocked; they all looked at Fei with an astonished expression as if they were looking at a monster.

After looking at the Second and Fifth Executive Knights who were furious after getting knocked back, everyone knew that these three Executive Knights lost big time, even outside the actual outcome of the battle. All three Executive Knights attacked the King of Chambord, and they didn’t get any advantage. Instead, the Fourth Executive Knight was injured severely. Once this news got out, King Alexander of Chambord’s name would instantly spread across the empire like a tornado!

However, the King of Chambord who was still on the stage didn’t seem like he was going to go easy on these Executive Knights.

Like a bolt of lightning, he dashed towards the Fifth Executive Knight as he attacked with both of his fists mercilessly.



* * *





Chapter 236




Chapter 236

Chapter 236: Fei’s Calculation, Death Trap (Part One)

“Sky Frost Fist – Covering the Sky”

While in mid-air, Fei shouted as a crystal-like fist mark, that was 1000 meters across, appeared in the sky. Fei punched out, and his fist pushed the fist mark, containing all the variations punched into one, into the Fifth Executive Knight.

After the continuous battle, Fei got a lot more experience. His Sky Frost Fist got smoother, and he mastered two killer variations: “Covering the Sky” and “One Strike to Kill”. Covering the Sky was the product of mastering the Barbarian’s pure physical force; Fei was now able to condense 50 punches into one fist mark, and this strike would hit the opponent like missiles. However, One Strike to Kill had the Barbarian Skill [Bash] mixed into it; it could increase the damage and knock the opponent back. However, since Fei’s level 40 Barbarian still wasn’t at his peak, the damage wasn’t there. That was why Fei didn’t really kill either Executive Knights, like the name suggested.

Bam!

The crystal-like fist mark smashed into the Fifth Executive Knight, and the energy spilled in all directions.

The crystal-like force instantly enveloped the entirety of the Fifth Executive Knight. The Executive Knight wasn’t a match with Fei in terms of physical strength, and he barely blocked this strike when his warrior energy wasn’t flowing in his body freely. Like a punching bag, his body flew back in the air as he puked up mouthfuls of blood.

Buzz……

All the murmuring among the crowd got even louder. Tens of thousands of people from these affiliated kingdoms were shocked. They opened their mouths wide and let out strings of sounds with unknown meanings That was all that they can do to vent the surprise and fear in their minds.

In the crowd, the young king of Byzantine was so excited that his body shivered.

“Powerful……. Unmatched!! Merciless Murderous Spirit, reckless behavior. This is a real king! Not only with powerful strength, but also an equally powerful heart! Compared with him, I’m a nobody!” He thought.

The young king was shocked as well. He knew if he was in Fei’s position, he wouldn’t dare to attack the Executive Knights. After witnessing this scene, he seemed to understand something.

“Learn…… I need to learn from the King of Chambord, everything! Every single action of his resembles the presence of a king!”

On top of worrying for his idol, this little king of Byzantine, who no one paid attention to, had an unprecedented seed planted in his mind.

……

On the stage.

The strike ‘Covering the Sky’ knocked the Fifth Executive Knight, who was already at a disadvantage, away, but Fei didn’t hesitate as a frenzy appeared in his eyes. He stomped on the ground as his body shot at the Fifth Executive Knight like a cannonball, and his fists punched out repeatedly. As the air-piercing noise sounded, numerous crystal fist marks struck the Fifth Executive Knight firmly.

Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom!

Although the Fifth Executive Knight was trying to turn the situation around, Fei was able to capture this great opportunity and beat this Executive Knight into the air like a sandbag.

The Fifth Executive Knight backed off as his blood spilled everywhere, but he soon reached the magic barrier. The violent crystal fist mark landed on his body like raindrops, and his green warrior energy was only able to help his body with alleviating some of the forces from the punches and nothing else. Although he tried to fight back, he couldn’t do it.

“Damn it! Shit!”

A terrifying warrior energy exploded from afar. This time, the Second Executiv

e Knight, who was in a set of monster-like armor, finally woke up from the extra-damage and knocked back effect of the ‘One Strike to Kill’ attack. A Dragon-like roar sounded from his throat as the strange black warrior energy flames turned into various black snakes that were flickered their tongues as his body was completely enveloped.

“Oh, this is the Second Executive Knight’s most famous strike! Haha, looks like he is really angry about this!”

Matt Razi was still wandering around as he drank the wine and lightly fanned himself with his golden feather fan. Although the golden wine cup in his hand looked small, to the point where a normal person could even chug it in one go, there was still the delicious smell of liquor coming from that cup. Matt Razi had drunk more than a barrel of wine since the beginning, but there was still drink in the cup. There were also a lot of explosions happening on the stage, but everything close around him was calm. His hair and robes were still naturally fluttering in the light breeze.

Of course –

Before Marr Razi finished, the energy around the Second Executive Knight surged like crazy. Those black energy snakes screamed as they dashed towards Fei.



Chapter 236: Fei’s Calculation, Death Trap (Part Two)

Advanced Combat Technique – Black Flame Snakes’ Kisses.

The Second Executive Knight’s figure was hidden in the black flames.

Although no temperature could be felt on these snakes, even the ground that was protected by the magic barrier turned black. When the black snakes toughed the sky-blue magic barrier, a series of cracking and sizzling noises sounded as if the energy was eating away the barrier. It was really strange.

As the dozens of black snakes flew in the air, they intervened with each other and formed a series of images. In the end, they turned into a huge symbol that looked like a drill head rotating at a high-speed as it aimed Fei’s back.

The strike was impressive.

No wonder it was the famous combat technique of one of the ten Executive Knights.

Before the strike arrived, Fei who was still 30 meters away felt an intolerable pain in his back as if his muscles were about to be torn apart.

“Haha, great! The Third Strike of Sky Frost Fists ……”

Fei didn’t turn around and counterattack as everyone expected. He didn’t stop attacking and pressuring the Fifth Executive Knight. Fei suddenly punched out at a strange angle, and this fist mark traveled through all other fist marks. There was no way that the Fifth Executive Knight could dodge it.

When it hit, the Fifth Executive Knight felt dizzy as if he lost control of his body.

“Now is the time!”

Fei thought as he used [Leap]. He instantly appeared beside the Fifth Executive Knight, grabbed onto the Fifth Executive Knight’s neck, and threw him out like a dirtbag.

Looking from afar, it looked like the Fifth Executive Knight was voluntarily taking on the Black Flame Snakes’ Kisses……

The Fifth Executive Knight who lost control of his body instantly opened his eyes big as his pupils contracted.

On the other side, the Second Executive Knight’s pupils also contracted.

Black Flame Snakes’ Kisses was the Second Executive Knight’s proudest combat technique, and this technique was the reason why he had the second seat in the Imperial Knight Palace. In the last twenty years, a lot had happened to the Imperial Knight Palace, and a lot of masters were defeated by this technique. Even warriors who had similar power levels to the Second Executive Knight lost to him after this technique.

However, this almost secretive technique also had its flaw; it couldn’t be taken back after being cast.

After he unleashed it, there was zero chance that he could cancel it. If he really wanted to do it, the power of the technique would bite back at him mercilessly, and he would be injured by it severely.

After all, the Second Executive Knight didn’t expect Fei would come up with such a dirty trick to counter this.

He also didn’t expect the Fifth Executive Knight to fly towards the attack like an idiot. He knew the Fifth Executive Knight knew the power of this strike, but he was really mad since it looked like the Fifth Executive Knight was trying to block the attack for Fei voluntarily.

“Shit!”

The Second Executive Knight couldn’t do anything but to end the technique forcefully.

Instantly, blood rushed up his throat and filled his mouth; his internal organs were injured by the Black Flame Snakes’ Kisses.

However, such a rushed cancel wasn’t effective.

Although the rotating speed of the drill like snakes decreased, the residual power of it still dashed towards the Fifth Executive Knight who looked defenseless. The residual power of the technique was still so powerful that the ear-piercing noise and the sparks in the air justified it.

With the strike coming so close, the cracked magic armor of the Fifth Executive Knight’s body finally broke into little pieces under this terrifying tearing force.

As the devastating black drill head was about to go into the Fifth Executive Knight who just woke up from the dizziness and destroy him, changes occurred –

A figure appeared in between the drill head and the Fifth Executive Knight from an impossible angle and with impossible speed. With his hands on each side, a golden flame lit up and he grabbed onto the drill head and the Fifth Executive Knight; this death trap was resolved.

Boom!

The residual power in the Black Flame Snakes’ Kisses was sent away, and the Fifth Executive Knight fell onto the stage.

It was really quiet on the stage.

Around the stage, numerous eyes locked onto the figure that suddenly appeared in the battle.



* * *





Chapter 237




Chapter 237

Chapter 237: Fucked Off (Part One)

On the Stage.

The black warrior energy flame disappeared, and everything was visible again.

With the golden fan, golden cup, and the golden robe, Matt Razi stood in the middle of the stage casually.

“Hey, little guy. It’s ok to beat these dumbasses to vent off your anger, but don’t go overboard. It won’t be good if anyone is killed here.” Matt Razi smiled as he looked at Fei.

“They are the ones who provoked me.” Fei acted as if he was wronged and wasn’t feeling great, but he was actually really surprised.

Although he knew that this man was a master, he didn’t expect him to have such an impressive strength; in fact, Matt Razi’s strength was several times above Fei’s estimations. Fei was sure that he couldn’t stop the strike from the Second Executive Knight and the Fifth Executive Knight’s body, and Matt Razi was able to do that easily. Not every a single hair on Matt Razi’s head got messy.

“Eh, to be honest, I don’t like them too. However, little guy, you can’t really kill them. Do you think Six Star Warriors are easy to cultivate? They are not crops that you can just grow anywhere……” Matt Razi zapped his mouth as he drank a bit more and tried to break it down for Fei, “The situation for the empire is more complicated, and they are still needed. You have gained enough respect today, and you showed us what you got. Listen to my advice and stop here!”

“No problem, I will listen to you. But I’m afraid that they……” Fei didn’t want to actually kill the three Executive Knight, so he said with hesitation as he looked at the three Executive Knights.

“Humph, today, the King of Chambord…… must die!” Due to canceling the combat technique, blood had started dripping down from the Second Executive Knight’s lips. However, he didn’t give Matt Razi any respect as he shouted the sentence out word by word.

He took out three blue medicine balls from his storage space and threw one to the Fourth and the Fifth Executive Knight each. They all took the medicine, and the injuries on their bodies quickly recovered. After all, they were Six Star Warriors, and the medicine worked really well with the help from their warrior energies. In ten seconds, the majority of the injuries on their bodies were healed.

These blue medicine balls were really precious as their effects were great. To a lot of warriors, each of the medicine ball represented another life. Even though the Second Executive Knight’s status was really high in the empire, he only had five of those medicine balls. Those were treated like treasures by him. He didn’t even like other people looking at them. However, he was so infuriated by Fei today that he took out and used the three of them with the other two Executive Knights.

Today, he was determined to arrest Fei and throw Fei into the Black Jail at the Imperial Knight Palace

From the perspective of the Second Executive Knight, they lost because they underestimated Fei and let Fei take control of all the advantages in the fight. With a second chance, the Second Executive Knight was sure that they wouldn’t lose.

After seeing this, Fei’s murderous spirit appeared!

Without cutting out the root problems, more and more troubles would appear one after another.

After knowing that his opponents posed real threats, Fei wasn’t going to hold back.

Even if he killed the three Executive Knight, Fei was sure that he could find a way to not get punished.

Fei shrugged at Matt Razi as he smiled to show that he was innocent.

After seeing this Matt Razi didn’t try to stop it again. Instead, he laughed as he drank more

wine.

As another battle to the death was about to begin, a calm yet majestic voice sounded from the direction of St. Petersburg –

“That’s it, come back!”

After hearing this voice, the Second, Fourth, and Fifth Executive Knight’s bodies all froze. Although surprise and unwillingness appeared in their eyes, they didn’t hesitate to move. They roared, looked at Fei viciously, and then turned into three dashes of lights as they rushed back towards the Imperial Knight Palace.

This scene surprised everyone!

“Did some big person from the capital get involved?” The crowd thought.

Who could it be? With one sentence, the three Executive Knights who wanted to tear Fei into pieces fucked off and left the stage obediently.

“Your majesty, I’m afraid that they won’t end here. Take care!”



Chapter 237: Fucked Off (Part Two)

The Third, Sixth, and Eighth Executive Knights who were standing by the edge of the stage walked up to Fei and said their farewells. As Fei stared at them with shock, they walked up to the Seventh Executive Knight Kelud who was still unconscious. They carried Kelud as they dashed back at the Imperial Knight Palace and disappeared.

Instantly, the tense atmosphere was gone after that mysterious voice.

For a brief moment, it was completely silent around the stage.

Everyone in the crowd stared at this king as they felt very dizzy as if their brains were shorted out. No one foresaw this situation; it got out of hand real fast. However, the King of Chambord surprised everyone as he beat four Executive Knights like dummies…… if it wasn’t for that mysterious voice, no one would know how this situation would end.

At this moment, something unexpected happened –

Boom!

An indefensible force suddenly appeared from the direction of the capital like a meteor. That was the purest form of yellow earth element warrior energy; it wasn’t using any combat techniques. From four kilometers away, it dashed towards the First Sword-Testing Stage.

The target of this vast indefensible force was Fei, the King of Chambord.

Fei’s face changed color.

This force wasn’t something that his level 40 Barbarian couldn’t bear.

What scared Fei the most was that he felt like his body couldn’t dodge the attack after being targeted by it. The only option he had was to go against it.

Whoosh!

Mystic flames appeared in the air.

Fei grabbed in the air, and two blades appeared in his hands: [Bul-Kathos’ Sacred Charge] and [Bul-Kathos’ Tribal Guardian]. As soon as the two blades appeared, a series of magical power flowed through his body.

These set items offered Fei various buffs such as +2 levels on all skills, +200 accuracy, + 20 fire damage, + 25 defense…… With these two blades, Fei’s abilities increased a lot.

Tink! Tink!

The two blades danced in the air, and various marks were left in space.

The body of the sword roared as the tinking noise resonated in the sky.

A red and ancient flame suddenly appeared out of nowhere and formed a series of flame swords. Like arrows shot out by a formation of archers, they all dashed towards the force that was coming from St. Petersburg.

Fei also instantly activated [Double Swing] which was a key skill of the Barbarian.

His blades could either attack two targets or one target twice simultaneously.

This skill offered Fei the ability to act like two level 40 Barbarians. In other words, Fei was able to instantly deal double the damage.

With the help of the set items, Fei bashed out flame sword energy one after another.

Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom!

The flame sword flew in all directions, but they all ended up striking that yellow warrior energy from all directions. However, like eggs hitting a rock, the flame sword energies shattered and left a lot of residual fire energy in the air.

The vast energy was only stopped by this attempt by a little bit, then it continued its dash towards Fei.

“Shit! What is this power?”

Under pressure, Fei cursed as he sensed being targeted even more. As that vast energy got closer to him, blood started to leak out of Fei’s nose, ears, and mouth. This power was beyond Fei’s limit. It was beyond the limit of a star warrior and reached the moon-class elites.

No more holding back!

As he knew he couldn’t handle the force, Fei bit his teeth and gave up on the Barbarian Mode. He instantly switched to Sorceress Mode and used the skill [Teleport].

[Teleport], it could ignore all obstacles and instantly move Fei to anywhere he could see.

Tink!

It was a light noise.

0.0001 second before he was hit by the force, Fei’s stiff body blurred. He disappeared from where he was standing and appeared behind Matt Raiz.

Boom!

That terrifying force from St. Petersburg finally landed on the floor of the stage with a destructive spirit.



* * *





Chapter 238




Chapter 238

Chapter 238: The King of Kings (Part One)

Fei thought the entire Sword-Testing Stage would be instantly destroyed to debris by the horrifying force. However, the scene he had imagined did not take place, neither even a crack appeared on the floor of the stage. It was totally beyond his expectation.

This was because the irresistible horrifying force disappeared in all a sudden when it almost struck the floor.

Completely disappeared.

It was as if the incredible force had never appeared before, which even did not leave a trace.

It gave Fei goosebumps — what a horrifying mean of force manipulation!

It was inconceivable!

But right at the moment when the force was about to disappear, Fei had clearly heard a voice crying “Hum!” in his ears, which was gentle but clear. It seemed that the owner of the voice has been very shocked by the fact that Fei was able to escape from the blow.

“This single blow is just a little lesson to you, that the dignity of the Imperial Knight Palace cannot be violated by anyone at will……little bastard, keep it in your mind, it won’t be as easy as this time in future, humph!”

The voice that cried just now came in Fei’s ears again quickly.

The words sounded like a threat.

However, the whisper had given Fei an intimate feel for some reason.

He could recognize that the voice definitely belonged to the same person who previously ordered the six Execution Knights to retreat with only one sentence. The voice was calm and casual without any trace of hostility, but it contained a sort of sense of natural nobility and power beyond doubt. As a result, no one was able to develop a thought of resistance or disobedience at all.

This was an absolutely horrifying master warrior.

As the whirring wind blew, Fei stood behind Matt Razi waiting in silence for a little while, well prepared to evacuate by using the “Teleport” skill of the sorceress……But this force did not appear anymore after the failure of the blow.

“Hey kid, why did you run behind me just now?” Matt Razi foamed with rage, expressing his dissatisfaction with Fei’s behavior.

“Er, it was unintentional, absolutely unintentional!”

Fei chuckled, thinking that: “Am I that silly to tell you the truth that I chose to hide behind you and used you as a shield just in case being killed by the angry mysterious master warrior?”

“Hoo! I really didn’t expect ah, you kid……this time, you are really fucking cool!” The empire’s number one traveling poet of Zenit stared at Fei complicatedly, sincerely complimented: “Ha, ha, ha, at last, even Akinfeev, the Executive Knight-Captain of Imperial Knight Palace acted on you himself and failed to screw you. F*ck, except for three places in Zenit Empire, you can now go anywhere you like!”

As if responding to Matt Razi’s comment, there had been thunderous cheers suddenly arising around the Sword-Power-Test Stage. Tens of thousands of people screamed at the same time. The huge noise was like the endless waves flooding from the horizon, wave after wave. The vast surging sound was like tidal waves flapping the distant Moro Mountains and the walls of the imperial capital.

“King of Chambord! King of Chambord!! King of Chambord!!! King of Chambord!!!!! King of Chambord!!!!!”

All sorts of cheers that contained the various dialects of their own nations came together to form the same phrase. For the inferior warriors and even some minor nobles and officials from the 250 affiliated kingdoms, they were favoring King of Chambord with regard to their feelings. Although they previously thought highly of the Seventh “Bloodthirst Knight” almost in a prevailing way due to

the accumulated influences by the Execution Knights over a long time, they were rooting for the underdog in their minds.

After all, the King of Chambord was just like them.

From this perspective, the King of Chambord appeared to be closer to them.

For many people from the affiliated kingdoms, it was like the Chambord Kind had been representing them to fight a duel. Perhaps the duel hid a lot of things they did not know, but they preferred to regard the dual as a battle between the power of the imperial nobles and the force of the affiliated kingdoms.

This was a very simple feeling.

There had been wind blowing from the distant Moro Mountains while everyone shouted “King of Chambord”.

Fei slightly closed his eyes and raised his arms up. He quietly switched to the “Paladin Mode”, and his body was covered by a touch of golden light. An atmosphere that was noble and benevolent beyond words softly spread out. The beautiful sunlight of early afternoon showered down and shone upon the mass silver thick snow and Fei’s body. There seemed to be only one figure left in the vast world. Fei opened his arms as if he was embracing the entire world.

At this moment, this young figure that was invincible and aggressive to a crazy degree had been engraved in the hearts and souls of the people from the 250 affiliated kingdoms so firmly and deeply that he would never be forgotten.

It was the effect that Fei had made on purpose.



Chapter 238: The King of Kings (Part One)

What he had wanted was to greatly impress the tens of thousands of people from the affiliated kingdoms around him with his image as a king.

He did not mean to pretend to be something else deliberately.

Fei firmly believed that what he had demonstrated by himself on the Sword-Testing Stage, such as the tough strength, the crazy courage to attack Executive Knights, and the valiant image under “Paladin Mode”…….all of those would have subtle effects for sure at a certain time in the future!

“From now on, you are only inferior to the great emperor of the empire. King of Chambord, you have become the king of the kings!” Matt Razi finally commented softly without hiding his voice. His words were clearly broadcasted as if it had been publicized deliberately.

Even Matt Razi had put away the cynical expression as well. He glanced at the cheering crowd below the stage, then he looked at Fei whose temperament had turned into that of a noble leader.

Having left his comment, the empire’s number one poet did not hesitate anymore and gladly drank a mouthful of good wine. Then he turned into a golden light and disappeared into the distant sky.

The perpetual cheers of the crowd below the stage had been surging all the time.

A Knight of Holy Church in black armor came up and approached Fei respectfully. He said: “Your Majesty, this is the invitation card from my lord. If your majesty have a chance in future, please come visit!”

Except for the symbol of Summer Palace, the black invitation card was simple and solemn in a square shape without an extra mark. The Summer Palace was the headquarter of the Holy Church at Zenit, and its image was stamped with gold gilding on the upper right corner of the front. Even for those top nobilities in the St.Petersburh, not many of them were qualified to use gold gliding invitation cards like this.

Fei did not want to appear as snobby, so he accepted the invitation card after thinking for a second.

The knight in black armor slightly bowed, turned around, and went down the stage.

Many nobles in the VIP area stared at Fei enviously.

The influence that the Holy Church had in the imperial capital was actually not weaker than that of the imperial royal family. Getting an invitation card with a gold gliding summer palace showed that the King of Chambord had drawn the attention of the Bishop.

Before long, the group of Holy Church knights below the stage urged their horses and left for the imperial capital.

The magic carriage, which had been closely guarded, left as well.

From suddenly appearing at the start of the duel to leaving freely at this moment, the mysterious person in the magic carriage had not made his or her appearance and remained adequately mysterious. As a result, it could be just guessed in a vague way that it must be an influential figure at the Holy Church, but no one knew who he or she was!

The departure of the Holy Church did not reduce the crowd’s crazy cheers. Instead, the cheers were getting bolder due to the lack of pressure and constraints.

The crowd around the stage were starting to leave in the crazy cheers.

Fei was about to leave as well, but suddenly ——

“King of Chambord, Alexander? Good, good indeed. Among the 250 affiliated kingdoms, you can be regarded as the number one. Although you acted a bit impulsively and offended the Imperial Knight Palace, you’d be ok if you be careful afterward……” A tall and handsome young man wearing an eagle helmet flew onto the stage from the VIP area by using the magic Wings of Wind. He nodded at Fei in a manner that was filled with arrogance as if he had been looking down. He stared at Fei and said: “Your strength has awed me. If you are willing to serve the Dean Family, the kingdom of Chambord will be able to soar to new heights after this competition.”

Fei glanced at him as if he was looking at an idiot; he then turned around and just ignored this young man.

“What is Dean Family? How dare you act in such a way in front of me?” Fei thought.

“You……” Having felt being disregarded by Fei, the young man in eagle helmet glared furiously at Fei as if he was being insulted.

Along with a fragrant breeze, a graceful figure with irresistible allure showed up on the stage all a sudden.

It was Beyonce, the most beloved daughter of the Beag Family.

The beautiful young lady, who was as cold and noble as an iceberg, stared at Fei up and down. She gave others an impression that she was actually haughty and unapproachable despite her good look. She came over and said rudely: “Although you’re still far away from my standards, I’d like to give you a chance. King of Chambord, you have been allowed to pursue me from now on. As long as you perform well, I might consider going on a date with you …….

“HA……”

Fei almost burst into laughter.

“This girl really felt too good about herself, right?” He thought.

Fei didn’t know which noble forces in the empire these two people standing in front of him were from, but they were almost exactly the same as the Golden Sun Knight Sutton and Dillies from the Hot Spring Those born with a golden spoon in their mouth all felt very good about themselves and thought that they were the center of the universe; it was stupid.

Two idiots!

Fei shook his head as he found them both funny and annoying.

While ignoring the two people who just showed up, he waved to the crowd below the stage, and that caused a mass of responding cheers again.



* * *





Chapter 239




Chapter 239

Chapter 239: The Heart of Fulfillment (Part One)

West in St. Petersburg.

The eleven giant black towers stand loftily at the Imperial Knight Palace.

The main black tower was in the middle. In the spacious hall on the first level of the main tower, there were two giant statues of knights brandishing their swords on horses vividly; each of them was at least as a hundred meters tall. At the foot of the status, a stalwart figure stood backward with bright red cape spread out which made the figure taller and greater. Out of the quietness, a sense of natural nobility and dignity spread out invisibly.

“Your Highness!”

Six figures timidly kneeled down on the glossy ground.

They were the six Execution Knights who just came back from NO. One Sword Testing Stage in the campsite ten kilometers out of Imperial Capital.

“Well, Second Knight, are you dissatisfied with me for calling you back brashly?” the stalwart figure hadn’t turned back, but his golden hair went down quietly along the bright cape till his waist. His voice contained the power to affect people’s soul.

“I…dare not”

The Second Knight’s eyes revealed a sense of unwillingness and hatred which however was quickly replaced by thick fear and respect. In front of this tall and great man, strong and fearless Second Executive Knight didn’t dare to have any disobedience. To others, he was the second most powerful figure in the Imperial Knight Palace, but a small thought of this man in front of him would make him lose everything with no doubt.

“well, no? That means there is dissatisfaction, right?” The man standing under the statues asked lightly with his back still facing these Executive Knights.

“No, no. I, I just …” The Second Executive Knight was suddenly too nervous to explain.

“Enough! No explanation is needed. You all know my taboo. Whoever dares to manipulate the Imperial Knights will prepare to be killed! You really think I know nothing about what has happened this time?” The giant figure suddenly turned over with an exotic black mask under golden long hair. Without the appearance of his face, the pair of sky blue pupils sent out cold lights. “It looks like the Imperial Knight Palace has been quiet for too long. Someone has forgotten the bloody history happened before. The Second Knight, why did you make things difficult for King of Chambord and dare to break the fairness of the Sword Testing Stage in front of tens of thousands of people? Are you going to challenge the dignity of the laws made by Emperor Yassin?”

The Second Knight lowered his head to the ground right away with terror.

“The Imperial Knight Palace’s reputation is damaged because of your doing!” The giant shadow walks toward the gate of the tower with a series of steps with the bright red cape dragged on the ground smooth as a mirror; it looked like a river filled with boiled blood running through the hall.

“The Second Knight, the Fourth Knight, and the Fifth Knight, you three had done things without regards to knight’s code and will be sent to black prison for 30 days. The Third Knight, the Sixth Knight, and The Eighth Knight, you three will also be sent to black prison for 10 days!”

The figure covered by the bloody red cape disappeared while his voice still resonated in the hall.

No one dared to question such order.

“Yes, your Highness!” the six took the order with knees down.

Suddenly, a red flare comes out of the ground and surrounds the six knights. The glossy and hard ground becomes soft as a swamp, and it swallowed the six knights instantly. When the red flare was gone, the six people disappear completely.

All of sudden, the whole tower had no one inside, and it w

as filled with unspeakable coldness and emptiness.

Inside the tower, there were hundreds of stone pillars sculpted with all kinds of knights fighting with swords, telling the histories either with sadness or from a long time ago. At the center of the whole tower, the two giant status of knights could be sensed with unspeakable fairness and mercy, but the giant white swords looked like they were contaminated by something blackish like rust.

…

On the top of the gate of the St. Petersburg.

Zenit’s God of War, Andrew Arshavin, quietly looked at the No.1 Sword Testing Stage. His looked at the figure thousands of meters away; that man had his arms open as if he was embracing the world…

Beside the young military leader, there was a group of solid solders under metal armors.

The atmosphere filled with tension coming out of nowhere.

“Unexpected, really unexpected…his power has already become so terrifyingly strong. In this world, is there really such unbelievable genius? ”

Arshavin’s hands gently rub the cold walls with an unknown feeling running inside him. The person who let the number one battle legion, Iron-Blood Legion, and always stayed calm and emotionless suddenly had complicated feelings inside that he has never felt before.



Chapter 239: The Heart of Fulfillment (Part Two)

“When we met the first time, he was only a small king who was barely able to step into the level of a five star warrior and had to survive depending on those dirty tactics like fake death. But now, he could defeat four Execution Knights by himself… ”

Arshavin was speechless with his head up.

He thought of the suggestion that the elder princess Talisha made, and he has to admit that this wise sister of his was correct once again.

“Before it gets dark, have someone to send a congratulation gift to King of Chambord on winning his battle in my name.”

“Yes, your Highness!”

…

At the campsite ten kilometers away, around No.1 Sword Testing Stage.

The cheers continued.

The kings of affiliated kingdoms looked serious and start to leave under the protection of the guards. The shadow on the Sword Testing Stage made them feel hopeless and tired. After this battle, everyone knows the king of Chambord would shock the whole Zenit empire. Among the 250 affiliated kingdoms ruled by the empire, no one was able to beat this small level 6 affiliated kingdom.

No, maybe there was one person!

[One Sword]



The legendary low-key prince who was secretive in his movement and came from the Number 1 affiliated kingdom ‘Winterside’.



Publicly recognized as the number one prince among all 250 affiliated kingdoms, this young prince had kept a low profile despite his high reputation. He had experienced more than one hundred battles without one lost, especially in the battle with Spartak Empire five years ago at the border of Zenit Empire. He killed a six-star warrior and an important in the royal family of Spartak Empire by himself surrounded by more than a thousand soldiers. This battle made [One Sword] famous five years ago. Since then, he practiced by himself and become more unexpected. He battled less and less; no one knew what level he was on now.

Now, only [One Sword] was able to fight with the king of Chambord.

The kings of affiliated kingdoms left with different thoughts which didn’t prevent others from worship the king of Chambord, especially those warriors from the affiliated kingdoms. Most of them were born into low classes, and some of them didn’t even reach any star level. They lived in ice and fire and walked close to death every day in order to provide for themselves and their families.

Azeroth respected those who were strong. Today what they have seen on No.1 Sword Testing Stage was like a battle of gods. The sky-covering energy, flaming long swords, soaring giant black-flaming serpents, blood fog, dazzling sword sways, and lightning-like movements…all of these were challenging their imaginations. They had never imagined the level of strength before this!

Out of the worship and passion for the winners, they wouldn’t leave with their hot blood still boiling.

Among them, a group of young people wearing animal skins stare Fei; some slaves under broken robe knee on the ground praying like worshiping God of War; some other star leveled warriors sit cross-legged and feel the atmosphere left by the winners hoping to get some hint and break their bondage…

Among a group of people around one hundred meters away from Sword Testing Stage, a man stood there with a clean flaxen cape. He was a little slim but stood very straight. He was so quiet that neither the chaos around nor the drumbeat on the Sword Testing Stage was able to affect him even a little. He didn’t show any strangeness or surge of energy or magic, but he was like invisible to others as no one came to him to ask anything.

“How dare you? Why are you ignoring me?”

On the Sword Testing Stage, Beag family’s princess-like Beyonce stared at Fei strangely as if she was looking at a monster.

“King of Chambord! I give you the last chance. If it were not for your power today, how would Dean Family accept you, the king of a small level 5 affiliated kingdom?”

Dean Family’s magic genius Dean Kazola points at Fei arrogantly and spoke with a threating tone.

Fei has the impulse to slap away these two spoiled kids.

He’s been a man of two lives and had seen too many silly childish people. However, he had never seen anyone who begged with arrogant faces. “Are their brains out of order from longtime comfortable life?” He thought.

“Huh?” Fei suddenly found a familiar shadow under Sword Testing Stage.

The young King of Byzantine Kingdom.

This young king was looking at him as if he was worshipping an idol. Fei realized that something interesting changed since their encounter last night. Fei nod at him with satisfaction.

On another thought, Fei suddenly had the heart to fulfill this young man who shared a similar life story with himself.



* * *





Chapter 240




Chapter 240

Chapter 240: Seven Injure Fist (Part One)

After switching to Barbarian Mode, Fei grabbed in the air, and a great amount of force suddenly pulled on the King of Byzantine. In gasps, this young king was seized onto the stage.

“Nice to meet you, your majesty. I, Constantine, hasn’t thanked you for your help yesterday.” The young king quickly got out of the surprise and excitement as he saluted. The young king’s name was Constantine.

“Don’t worry about it. I saw some of my past in you.”

Fei seemed very patient. He quickly told the young king about his experience, and it sounded just like what Constantine was going through. Both of them inherited the throne as their fathers passed away. Also, both of them had sly and greedy ministers who wanted to take over as well as lovers and warriors who protected them. The only thing was that Fei’s fate as a little bit better than Constantine’s. After hearing this, the young king knew why Fei was willing to help him, and the last bit of confusion in his mind as cleared away.

“Your strength is not bad, but you lack proper Warrior Energy Training Scroll and Combat Techniques. If you meet an opponent on your level, you would be at a disadvantage…… eh, I have created these techniques. If you are interested, I can teach you……” Fei said as he took out a thin booklet from his storage space.

“Uh? Seven Injure Fist?”

“Yeah, this is the Seven Injure Fist. It is something that I developed and created after I got an inspiration. This technique is fancy and powerful. If you master this technique, there would be seven kinds of forces contained within one punch; fire-like direct force, water-like soft force, contraction force …… all of these forces would silently injure the internal organs of your enemies……” Fei started to bullshit again and made up a story. However, the power of the technique was real.

This so-call Seven Injure Fist was a knocked off version of one of the techniques that he read in a Wuxia Novel in his past life.

This was a technique that Fei created based on a Metal-Element Training Scroll he had and the energy pathing under his Assassin Mode. When Fei was testing it, he found that although this new technique could increase the strength of the trainee in a short time and it was really powerful, it had the shortcoming just like the technique he read in the Wuxia Book on Earth; it would deal a lot of damage to the internal organs of the trainee as well.

Due to this shortcoming, Fei hesitated and didn’t let anyone close to him to training under this method. However, now it seemed like the best gift for this young king. After all, Fei wasn’t such a nice person where he would give out these precious training scrolls to everyone he meets. If this young king wasn’t annoying or didn’t use his power evilly, Fei would try to come up with ways to eliminate the shortcoming for him in the future.

Of course, Fei didn’t lie about the negative consequences as he explained everything to the young man.

“Thank you, your majesty! I’m willing to learn it. I understand that I need to sacrifice things in order to become stronger!”

Constantine looked at the training scroll in his hand as he quickly thought through all the pro and the cons. He was very excited to know that this scroll would grant him power in a short time. If there weren’t other people watching and he didn’t need to still uphold his status, he would single-kneeled on the ground to show his gratitude.

Fei glanced through everyone’s face and saw variations of expressions. He knew what he did got people’s attention, and the young King of Byzantine was receiving more attention too. From now on, it would depe

nd on the young man’s intelligence whether he would seize the opportunity or not.

“Since you are talking with me in front of tens of thousands of people, it might cause trouble for you in the future. Of course, the troubles could turn into opportunities too. Are you afraid?”

“Your majesty, I’m only here because of your generosity. I won’t forget this!” The young king immediately understood what Fei was trying to do. He got more grateful as he bowed.

“Oh, since this is the case, you can leave now!”

Fei waved his hand again, and an invisible force carried the King of Byzantine down the stage that was more than 50 meters tall. After getting back to his guards, the young king left with his men without any hesitation.

“Who was that? It seemed like he is really close to the King of Chambord……”

“He looks like the king of another affiliated kingdom…… Hmmmmmm, probably a southern kingdom……”

“What a luck……. He was spotted by the King of Chambord. With this relationship, he could soar to the sky……”

“He is the King of Byzantine, a level 6 affiliated kingdom.” Someone in the crowd recognized Constantine.



Chapter 240: Seven Injure Fist (Part Two)

“I need to inform His Majesty about this. Looks like the plan we had needs to be changed. We can’t get on the bad side of Byzantine; otherwise, the King of Chambord might be offended by it!”

“I didn’t expect this. With the support of King of Chambord, even those level 1 affiliated kingdoms might not even want to stand on the other side of Byzantine…… the benefits that the Byzantine Kingdom will receive from this competition could be already projected. That little king is so lucky.”

“Quickly investigate the relationship between Chambord and Byzantine! This is urgent!”

“Haha, this is an opportunity! A great opportunity! Follow my command and quickly send gifts to Byzantine. Tell the King of Byzantine that we are willing to establish an alliance. Haha, if we can get to know the King of Chambord through this link, it would be even better!”

People chatted among themselves, and what just happened stuck in many people’s head.

The adjacent kingdoms to Byzantine who wanted to divide up its territory after this competition got scared. They were glad that they hadn’t executed on their plans yet. Otherwise, before they get any benefits, they would suffer great loss. King of Chambord even dared to attack the Executive Knights, let alone their little kingdoms.

The kingdoms who had friction and conflicts with Byzantine were concerned as well; they were thinking of ways to apologize and settle it once for all.

“Hey, are you even listening?” On stage, the princess of Beag Family – Beyonce got angry as she walked to Fei. With her chin high-up in the air, she said with a naughty tone: “I order you to apologize to me for your rudeness!”

“How dare you? As the king of a little level 6 affiliated kingdom, there is only so much you can do with your individual strength. How dare you reject our Dean Family?” The genius from Dean Family also got offended.

Fei turned around and walked away without saying anything.

“You…… stop!” The princess-like girl got even more infuriated after being ignored by Fei.

“Haha, great! King of Chambord, if you walk down this stage today, you will regret this decision for the rest of your life!” The magic genius made another warning.

“Huh?”

Fei stop and looked back. His chilling stares made the two people feel like they were staring at a lethal weapon. These two young people quickly look away to ease their nerves.

“Humph.” Fei sneered.

“You…… Humph. King of Chambord, you are very powerful. However, you can’t protect the whole kingdom yourself. You will regret being so rude to me. Any men who are rude to me would pay ……”

Whoosh!

Fei instantly dashed to Beyonce as he grabbed onto this girl’s neck. Without any mercy, his iron-claw like fingers clenched her neck tightly that she opened her eyes wide and had a hard time to breathe. She dry-coughed and cried, but the warrior energy inside her body seemed to be locked; she couldn’t put up a fight.

“How dare you? Let go of Miss Beyonce.”

The warriors of Beag Family were all shocked to see this. They shouted as six of them quickly dashed onto the stage from the VIP area. Several warrior energy that had different colored flames targeted Fei’s back.

Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam!

Fei lightly waved his hands, and an invisible force surged.

As those warrior energy collided with this force, they disappeared like snow colliding onto a hot wall. Then, these guards physically smashed into this invisible wall. They gasped and whined as they fell down; blood dyed the color of the sky red.

“Idiot! In front of me, put away your arrogance and pride! If you dare to say anything else, then die!”

Fei’s cold tone and even colder stares instantly melted away all of the girl’s defense.

Her haughty body collapsed first. Her body started to shiver as she felt her mind had gone blank. An unprecedented fear appeared in her mind as she looked at Fei. She didn’t doubt what Fei said; she knew that this hand around her neck would instantly crush her if she said anything more……

“Humph!”

Fei threw this arrogant girl onto the ground, and clouds of dust were instantly sent into the air.

“Also, this idiot!” Fei turned around and stared at the genius of Dean Family. Fei didn’t hide his murderous spirit, and this young man felt like the sky was collapsing on top of his head. Didn’t matter how hard he tried to use his magic power, he couldn’t defend against it. Soon, he was forced to kneel down on the ground with his hands propping his body up; he couldn’t move at all.

At this moment, this magic genius realized how powerful this King of Chambord was.

This man was thousands of times more powerful when he was the one experiencing it; after all, this didn’t occur to him when he was watching. He had a feeling that this king could turn him into a pile of minced meat if the king just stared at him harder.

“If you guys try to bother me more, your lives won’t be more precious than the stray dogs!”

Fei got ferocious as he looked at these two young people as well as other people in the VIP area. Didn’t matter who they were, they didn’t dare to look back at Fei in the eyes.

(OH BOI, we just hit a milestone on Patreon! As a thank-you present to everyone that’s supporting us on Patreon, here’s a bonus chapter to show our appreciation. Furthermore, there will be 4 regular releases every week starting next week.)



* * *





Chapter 241




Chapter 241

Chapter 241 Suddenly Arrival (Part One)

Like a chicken who won in a bloody chicken fight, Fei laughed as he left after defeating all of his opponents.

His laugh didn’t sound humble at all; it didn’t fit his royal image. However, everyone could hear the proudness in the laugh, and they sounded like a series of slaps in the face of the superpowers and noble families at St. Petersburg. To the nobles who were treated like gods in the city, the disdain and mockery in the laugh made them feel worse than dying. Despite the ugly looks on their faces, they still couldn’t do anything to Fei.

At least now, they can’t do anything.

After jumping off of the stage like a huge bird, Fei greeted the crowd as he walked away in cheers. With considerations in mind, he didn’t let other Chambordians to follow him to the duel. After he got out of the crowd, he dashed away and disappeared.

……

……

Inside the camp of Chambord.

Since morning, Angela was in a state of uneasiness.

Although she had confidence in her man, the Sword-Testing Stage was a cruel place after all; corpses were being dragged off of the stage after shouts and metal colliding noises every day. Today, Fei was challenging one of the Ten Executives Knights that no one in Zenit Empire dared to offend. After she read the intelligence report made by Old Zola and Modric on Kelud, she got even more worried.

Despite the worrying, she knew that her Alexander couldn’t escape from it.

She was smiling the whole time and didn’t let any of her anxiousness to be shown. She didn’t want Fei to see her worries and be affected by it during the duel. Since the beginning, she was trying to look confident in hoping that her optimism could bring Fei luck.

An hour ago, she saw Fei dashing from the camp and going to the duel.

At that moment, her heart was racing so fast that it almost reached her throat.

From that moment on, she hadn’t relaxed at all; it was a torture for her every second. She was scared, anxious, and unease,

The only thing that she could do and did was to kneel down before a statue of the God of War and pray.

“All mighty God of War, I beg you for a miracle and please let Alexander return safely…….”

The other person who was with Angela and kneeled at the same time was Emma.

Outside of the camp, no one from Chambord went to see the duel as they all followed Fei’s command. However, every soldier from Chambord was standing outside in silent as they looked at the direction of the stage earnestly.

Among them, people like Peter-Cech, Torres, and Warden Oleg were much stronger than everyone else, and they were able to sense the power surge happening from far away. Within all the surging, an unfamiliar bloody and murderous energy surged the most. Although they were quite far away, they still unleashed their energy as they tried to protect themselves subconsciously.

This sensation was too powerful.

But unlike Angela and Emma, People like Cech, Torres, and Oleg weren’t was worried for Fei despite being scared by this energy.

Only the people who had fought alongside Fei before knew how powerful their king was. Ever since the black armored enemies attacked Chambord, most of these people had fought alongside Fei. Every time a disaster came in Chambord’s way, their king was somehow able to handle all of that with his individual power. Especially after these people from Chambord got more powerful, they sensed that their distance from their king got bigger. Every time they thought that they were close to catching up with their king, they would realize that they were wrong. Especially since their king defeated the Tenth Executive Knight on the Dual-Tower Mountains, they finally figured out that

they couldn’t even “see” their king’s figure on the road of cultivation.



Chapter 241 Suddenly Arrival (Part Two)

To be frank, they had a crazy trust in their king that was similar to how people of religion had 100% faith in their god.

This belief was based on the invincible image that their king painted.

This image was already deeply engraved into their bones and souls.

As everyone from Chambord looked at the direction of the stage despite not being able to see it, they suddenly heard shouts: “King of Chambord! King of Chambord! King of Chambord! King of Chambord!”

Tsunami-like sound waves came from the direction of the stage, and everyone from Chambord felt like they were standing in a sound storm. The loud cheers made them have a hard time standing up straight. They all looked at each other, and they all saw an expressing smile on each other’s faces.

“This…… his majesty won?” Oleg who mastered the art of flattering reacted first. The fatty shouted as he jumped up from the ground and try to have a better look at the stage.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

Everyone moved. Within the camp of Chambord, everyone started to try to climb on something tall. Although their king ordered them to not leave the camp, they could still get to a high point and look far.

After all, they couldn’t hold back the emotions as they heard all the cheers.

In their minds, they could already picture their king standing on the stage with the long black hair fluttering. They would also picture their king being admired by tens of thousands of people and the Seventh Executive Knight lying on the ground bleeding!

Crack!

Due to the number of people who got on top of the tent to try to see the stage, a few tents couldn’t handle this weight and collapsed……

“His majesty…… his majesty won?” Angela ran out of the central tent as she asked with her shaky voice: “Peter, Torres, tell me…… did Alexander win?”

After hearing this, Cech and Torres jumped off of their tents and single-kneeled in front of Angla. They responded respectfully: “Your Highness, although we are not sure of the details, we can tell for sure that his majesty won! The other surge of energy couldn’t be sensed anymore, and his majesty’s power is the only power that we can sense.”

“Great, great!” A bright smile shined on the girl’s face as she said: “Quick, get ready to welcome his majesty back! We have to do a huge celebration this time.

“As you wish, your highness!”

After hearing the future queen’s order, all the soldiers got hyped more as they started the preparation.

Angela, on the other hand, thought about the situation a bit more and then went back into the central tent to thank the God of War for protecting her Alexander.

“I have to smile and greet Alexander as he comes back!”

……

……

Fei put on a brown cloak as he slowly walked on the streets formed by the campsites.

He ignored the warriors and the slaves who were chatting among themselves about the duel that just took place; he was thinking back to and recreating the battle he just went through in his mind.

Fei discovered that he seemed to have a terrifying learning ability – he would learn and grasp on something that he has never thought about before after every fight. After fighting with four Executive Knights, he felt like the mists and fog in front his path of cultivation disappeared a lot!

“Could it be the effect of [Learn]? One of the three miraculous skills I got from Diablo World? Although I was smart before, I wasn’t this crisp.”

Fei who loved and praised himself all the time was even weird out by his own talent.

He thought as he organized all these new ideas and inspirations he got from the fights, and suddenly –

“Huh?” Fei’s expression changed.

He suddenly had a terrifying sensation as if he was targeted by a monster.

“Someone is following me? A super powerful warrior?”

Fei didn’t question the sensing ability of his level 40 Barbarian character. At that moment, he was sure that he was being followed. Also, this hidden beast was far beyond his level; Fei felt like he was a sand particle facing an ocean.

On top of all this, this person had an unhidden murderous spirit.



* * *





Chapter 242




Chapter 242

Chapter 242: Miraculous Skill – [Summon], Duriel (Part One)

Enemy!

Fei thought quickly as he didn’t act strangely.

“Must find a way to escape from his or hers detection!”

As Fei thought about it, he quickly switched to Assassin Mode and disappeared from where he was. As if he dissolved into the air, he didn’t leave behind any of traces.

“Huh? Interesting. You can get away from being targeted and locked on to by me?”

The space in the area rippled as if the wind blew on the surface of a lake. With a tone of surprise, this person said: “Haha…… what an interesting character. King of Chambord, too bad I have already landed my own energy seal on you. Doesn’t matter where you go, I can already find you. You are going to die today……Hahahaha! I found you!”

Fei’s face changed color.

After switching to Assassin Mode, his sensitivity to danger increased even more. Now, he was surprised to find that he couldn’t get away from this terrifying enemy with all the skills of a level 36 Assassin. Instead, this person was catching up with him!

“Die!”

A quiet shout sounded by Fei’s ear.

Instantly, an energy that was several times more powerful than Fei’s fell from the sky and landed on Fei. It locked Fei down so hard that Fei felt like he was being hit by a mountain. At that moment, he almost kneeled onto the ground since his legs almost gave out.

“This isn’t the power of a star level warrior, who are you?” Fei shouted angrily.

Since he was still being spotted, Fei dropped the Assassin Mode and went back to Barbarian Mode since it was the highest leveled character he had. All the muscles in his body bulged up as he shouted and stood straight.

“A dead man doesn’t need to know!”

The cold and sharp voice sounded again, and it was accompanied by a sharp energy. Like a godly weapon, this energy formed into the shape of a sword and stabbed down at Fei’s skull.

Fei was still under this lock and wasn’t even able to move his fingers.

He used all he had and looked up, and his pupil contracted as his mind went blank.

For the first time after he arrived on Azeroth Continent, Fei felt like he was standing next to death.

A real death.

It came unexpectedly and quietly after he shocked 250 affiliated kingdoms; it should be the proudest moment of his life, but ……

……

A thin figure who was wondering in the camp area with a clean cloak suddenly sensed something. A pair of bright eyes looked at the direction and murmured: “Who? Who is that? That direction…… could it be?” He sounded shocked.

“Crap!”

Whoosh!

This figure instantly disappeared from the spot, and the pedestrian around him didn’t even sense the disappeared on a person beside them.

……

……

“Emma, come and take a look! Does this dress look pretty?”

In the central tent, the beautiful girl was wearing a tight-fit black long dress with lace edges. She spun and showed off her beauty. The cold tone of the black contrasted with the white jade-like skin of the girl, and she looked unparalleled as if she was a goddess who came down from the heaven.

“Angele, his majesty would like it doesn’t matter what you wear!” Emma said as she put a hairpin decorated with a sapphire in Angela’s hair.

Suddenly –

“Ouch…… why does my heart hurt so much?” Angela, who was smiling, suddenly cried out loud as a painful expression appeared on her face: “What is happening? Could Alexander be……”

The girl s

uddenly stopped moving as she looked at a direction with her eyes filled with worries

……

……

Fei was in a death trap.



Chapter 242: Miraculous Skill – [Summon], Duriel (Part Two)

He couldn’t move, let alone dodging or counterattacking.

On top of his head, the energy sword struck down without mercy.

“Hahahahaha!!!! If you want to kill me, ask permission from a Lord from Hell first!” Fei shouted in his mind as he made a decision.

Buzz-!

A light yet strange noise sounded.

The feeling of being targeted and restricted loosened and the feeling of freedom finally returned to Fei.

Dodge!

This was the first reaction of Fei after getting back the control.

At the same time, a huge blue sphere appeared, and it seemed like something was trying to crawl out of it.

“Roar! Stupid humans, are you looking for me?”

A pair of demon arms first appeared out of the sphere. With a power that was not from this word, it grabbed onto that terrifying energy sword.

Bam!

One of the demon arms exploded into pieces, and blood with a pungent smell and corrosive ability fell from the sky.

“Roar! You damn human! How dare you injure the great Duriel? You are dead!”

From the blue sphere, a monster shouted as it crawled out of it. Its body was like a small mountain; it was at least a 100 meters tall, and its skin was red and tough. It looked like a huge bug from afar with its two front claws sharp and strong. Its lower body was fat and ugly with four pairs of short but strong legs that grasped the ground firmly. Its head alone was half of its body size, and strips of bone spikes on its body looked terrifying alone without considering the dense teeth in its huge mouth.

This monster roared as it charged out of the sphere.

This was a historical moment.

One of the four Lords from Hell, Duriel, the Lord of Pain who was the final boss of the second map in Diablo World came on Azeroth Continent through the portal!

Fei used the [Summon] Skill to summon this Demon Lord.

“What is this?”

The mysterious man who showed himself in the sky finally was a bit surprised after being all serious. To people on Azeroth Continent, Duriel was an unexplainable entity.

“You damn human, how dare you injure the great Duriel?”

The fat “bug” shouted angrily. The hard shell on its right claw was shattered, and it was still bleeding. Duriel sensed that the person in the air was the person who injured it, so it immediately opened its mouth and attacked.

A devastating chilling energy was spurted out

It was one of the trump cards of Duriel – [Divine Freeze].

“Dirty bug, you are looking for death!”

The man in the air seemed to be injured by this. He shouted in fury as another energy sword chopped down from the sky. It cut off the left claw of Duriel, and more blood spilled onto the ground like snow.

Duriel was in serious pain; it rolled around and spurted out more chilling energy.

“Damn! This Duriel is still not this mysterious person’s match!”

After seeing this, Fei knew Duriel couldn’t stop this enemy for long. This boss was defeated by his level 40 Barbarian Character, so it was reasonable that it was no match for this enemy.

“Shit, you are asking me to use my most powerful technique!”

Fei cursed in his mind as he used [Summon] again. In the moment that the mysterious assassin was distracted by Duriel, Fei stepped into the blue portal and disappeared……

Escape!

At the moment when the portal disappeared, this mysterious assassin killed Duriel. This one of the four Demon Lord who was so impressive in Diablo World was killed like a pig after a brief moment.

“Huh? King of Chambord disappeared? How can you escape after being sealed by me?”

The man sneered as he stood in the sky and searched for the seal that he placed on Fei. However, his face changed color: “What is going on? Disappeared? I can’t sense it…… how? How can a little six-star warrior escape from my search?”

The assassin couldn’t wrap his head around it.

As he tried to do a deeper search, another powerful energy surge appeared as someone dashed towards this area from afar. The sensation of this energy was so powerful that even this mysterious assassin felt like he was no match for it.

“Oh? This sensation …… it should be that one on the mountain. Damn, how can he come this quick?”

The man’s expression changed again. Without finishing the deep search, he quickly dashed towards the Moro Mountains……

That powerful figure behind the man didn’t give up; he also went into the Moro Mountains.



* * *





Chapter 243




Chapter 243

Chapter 243: Unparalleled Talent (Part One)

Inside Diablo World.

Fei stood on the plain outside of Rouge Encampment as he heard the cold and mysterious voice tell him that his Barbarian Character had dropped from level 40 to level 39. After thinking back to what happened, he sweated even more.

If he didn’t summon Duriel in time to become a sandbag, he would be killed.

Although it didn’t cost anything to summon the NPCs from Diablo World into the real world, there were a lot of restrictions on summoning monsters.

These restrictions actually included two criteria.

One, the monsters that Fei can summon were the ones that died under Fei’s blades. If Fei didn’t defeat the monster or demon, he couldn’t summon it.

Two, Fei had to pay a number of experience points; the higher the level of the monster, the more experience points were charged.

Normally, this cost wasn’t unbearable. Summoning a [Fallen Sharman] or anything in that manner only cost about a few hundred points. However, the summoning of Duriel, one of the four Demon Lords, cost Fei 50,000 experience points.

Although it wasn’t much to a level 40 Barbarian since the amount of experience points needed to level up was in the millions, Fei just leveled up, which meant he had less than 50,000 points as a level 40 Barbarian. Therefore, he dropped in level.

“Have to re-train again.”

After thinking about the fact that the mysterious assassin could be looking for him, it would be dangerous for him to return to the real world. Therefore, after relaxing a little bit, he didn’t hurry back to Azeroth Continent.

Instead, he found Elena and send her to the real world via the skill [Summon] to tell his people that he was safe. Fei, on the other hand, went to [Tal Rasha’s Tomb], the location of the last quest in the second map [Lut Gholein], and tried to get his 50,000 experience points back.

Therefore, [Tal Rasha’s Tomb] which was covered with blood the day before was covered in blood again.

“Who……”

“AHAHA……”

“Puff……”

The screams of various monsters and demons filled the space.

Fully equipped with top-tier items, Fei swung his blades as the blood of the monsters covered his body. A thick blood mist formed a tornado on top of him, and anyone could sense the murderous spirit from afar.

“Sky Frost Fist …… uh, what should I name this strike?”

As Fei swung the two blades, a sword energy dashed out and hit a [Sand Maggot] two meters away. Although this strike didn’t seem to do a lot of damage to this heavy armored monster, it instantly fell into a deep state of unconsciousness.

This was exactly the strike that knocked the Fifth Executive Knight out of consciousness so Fei was able to throw him at the [Black Flame Snakes’ Kisses] of the Second Executive Knight. Normally, it was easy to defeat or kill a warrior on the same level, but it was at least four times harder to control the other warrior.

The reason why Fei was able to do it today was that of the effect of skill [Stun].

[Stun] allowed Fei to stunned an opponent for a short period, and that opponent couldn’t react to external conditions.

During today’s fight, Fei didn’t completely merge the effect of the stun into his Sky Frost Fist. He had level 2 Stun which could stun the target for a second, but the Fifth Executive Knight was only stunned for less than that.



Chapter 243: Unparalleled Talent (Part Two)

After another hour of fighting in Diablo World, Fei had finally completely merged [Stun] into his Sky Frost Fist. Now, he was even able to use techniques similar to the crystal fist m

ark by using blades; sword marks were able to be sent out to attack the enemies. This made Fei excited for a while.

“Eh, I will call this, the third strike of Sky Frost Fist – Sleeping Baby! Haha, the name is very accurate.”

After another two hours.

Tink!

A crisp and pleasing sound resonated around Fei’s ears.

A milky beam of light shone down from the sky and enveloped Fei. It instantly cleansed all the dirt and blood off of Fei’s body, healed all the wounds, and restored all the health and mana. Fei looked fresh and spectacular as if he was reborn.

After a series of killings, Fei regained the 50,000 experience points and re-leveled up.

“Eh, it is about time to check what is going on.”

Fei stopped the training for today.

The effect was there.

After the series of battles, Fei was able to use the skills and abilities of the Barbarian more smoothly in real battles. He was able to understand the variations of techniques and all aspect of the Barbarian. In fact, the level 40 Barbarian under his control dealt much greater damage than he remembered from his previous life.

This was related to Fei’s extraordinary talent.

Recently, Fei realized that his talent and intelligence in terms of cultivation was beyond the understanding of mankind.

For example, he used the traveling path of Zen Energy under Assassin Mode to create new techniques with the help of basic techniques on Azeroth Continent. He first thought that he was lucky to have the knowledge of his previous life and the Diablo World, but he slowly realized that it wasn’t that simple.

The real reason was that he somehow became a super genius.

An unparalleled genius.

He had been gifted a god-like comprehension, observation skills, and creative abilities.

It was pure talent.

This was discovered by him after facing a lot of powerful opponents.

He was sure that the real Alexander didn’t have this, and he didn’t have this in his previous life…… to put it another way, this talent was formed somehow after he got to Azeroth Continent through nurture.

This was really strange.

Fei was unease about it at first.

As if something strange happened and something didn’t belong there appeared in his body, Fei felt uncomfortable after the initial surprise. This came from the fact that he had limited knowledge of what was going on.

It was a human tendency.

Therefore, Fei tried hard to think through his experiences and tried to locate the source of this mystery.

After a while, he was able to focus on one explanation.

After he completed all the quests from the first map [Rogue Encampment], he got three miraculous skills from the ancestor altar: [Give], [Learn], and [Summon]. Among these skills, [Give] and [Learn] were tightly associated with this unexpected talent.

When Fei first got these three skills, he wasn’t happy.

These skills couldn’t instantly increase his strength and didn’t look cool. To Fei at that point, these rewards sounded flashy but weren’t as useful as a lot of experience points or better items.

But now, it seemed like Fei back then was an idiot.

Change of talent, ability to learn quicker and exceptional added creativity were real gifts! Levels, items, skill points were like garbage compared with these!

The three miraculous skills! They could even change something intangible like talent!

The effect was shocking!

Miraculous!

No wonder they were called miraculous skills!

Only skills with the effects of such degree could be crowned the name of Miraculous Skills!



* * *





Chapter 244




Chapter 244

Chapter 244: Purple Colored Skill Scroll (Part One)

Five minutes after in Diablo World.

“Huh? That’s right. There is a strange seal-like mark on your body…… This power is very strong, and it is deeply sealed into your conscious. However, it is also very small and couldn’t be detected easily.”

Inside Rogue Encampment, Priestess Akara who mastered all magic spells related to spiritual and healing carefully scanned Fei’s body and gave her opinion.

“Damn, I knew there is something wrong!”

Fei instantly knew where the problem was.

Somehow, that mysterious man left a mark on his body without him knowing, and that was why Fei couldn’t get away from the man even after he switched to Assassin Mode. It was because of the seal and not because that man was too strong.

It was terrifying. “A powerful warrior who can leave a mark on me without any trace…… how strong is he?” Fei was scared after thinking about it.

Fei suddenly realized that he was still too weak despite the recent increase in strength.

Although he defeated several Executive Knights of Zenit, shook all the noble families and affiliated kingdoms, and got a lot of fame, those Executive Knights were only Six-Star Warrior. Compared with the Moon-Class Elites and Sun-Class Lords who were able to move mountains and change terrains, they were too weak!

Also, Zenit Empire that Chambord had no chance of taking on was only a small level 1 Empire on the Continent. Even level 9 Empires on the continents can’t say that they were invincible. On the continent that was said that even the gods could fully travel, what kind of powerful existence could there be?

In comparison, he shouldn’t be proud just because he shocked people at Zenit.

After thinking about that, Fei’s blood boiled as he felt an unprecedented motivation.

“I have to increase my strength!”

A short-term goal – Advance to a Moon-Class Elite.

“Priestess, is there a way to get rid of this mark?”

After setting the goal for himself quietly, he focused back on the issue at hand. If he couldn’t get rid of the seal, it would be like a time-bomb on his body, and the controller was in the hand of the mysterious man. If that man wanted, he could be killed at any second.

“Eh, I can, but it will take a while.” Akara lowered her head, thought for a while, and gave an answer slowly.

“A while? How long exactly?” Fei asked again.

“Depends on your luck and attitude.”

A serious expression appeared on her face. Akara walked back into her small and ragged tent that was actually fancy and huge inside and returned with a book that was about five centimeters thick.

“This is a skill scroll that has no name.” She said as she passed it to Fei: “According to tradition, only the Supreme Leader of the camp can read it. You qualify for it. In legends, this book can increase the size of one’s consciousness and broaden it like a sea. However, it takes talent and luck to get the power in the scroll!”

Fei caressed the purple scroll in his hands.

It was a book that was decorated with vine shaped purple metals frames. The paper used was soft yet sturdy; Fei didn’t know what it was made of. However, it was really heavy; Fei felt like he was holding a piece of metal.

“Huh? Godly Scroll, empowerment and improvement of spiritual power?”

Fei saw the first sentence on the first page of the book. He thought of the possibility this book presented and got excited.

It was a really interesting book.

The characters were written with the blood of some creature that was really powerful. Despite the age of the book, the charact

ers were still in bright red as if they were still in the liquid form. The characters also contained a powerful energy surge; Fei’s fingers hurt as he touched these characters with his hands.

The book was written in an ancient language that was used in Diablo World. Thankfully that Fei study with Akara for the last while and learn about it; otherwise, he would be a real loser for not being able to read it.



Chapter 244: Purple Colored Skill Scroll (Part Two)

Fei was instantly attracted by the content of the book.

Soon, an hour flew by, and it was approaching the limit of the gaming time for the day. Fei thought about it and didn’t use up all the time; he left 20 minutes for emergencies. If he encountered that mysterious man again today, he could try to enter Diablo World to escape momentarily.

After all, the seal on his body wasn’t eliminated.

According to Akara, Fei’s spiritual power had an arbitrary level of 150. Only after Fei’s spiritual power level goes above 300, she and Cain would be able to get rid of the mark from Fei’s body by using the ancestor altar.

However, the book carried a mysterious power. If Fei brought it with him, it would be able to block off anything traces of the mark so he couldn’t be traced by the mysterious man.

Before leaving Diablo World, Fei switched to Druid Mode and summoned a raven. He sent the raven through the portal and made sure that the man had left, then he stepped back to the real world.

……

Four hours had passed, and it was already the evening.

Fei carefully sensed his surroundings and found that the man had left long ago. Without wasting more time, he walked back towards the campsite of Chambord.

When he was about 500 meters away from the campsite, he walked in a few big circles. After figuring out that there weren’t any traps, he walked in.

When he was at the gate, he suddenly laughed. If that man could sense the mark on his body, the man could trace him anywhere; there was no point in setting up traps. It seemed like he was really scared by the assassination, and he was over-reacting.

It wasn’t his fault.

Fei was really risk-averse. Although his recent behaviors looked arrogant and risky, they were all under careful calculations. After deciding on the strategy, he intentionally created the character of being like a mad-dog and confused a lot of people; it was actually a really clever protective tactic. However, since he didn’t know the reason for this assassination and where the man came from, he was more worried.

“Angela?”

Fei suddenly saw his fiancée by the side of the tent.

Angela was waiting by the stone pillar with a face full of anxiety and worry. Although she was wearing a furry coat, she was still shivering as the cold wind fluttered her long black hair.

She was obviously waiting for him.

Fei was heart-broken by the scene. He dashed forward and hugged the girl in front of him.

“Ah….. Alexander, you are back? Everyone in the area is talking about you……” Angela was surprised. But after she sensed the familiar warm body scent, she knew who it was. She hugged onto Fei as her racing heart finally returned to normal.

At the same time, both Fei and Angela didn’t notice a beautiful mercenary standing by the river and looking at the Moro Mountains from afar. Her valiant figure seemed to be merged with the scenery, and it felt a little lonely.

In Chambord’s campsite, the atmosphere was really cheerful.

All the soldiers were preparing the final details of the celebration.

Outside of the camp, many envious and respectful stares focused at Chambord. However, no one dared to walk within 100 meters of Chambord. After defeating the Executive Knights and shaming the two young genius, Fei was feared by many.

Inside the central tent, old Zola and young Modric walked in as Fei didn’t even have the chance to drink some water. They brought a shocking news.

“What??? Most of the important members of the superpowers who came and watched the duel today were killed? Got assassinated? What happened?” Fei was shocked to a great degree as he read the intelligence report.

“After the six Executive Knights, Matt Razi, and your majesty left the stage, a ton of assassins came from nowhere. They were all powerful, and they came so unexpectedly that the casualties were high. The old leader of Beag Family was instantly killed, and the genius mage of Dean Family, Dean Kazola, died on the way back to St. Petersburg after being severally injured. All other important figures were assassinated! Except for Beyonce who survived, almost everyone else died!”

Zola carefully described what happened to Fei after the duel.

After hearing everything, Fei thought: “Looks like I wasn’t the only one. It was more just one incident…… there is more to it……”



* * *





Chapter 245




Chapter 245

Chapter 245: The arrival of the Era of Chaos (Part One)

Fei didn’t expect such a huge incident would happen after he went into Diablo World to escape the assassination.

No wonder he felt like the atmosphere was a little weird after he returned to the real world. Almost everyone at the camp area was a little self-defensive. At first, Fei thought that the crazy-image he created made other people feel threatened, but now he knew the real reason.

Who planned such a horrifying operation?

Fei rubbed his temples as he had a headache just trying to comprehend the situation. How can there be a force in Zenit who dared to assassinate so many influential figures? They would become the common enemy of many.

Or…… “Could it be some people outside of Zenit?” Fei thought.

He felt like he caught on something, but he still can’t figure it out.

“How did St. Petersburg react after this?” Fei raised his head and asked.

“The three battle legions protecting the camp area started to move, and it felt like they are trying to surround the area and capture all the assassins. The most elite force – [Iron Blood Legion] had marched out of St. Petersburg and camped one kilometer away from where the affiliated kingdoms are at. Empire Yassin who is really ill at the moment was raged. Everyone thought that the empire would send this legion to the border in case the Spartax Empire invades, but the elder prince, Zenit’s God of War – Arshavin, and the second prince Dominguez were both ordered to investigate into what happened, and both of them were ordered to move independently……”

Old Zola gradually got into the zone as he explained concisely, and young Modric would jump in here and there to add more details. Slowly, the two of them got more and more compatible.

“Independently? Not restricted from each other?” Fei suddenly voiced. He smiled as he tapped the handle on his stone chair: “It sounds like the two princes are competing.”

“That’s right, your majesty. That’s what a lot of people are saying. It seems like the empire is trying to use this to see who shall inherit the throne. After all, they are the two most prominent candidates.” Old Zola analyzed: “It was heard that after the empire sent the order, almost all forces at St. Petersburg started to take their sides. After this assassination incident, the battle for the throne that occurred for more than a year now will finally be settled. All the nobles were getting anxious, and even the affiliated kingdoms started to make moves.”

This was old man Zola’s hidden reminder for Fei that Chambord was facing the same choices.

Of course, Fei got what Zola meant, however –

“We don’t have to hurry on this topic. The battle for the throne isn’t that simple. Also, the spot the affiliated kingdoms are in is different from the noble families. To us, we can wait quietly for the winner to appear. Even if some kingdoms what to take the bet, the ones who jumped too early are just gambling addicts.” Fei who had the secret cheat code wasn’t huge on getting more influence in the empire, and he was able to remain cool in a heated situation like this.

Both Zola and Modric were interested and talented in collecting of information, and they weren’t good at managing kingdoms. After seeing the king made up his mind, they didn’t say anything else.

“Right now, the atmosphere is really tense. The [Iron Blood Legion] of the elder prince and the people of second prince both made arrests here, and more than 1000 people were arrested today. Both of them established a curfew; no one is allowed to walk outside of their own campsite after evening…… a few groups of soldiers cam

e by to do searches. But after knowing that your majesty was here, they were all very polite. After some easy search, they all left.”

As Zola said that, both he and Modric looked at the man in front of them with admiration and proudness.

For a long time, Chambord was the one who was bullied and harmed. All the adjacent kingdoms were able to step on them easily. The status of people from Chambord was only a bit higher than slaves who lost their freedom, and killing a Chambordian wasn’t a crime in the empire; it was treated as if someone killed a stranded dog.



Chapter 245: The arrival of the Era of Chaos (Part Two)

But now, it was all different!

After Fei defeated four Executive Knights in front of tens of thousands of people, Chambord’s status changed drastically. Now, everyone greeted members of Chambord, and even the people from level 1 affiliated kingdoms had to give them respect. Even the soldiers of the empire that caused a lot of trouble and mess for almost all affiliated kingdoms had to be polite after knowing that this was Chambord’s camp.

After thinking about that, the Zola and Modric’s blood boiled in proudness. Right now, everyone at Chambord was feeling the same way.

Even the lowest grooms at Chambord could straighten their backs in front of the vicious soldiers.

This king was enough for them to go crazy.

This king was enough for them to die for.

“Oh, so the atmosphere here is like a zone of fear? A lot of people would get screwed over in this……” Fei signed. That couldn’t be prevented. It was only the beginning. In the next period, more crazy stuff was going to occur, and many more would be famed for political reason, and many people’s fates were about to change……

Fei had a feeling that the chaos was revealing itself, and a murderous bloody era had arrived.

In this era, the fates would be only controlled by the real powerful people.

The weak ones could only cry as life abandons them.

“What is up with the Byzantine Kingdom?” Fei suddenly thought about the young king who was similar to him.

“We followed your command sent by Ms. Elena a few hours ago. Mr. Cech had sent multiple soldiers to carefully monitor the campsite of Byzantine. The assassins didn’t effect Byzantine at all, and imperial soldiers were friendly towards them as well. In the last while, some ministers of affiliated kingdoms and members of noble families had visited the king…… everything seems normal.”

“Only these?”

“Three hours ago, the King of Byzantine and his finance came to visit you, your majesty. Because you weren’t here, Angela her highness handled them!” Zola suddenly remembered to tell Fei this.

Fei nodded.

“This young king of Byzantine is really good. He is smart, and his performance is not back.” Fei thought. He didn’t waste time helping the young man to get more exposure.

After finished reporting, Zola and Modric left the central tent in proudness as Fei looked at them with appreciation.

During their time at the mine pits in the Blackstone Kingdom, they used every opportunity to get information as they tried to help other people from Chambord survive in such terrible situations. Maybe they got it from being always in danger, this old man and the young man were really sensitive to information and had great analysis. They were drawn towards the job of figuring out the truth behind a large quantity of information, and they were trusted by Fe with handling the intelligence agency of Chambord. Only in half a month, they were able to demonstrate their surprising skills and abilities. Under their efforts, the intelligence agency of Chambord had its rough shape.

Soon, people like Cech, Torres, and Oleg all came into the central tent.

“Your majesty!” They single-kneeled.

“Get up.” Fei glanced at all of them as he nodded in satisfaction.

The strength of Chambord was growing every day. As leaders, these people’s progress was satisfactory; even the laziest of the bunch, Oleg, was approaching a high-tier three-star warrior. All the fat on his body condensed, and he looked a lot tougher.

“Is Uncle Lampard still not here?” Fei asked.

According to Elena’s information that she got from Chambord City, Lampard and the people he was leading should have arrived yesterday. But for some reason, they still weren’t here after a full day.

“It may be due to the snow on the way here; they might have to travel slower. Mr. Lampard is really strong; no one in the affiliated kingdoms on the way here can match him. Also, with Pierce, Drogba, 50 City Bylaw Officers and 25 Saint Saiyas, they could sweep the affiliated kingdoms on the way. No need to worry.” Cech analyzed.

“You are right.” Fei nodded.

At this moment –

The entryway to the tent opened as a guard rushed in.



* * *





Chapter 246




Chapter 246

Chapter 246: Aren’t You The Boss? (Part One)

“Your majesty, Mr. Lampard, Mr. Pierce, and Mr. Drogba are coming into the camp area with the troops. Mr. Lampard ordered me to come first and inform you with his message pigeon.” The guard said as he single-kneeled on the ground.

“Haha, great!” Fei laughed as he got up from his chair. “Let’s go and welcome them. After our troops are gathered, I will let those people who laughed at us to learn the lesson!”

Everyone in the tent got excited as they followed Fei out of the tent.

……

……

After a long way, Lampard, Pierce, and Drogba who led 50 Bylaw Enforcement Officers and 25 Saint Seiyas finally arrived at St. Petersburg.

The reason why they were two days late was that it snowed heavily when they got to Moro Mountains. The 50-centimeter snowfall blocked the thin and slippery path and made it more difficult to travel across. Even though the soldiers of Chambord weren’t weak, they had to stop and wait for the snow to melt down a little before moving. Finally, they were able to take more risk and get past the mountains.

Just like Fei and the people of Chambord who came here before, Lampard and the soldiers he was leading were stunned by what they saw.

The huge city, the soaring magic towers, the eleven towers at Imperial Knight Palace, the mountain like defense wall of St. Petersburg…… All of these structures only existed in the mind of hillbilly-like Chambordian; they didn’t know that these could be real. Lampard had a history that was unknown to many, so he acted normally. But Pierce, Drogba, and the 75 soldiers opened their eyes and mouths wide as they all lost speech.

“Only King Alexander fits to control this great city!” Drogba opened his mouth and said something that was shocking and offensive.

Pierce’s face changed color as he quickly put his hand over Drogba’s mouth.

Lampard’s expression also changed. He turned around and said to Drogba: “You better control your mouth more. If what you said was heard by other, do you know much trouble you would have caused for His Majesty?”

The tough man scratched his head and nodded quickly.

Although Drogba was usually careless, Lampard was a brother-like figure to the former king and was still the Number Two Warrior right after Fei. Everyone at Chambord was respectful towards Lampard despite him not having any formal titles.

The side of the mountain that was facing St. Petersburg was much flatter. Quickly, they got to the edge of the camp area.

“Stop! Who are you? Get off of your horses!!” The outer edge of the camp area was tightly guarded. As soon as the imperial soldiers saw the group, they warned.

There were less than four days until the beginning of the competition. Any kingdom that missed the competition without prior permission would be charged with treason. Therefore, all 250 affiliated kingdoms were all settled in the camp area already. Since a lot of influential figures were assassinated today, Lampard and others who just arrived looked very suspicious. Before their identity was verified, the imperial soldiers didn’t dare to slack off. The imperial soldiers surrounded the group as if they were being sieged by enemies.

Lampard was surprised to see this. He made a hand-gesture and signaled everyone he was leading to get off of their mounts.

“They must be related to the assassins! Arrest them all……” Suddenly, a captain-looking man shouted as he saw the mysterious yet power armors and the level 4 Roaring Flame Beasts. He got greedy and wanted to keep those for himself.

Events like this had occurred many times today. Arresting assassins was the excuses these military officials use

d to collect money for themselves.

The corruption at the empire was so severe that stuff like this seemed normal to everyone.

“Wait, there must be some misunderstanding. We are not assassins; we are the troop of an affiliated kingdom who was here already.” Lampard quickly explained.

However, the captain didn’t listen to this at all. He just hurried the soldiers and shouted: “Don’t let any one of them escape! Arrest them all! Get all their equipment and mounts. Kill anyone who dares to resist!”



Chapter 246: Aren’t You The Boss? (Part Two)

After hearing this, the imperial soldiers knew what the captain wanted. They laughed viciously as they drew their weapon and closed in.

Lampard frowned.

He already understood the situation as he looked at the captain’s eye and sensed the atmosphere. He was trying to come up with a way to get out of this situation.

“How dare you?” Both Pierce and Drogba were raged. Pierce shouted angrily: “We are from an affiliated kingdom and are here to participate in the competition! Who are you? How dare you try to arrest us like criminals?”

The captain only sneered and didn’t say anything back. He only hurried the soldiers.

“I don’t think you can!” Drogba also shouted.

He grabbed the huge axe from the carrier on his mount and stepped forward. A dangerous sensation came off of him and made the approaching soldiers freeze for a second. They looked back at the captain in hesitation. This man looked too vicious! Just the door-like huge axe was at least five to six hundred pounds, and it was being carried in this man’s hands like a straw!

“You guys dare to resist?” The captain sneered and said: “At this moment, the camp area is surrounded by the three battle legions, and there are more than a hundred thousand soldiers! How dare you raise your weapon against the soldiers of the empire? I can wait for you guys to attack first! Huh! When the warrant comes, even your king would be punished by Fire Execution!”

Lampard frowned even more upon hearing this. He turned to the troops and shook his head.

They weren’t scared of the battle legions, but they didn’t want to cause any trouble for Fei. To them, the reason why their king pushed Chambord forward and ramped up the strength was to soar in this competition and gain the most benefit for Chambord. Therefore, they didn’t want their recklessness to ruin their king’s plan.

“Put down the weapon and let them tie us up.” Lampard decided.

Both Pierce and Drogba made a “humph” sound as they put back their weapons; they were really mad. The Bylaw Enforcement Officers and Saint Saiyas also dropped their weapons. After seeing this, the imperial soldiers rush up and tied everyone up like a bunch of wolves. Anyone who dared to resist a little got beat. However, everyone from Chambord held back; they were telling themselves that they were willing to die for their king, let alone this level of shame.

The captain sneered and walked up. He patted Drogba’s face and laughed: “Dumbass, weren’t you very loud? Now? Haha, you will get a taste of regret…… Take off their armors!”

The imperial soldiers rushed up and quickly tried to strip the soldiers of Chambord; those armors really attracted a lot of attention.

“Stop! Bandits! These are the armors that our King of Chambord, King Alexander, rewarded to us! Don’t think of taking it off of me when I’m alive!”

Drogba and his peers couldn’t resist the anger anymore. Since they got the armors, they didn’t take the armors off this entire trip. They loved the armors so much that they would clean and oil them up regularly to maintain them. They all wanted to win honor and glory for their king during the competition, and they would never let these dirty imperial soldiers rob the armors away from them.

“Hahah, then I will kill you…… Rewarded by some unknown king of Chambord? Yuck!” The captain laughed out loud. However, he quickly saw the imperial soldiers around him looking at him with terrified expressions. A lightning instantly flashed through his mind and he thought of something. With a lot of stutters, he asked: “What? Who said that? What King? Chambord? King of Chambord?”

He was dumbfounded.

A chill went up his spines and shocked his brain, and he couldn’t help but tremble uncontrollably.



* * *





Chapter 247




Chapter 247

Chapter 247: A Beast That Is Showing Its Fangs (Part One)

“What? These people are under King of Chambord?”

After thinking about the mage genius of Dean Family and the princess-like Beyoncé from Beag Family who were both almost killed by that man, the captain felt like a chilling execution axe had been placed on his neck. “What will happen if I offended that mad wolf who even dared to beat the Executive Knights?” He thought.

“You……you……are really Chambordians?” The captain carefully asked with a shaky voice; the smile on his face looked worse than a sad expression.

Lampard was a bit confused by the rapid change in attitude, but he was able to make some rough guesses about why that was. After all, he had been through a lot of situations. He thought to himself: “The king have must have done something shocking. This captain who looked arrogant is now so worried as if his parents are dead.”

“Of course!” Both Pierce and Drogba who looked dumb but were actually very sly instantly stood straight and answered loudly.

“Ah……”

The imperial soldiers around them gasped; they felt like a thunderstorm was happening in their heads. Especially the captain, he almost collapsed onto the ground. He suddenly shouted at the imperial soldiers around him: “You idiots! Are your brains eaten by worms? How dare you tie up the subjects of King of Chambord? Do you all want to die? Quickly! Release them!!!”

After shouting, he couldn’t wait and smiled as he got close to Lampard, Pierce, and Drogba and tried to untie them himself.

“Ah, no need! Don’t worry!” Drogba got into the mood. He dodged the captain’s hand as he said with an angry expression: “I think this is good. Go ahead and strip away my armor so I can go to my majesty with a naked ass! I want to let his majesty know how his loyal subjects are being treated.”

“Yeah! Aren’t you so dominating a moment ago?” Pierce understood what was going on, and he wasn’t going to let this opportunity slide. He started to shout: “Brothers, let’s give the armors that our king gifted to us to them, and let them take away the Roaring Flame Beasts that his majesty fed personally. Aren’t we assassins? Hehe, let’s ask our king to come and get them back.”

The Bylaw Enforcement Officers and Saint Saiyas were all sly bastards, and they learned a lot from their king. Although they haven’t figured out what was going on, they hurried the soldiers around them to strip them since their leaders said so……

The imperial soldiers were put in an awkward position.

It was their fault at first; they were trying to use the excuse of arresting assassins to fill their own pockets. A lot of them were doing it, and the high-up officials would turn a blind eye to this…… But if they offended someone they shouldn’t have, they would be immediately punished. Since they were offending the King of Chambord, they could be immediately killed to calm the anger of that monster.

The soldiers all looked at the captain for a response.

The captain felt like crying.

Puff!

“It is all my fault……” The captain kneeled down on the ground and said with a terrified expression as if he was a criminal that was about to be executed: “Misters, I …… I shouldn’t have done it…… whatever you want as compensation, I will give it to you. Please…… please don’t let the King of Chambord know about this……” The captain reached into his pocket and took out all of his money as he said that. He begged as he pushed the money above his head.

This time, all

the soldiers of Chambord were shocked.

“This scared?” They thought.

“Did the king do something unimaginable when we weren’t here? Did he marry the elder princess and become the son-in-law of Emperor Yassin? Otherwise, why are all these imperial soldiers scared to this degree by his majesty’s name?”

Before they could react, all the imperial soldiers around them kneeled down as well.

They couldn’t do anything; the aggressiveness of King of Chambord was known around the area.

After the duel today, a lot of forces put King of Chambord in the category of people that they weren’t going to offend. Even the imperial soldiers were instructed not to offend the King of Chambord when searching for assassins…… If the soldiers here knew this group of people were the loyal subjects of the King of Chambord, they won’t offend them even if they had knives around their necks.



Chapter 247: A Beast That Is Showing Its Fangs (Part Two)

The Chambordians looked at each other confused.

Lampard frowned a little and turned to the soldiers: “Ok, then it will end here. We have lost some time on the way here, and we need to see his majesty quickly. Don’t forget, Mr. Brook and Mr. Bast have important messages that they want us to give to his majesty.” Lampard didn’t want the situation here to get out of hand. Although he wasn’t sure exactly what was going on, he knew that less trouble for Chambord was a good thing. Before they left Chambord, Both Brook and Bast said that the era of chaos was about to arrive, and being low-key was the way to survival.

“Ok, we will go easy on these vampires!” Everyone in the group listened to Lampard’s order.

Bam! Bam! Bam!

A series of muffled noises sounded as the Chambordians reflexed their muscles; without much effort, the robust ropes that tied them down were torn into pieces.

After seeing this, the imperial soldiers and their captain were even more scared. These ropes were made from the tissues of Demon Beasts, and they were prepared for tying up the assassins who were powerful. These ropes were hard to cut by blades, but they were broken by the men in front of them…… “God, who are they? Beasts in human skins?” They thought. “Their king is sick, and the loyal subjects are sick! WTF? What kind of people are they”

After taking the money from the captain, Drogba put everything into his pocket after counting. He then led the other Bylaw Enforcement Officers to search the pockets of other imperial soldiers. After all the money were seized, they jumped onto the Roaring Flame Beasts and charged towards the camp of Chambord.

The captain and the imperial soldiers sighed at the sight of this as if they just send away devils.

Finally……

Looking at their empty pockets, the captain and the soldiers wanted to cry. “Damn those Chambordians! Why are they so greedy?” They thought. All of their pockets were picked, and not a single copper coin was left.

……

……

After getting close to Chambord’s campsite, Lampard saw people like Fei, Cech, and Oleg who were waiting by the gate.

“Your majesty!” Everyone jumped off of their mounts to salute at their king.

“Haha, finally! Now, all of our men are united……” Fei laughed as he made a hand gesture to tell the men to relax. He glanced at his men and realized that a lot of them had improved in strength. Lampard was now a mid-tier Five-Star Warrior who possessed lightning elemental warrior energy; his cultivation speed was so fast that it seemed like he had lightning elemental warrior energy before. Both Pierce and Drogba advanced to the level of Three-Star Warrior, and all other soldiers who took [Hulk Potion] got stronger as well.

“Those are Chambordians? Those new faces looked strong……”

“Reinforcement? Surprising. How can a little level 6 affiliated kingdom have so many high-level warriors? That red-haired man with the huge black sword on his back is so powerful that I can’t even see through him…… how?”

“I thought only King of Chambord could win the individual competition and had limited threats, but it seemed like they have more hidden master warriors…… This competition is really the start of something big! At least the ten level 1 affiliated kingdoms could no longer control everything! Hahaha, interesting!”

The adjacent kingdoms noticed this, and they were terrified of Chambord’s strength.

Quickly, the news of reinforcement of Chambord and appearance of master warriors spread in the camp area. This sudden change surprised a lot of people. In a short time, their perception of the little level 6 affiliated kingdom changed many times. A lot of people sensed that a hidden beast was slowly revealing itself and its horrifying fangs!

Who was going to be the first sacrificial lamb for this beast that came from a remote place?



* * *





Chapter 248




Chapter 248

Chapter 248: Night Visit – Moro Mountains (Part One)

That night, there was a huge celebration party.

The fires lit up the nightly sky. Although the streets were empty due to the curfew established by both princes, it was really noisy and the atmosphere was really hyped inside the camp. Fire, wines, roasted meat, music, wrestling matches…… the Chambodians were expressing their joy and excitement freely.

Both the young king of Byzantine and his fiancée appeared in the party. When they visited Chambord this afternoon, they were both invited by Angela. Therefore, they made sure that they came before the curfew. However, due to the curfew, they had to stay at Chambord’s campsite for the night.

After the duel on the Sword-Testing Stage today, many people knew about the relationship between Byzantine and Chambord. They weren’t surprised to see Constantine and his fiancee.

However, there were some people who showed up surprisingly.

Most of them were from other affiliated kingdoms or representatives from big influential forces who wanted to get on the good side of Chambord. A lot of them actually already came during daytime; their gifts formed a mini-mountain in the central tent. But since Fei wasn’t present at that time due to the assassination, a lot of people paid high prices for limited Curfew Passes in order to get to know the king better.

“Cheers! For God of War!” People toasted.

“Cheers to King of Chambord! You can be named as the number one king among all affiliated kingdoms, and you are going to the number one warrior in the future…… Becoming the Martial Saint isn’t an impossible goal as well!” An elder noble who dressed fancily stood up and toasted. Instantly, people around him also raised their wine cup and toasted.

Then, they all looked at Fei for a response.

“For the God of War and our friendships!” Fei responded and chugged the wine in his cup.

“For the God of War and our friendships!” After seeing this, all the guests drank as well.

The ‘mad wolf’ image Fei created today on the stage by shaming Dean and Beag Family in front of tens of thousands of audience scared a lot of people; they were afraid that this King of Chambord was reckless and didn’t know how to handle situations. However, they were a lot more comfortable after this; after all, the king at least was able to show a kind gesture to all the guests.

Soon, the party came to a climax.

All the guests used this opportunity to present their gifts; they talked with Fei more and communicated the friendly will of their masters.

Fei chatted with these people friendly; the recklessness that he had during the battle was nowhere to be seen. He was in a black robe, and Angela was wearing a white dress beside him; together, they looked like a perfect match.

A lot of people in the Chambord military also got flattered.

People like Cech, Lampard, Pierce, Drogba, Oleg, and Torres were circled by people as they expressed their admiration and presented their gifts. Being effect by their king’s “greedy” mentality, they all took the gifts without hesitation. The four orphans from Hot Spring Gate were also being treated very well. Although they didn’t have much power and didn’t have any official positions, they were the disciples of the king. Actually, they became the most popular people that the guests wanted to talk to! Perhaps it was because the guests thought the kids were more gullible.

“Your majesty, I forgot to tell you something earlier, my bad!” Seeing Fei returning to his seat, old Zola walked up to Fei and whispered.

Fei waved his hand and an invisible force surrounded him and Zola; all the sounds were isolated.

“Wha

t do you want to tell me?”

Fei gestured Zola to sit down beside him. The information that Zola thought was important at this time must be serious.

“About fifteen minutes after the duel, thunder-like loud noises sounded in the Moro Mountains far away. Some people reported that they saw something unimaginable – some mountains collapsed and disappeared. It was rumored that huge energy surges appeared in Moro Mountains; the energy level was far beyond the level of star warriors. If there weren’t two top-tier Demon Beasts fighting, there must be two masters fighting…… The noises continued for about another fifteen minutes before calming down. For some reason, Zenit reacted fast. A lot of warriors were sent to lock down the area, and huge magic arrays were put in place to prevent the residual energy from spreading. A lot of people in the camp area are saying that an assassin that is a moon-class elite warrior was discovered and killed by the Martial Saint – Krasic……”



Chapter 248: Night Visit – Moro Mountains (Part Two)

This news surprised Fei a lot.

……

……

It was midnight, and the moon hung in the middle of the sky.

This celebration party that was so loud that the entire camp area could hear finally ended.

People started to rest and sleep.

The camp area quieted down, and the moonlight shone on the surface of the continent. The only sounds that could be heard were flags fluttering in the wind.

At this time –

A shadow suddenly dashed out of the central tent and headed towards Moro Mountains.

This figure was so light and fast that zero noise was made. Under the cover of the darkness, none of the imperial soldiers who were patrolling the area discovered him. In less than five minutes, the figure dodged all the scouts and disappeared into the Moro Mountains.

After twenty minutes.

“It should be here. I can sense some energy surge…… Eh? Is that…… the site of the battle?” Standing on the peak of one of the hills, Fei looked far ahead.

What he could see was a huge pit that was more than five square kilometer big, and there were rocks of all sizes inside the pit; it was clear that those rocks were parts of mountains before. After having a closer look, Fei discovered that there was sand like dust all around the pit; they were rocks that got ground into dust by the powerful energies. Fei could tell that this was caused by the battle between master warriors and not Demon Beasts.

“Huss……” Fei gasped as he judged: “Destroy Mountains that covered the area of five square kilometers…… star level warriors couldn’t achieve it…… Both parties must be Moon-Class Elite Warriors, but whether they are on the level of New Moon, Crescent Moon, Half Moon or Full Moon, it is hard to tell!”

Fei still wasn’t sure who exactly the two moo-class elite warriors were, but somehow he suddenly thought about the person who was trying to assassinate him today. Fei’s intuition told him that one of them was that mysterious man.

“I need to get closer!”

Fei wanted to figure it out, so he dashed towards the pit under his Assassin Mode. Since he chugged a [Stamina Potion] before leaving the camp, his speed was a lot faster than normal.

“Eh? Wait, magic array!”

Fei’s expression changed.

He sensed the surging magic power in front of him. The magic power was so terrifying that it felt like a chaotic black hole. The magic power rotated, and everything in front of it was torn to pieces. Fei’s level 36 Assassin wasn’t strong enough to deal with this force; it was fortunate that he sensed it just before getting pulled in, so he quickly dashed backward to avoid the death.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

A fire element magic power erupted, and all the rocks that Fei just stepped on turned to lava as a ton of fire appeared out of nowhere.

Fei stopped twenty meters away as he patted his chest. If his reaction speed didn’t increase under assassin mode, he would be the one that was turned into lava.

Just that fire alone was more powerful than a Six-Star Warrior.



* * *





Chapter 249




Chapter 249

Chapter 249: A Surprising Find (Part One)

Fei instantly got more cautious. He knew that these magic arrays were probably placed by the high-level mages of Zenit.

Fei switched to Sorceress Mode and slowly walked up to where one of the magic arrays was placed. He then closed his eyes and tried to sense the magic elements in the air.

Under the buff from the level 7 Green Set Item [Arcane’s Tricks], his Sorceress Character was now level 39, and this character was almost as powerful as the level 40 Barbarian. Under this mode, Fei’s sensitivity to the Fire, Water, and Lightning elements were a lot greater than the mage genius in this world. Especially after the obscene old man Cane had discovered the similarities and differences between the magic of the real world and Diablo World, Fei’s understandings about Magic Arrays was on the level of semi-professionals. After all, he learned a lot from Akara and Cane.

With the high sensitivity and semi-professional level understanding, Fei was able to slowly draw out the Fire Elemental Magic Array in his head after feeling out how the array was created.

“This is a Six-Star Fire Elemental Defensive Magic Array…… there is…… forty-five magic pathings……Eh? Wait, there are forty-seven. Such an advanced technique. I almost got tricked by it!”

Fei got more surprised as he observed the array closer. The person who created this array was on another level.

Although Fei was able to understand the array, he was unable to re-create the same array with his current skills.

Understanding and creating were two completely separate things.

“……Eh, there are more arrays. One…… two…… five…… ten…… There are more than fifteen arrays of different varieties? They completely protected the scene…… Such a big investment. To complete all of these arrays, there need to be more than six mages who are at least six-stars, and a lot of magic gems are required. Eh? Why does the empire want to cover this place up? Are they scared that someone might discover something?”

Fei instantly thought of a lot of things.

“Are there secrets in this debris?” He thought.

Fei felt like he needed to go into the battlefield to discover more.

It was fortunate that there weren’t more defensive tactics put in place. It seemed like the person who was in charge of guarding this place thought it was safe enough with these magic arrays and didn’t leave any warriors or mages behind. On top of that, there were a lot of demon beasts in Moro Mountains, so they would sometimes trigger the magic arrays. Therefore, no one came to check it out after Fei triggered one of them.

After Fei circled around the battlefield carefully, he found the weakest link between these magic arrays. Fei spent more than twenty minutes to sense this arrays and break it down in his head. He carefully examined every magic pathing…… Finally, his eyes shone as he found a way to avoid triggering the array.

The theory was simple.

The existence of Magic Arrays to Fei were complicated electrical circuits. Every single pathing was like a wire, and they together formed a complex system. But If Fei was able to dodge these “electrical wires” and avoid getting shocked, he would be able to get through them. To mages, detecting and dodging all the magic pathings was very difficult, but it wasn’t impossible for Fei who could activate Sorceress Mode as long as the “wires” weren’t dense.

The Six-Star Water Elemental Array – [Ice’s Anger] was just simple enough for Fei to get through.

Fei calmed himself down, adjusted his mentality, and got into the zone. He then slowly tiptoed forward like

a field engineer who was trying to get around the land mines on the ground. He was walking in a path that was strange and random; he looked like a man who was drunk. He would walk forward for a step, take three leaps back, turn left, jump around……

If the mage who set up this array was seeing this, he or she would be shocked.

Fei’s movement and timing perfectly avoid every magic pathing at the right moments. If he was any faster or slower, or if he moved at the wrong angle, he would trigger the entire array.



Chapter 249: A Surprising Find (Part Two)

It was a dance on the blades.

It was like having an intimate moment with the Grim Reaper.

Finally, Fei got through this magic array in about one hour.

In the hour, Fei was able to accurately dodge the complicated and dangerous magic pathings completely; it was a new record on Azeroth Continent. After all, no one had done anything like this before.

“Damn…….hu………”

Fei sat on the ground as he breathed heavily. Sweat covered his forehead as if he just got out of the water. He was so tired that his head felt like it was getting poked by numerous needles whenever he used his brain.

Fei felt more tiring than after battling the four Executive Knights.

In the last 60 minutes, Fei had to concentrate and make sure that his bodily coordination was on point….. Keeping his body under this high tension for an hour was more demanding than battling an army of soldiers for a month. If Fei’s skills didn’t come from Diablo World, he probably couldn’t even last for ten minutes.

The exhaustion in terms of spiritual energy made Fei really sleepy. He felt like his limited spiritual energy was completely used.

“Need to recover for a moment!” After chugging down a bottle of Healing Potion and a bottle of Mana Potion, Fei didn’t sense any recovery of his spiritual energy. Instead, Fei sat down on the ground and used the methods in the book that Akara gave him today to enhance his spiritual energy.

Spiritual energy was a really interesting subject.

In line with his memory from the previous life, the Sorceress character’s ability only related to the mana. Fei’s spiritual energy didn’t increase at all since he came to Azeroth Continent. Because of that, he was only able to stay in Diablo World for four hours every day. After Fei got the purple skill scroll from the ancestors of Rogue Encampment, he was able to make some progression despite the slow speed. With hard work and consistency, Fei felt like one day, he could be able to live in Diablo World for 24 hours if he wanted to.

After twenty minutes.

Hu———–!

Fei opened his eyes and exhaled. All of his fatigue went away.

“Eh, feeling a lot better…… Hugh?” Fei was a little surprised. He found that his spiritual energy actually increased quite a bit! His level of 200 increased to 210 after this meditation…… The progress he made in the 20 minutes was far beyond the all the progress he made in Rogue Encampment.

“What happened?”

Fei thought.

He was only able to come up with one explanation – He used all of his spiritual energy when he was getting through the magic array; he was depleted of all of the energy. Under this extremely depleted zone, he was able to make more progress when using the methods from the purple skill scroll.

After thinking about that, Fei’s eyes shone.

He realized that this was a great tactic, and he could be able to skyrocket his spiritual energy. This way, he would be able to stay in Diablo World for longer, and he would be able to increase his strength even faster! It seemed like his goal of becoming the Moon-Class Elite Warrior could be achieved.

The discovery came unexpectedly.

Fei slowly calmed himself down after this great finding.

He switched to Barbarian Mode and started to carefully go around the battleground.

Terrifying residual power was still surging in the air; it was the aftershock of the two warriors. These residual energies slowly shifted around the area like waves in an ocean…… Fei quickly made a few discoveries – out of the two distinct warrior power, one of them belonged to the mysterious assassin who tried to kill him.



* * *





Chapter 250




Chapter 250

Chapter 250: River of Blood (Part One)

Dark clouds slowly moved from the east and covered the huge battlefield from the moon.

The chilly wind mixed with the terrifying cries of demon beasts was really frightening. The powerful magic arrays around the huge battlefield were triggered regularly as the unlucky low-tier demon beasts walked by; they were either burned to ashes or froze into ice cubes.

Like a phantom, Fei was able to wander around the battlefield freely. He started from the west end of the battlefield and moved towards the center.

Out of nowhere, sharp and powerful warrior energy would suddenly appear and struck by irregularly. Whatever they hit were exploded into pieces, and the dust was getting everywhere…… They were the residual warrior energy left by the two master warriors. The two warriors were so powerful that some of their attacks were frozen in space, and these saved attacks would reactivate randomly like time-bombs. Contained within them, the power of one full blow was able to easily take out a six-star warrior if he or she wasn’t careful.

Fei was only able to get around under Barbarian Mode when he was very sensitive to danger. He could sense where the residual warrior energies were and avoid them all together.

“Both of them came from the west. One of them was running, and the other was chasing. The chaser caught up with the runner here and they had to battle it out……”

“The one who was running was the person who tried to kill me……”

“Terrifying power! Any of their strikes were able to break mountains…… the mountains and hills in a two to three-kilometer radius were all shattered. Numerous numbers of animals and beasts didn’t even get the chance to escape…… they were all buried alive here……”

“They residual energy consolidated and froze in the air. The fist and sword spirit are able to maintain themselves in the space like my fist marks. This is on another level!”

“They didn’t battle for long…… they were done in less than ten minutes……”

“Huh? Looks like the assassin who wants to kill me got injured; severely injured…… his presence got really weak…… less than six-star…… Huh? It seemed like he used some secret techniques to get away alive!”

“Who was the person that injured that assassin to this degree? This chaser didn’t chase after that assassin after this point……”

Fei was able to roughly tell what happened by sensing the residual energies left by the two master warriors. Just like an experienced hunter who was able to tell what happened by looking for traces around him or her, Fei’s Barbarian instinct was able to tell him a story about what happened around here half a day ago.

The fact that assassin lost was a great news for Fei.

At least for a while, that terrifying assassin won’t be able to go after him with that level of injury. Fei had gotten quality time to improve his own strength and set up tactics and traps.

“Who is that assassin? Why is he after me?”

“Who defeated him? Why did that person go after the assassin?”

Those were the questions that bothered Fei the most.

After spending more time going around the battlefield and looking for more traces, the conclusions were still pretty much the same.

It was getting really late and Fei decided to leave.

Using the same tactic, Fei switched to Sorceress Mode and danced with the Grim Reaper again. Using the weakest link in the arrays, Fei carefully got out of the battlefield like a tired dog.

Just like last time, his spiritual energy was depleted.

He swit

ched to Assassin Mode and set up some magic traps around him. After switching to Sorceress Mode, he started to train his spiritual energy according to the purple skill scroll.

After 20 minutes, Fei opened his eyes out of satisfaction; his spiritual



Chapter 250: River of Blood (Part Two)

As days went by, it got colder and colder.

The snow that fell from the sky two days ago wasn’t going to melt soon. What made the people even colder was the bad news.

It had been a few days since the assassination incident, but both princes weren’t making satisfactory progress. The “white terror” was still clouding above everyone’s head. People were being arrested every day.

At this critical time, both princes used extreme tactics.

The imperial soldiers were authorized to arrest anyone who they suspected, including the royalties of the affiliated kingdoms including the kings themselves; the soldiers were ordered to arrest the kings when appropriate.

This cruel and “no-one-can-escape” policy had some effects.

On the third day after the assassinations, the identities of the assassins had been confirmed. They were all warrior from the enemy empire – Spartax Empire. They were sent into Zenit long time ago; some of them sneaked into St. Petersburg whiles others were connected with six affiliated kingdoms that were from different levels. After those kingdoms had their treason charges proven, everyone from those kingdoms in the camp area was executed; from the kings to the servants. They were decapitated and their heads were displayed on spears to deter other kingdoms from doing the same thing.

What was interesting was that each of the princes identified three kingdoms. In another word, the two princes matched each other in the first-round.

This result made the supporters of the two princes anxious. Emperor Yassin was getting more ill, and he could kick the bucket at any time. Since there wasn’t enough time for the players of the game, they were fighting among themselves more aggressively.

Slowly, the operation of clearing assassins changed the flavor, and a lot of people couldn’t understand it anymore.

In a short time, cruel killings had been spreading from the camp area into St. Petersburg. From the information the two princes got, some of the noble families in St. Petersburg was also involved in this…… that was why the assassins were able to clearly locate the position of the influential figures of the empire. Therefore, blood started to stain the ground of the capital as well.

Soon, numerous heads were placed on display on the defense wall of St. Petersburg.

Out of the people who were killed, some of them were still very powerful and wealthy a day before. But now, they didn’t even die in one piece, and they were turned into sacrificial lambs between the fight for the throne.

However, what surprised everyone was that the trace-less Spartax assassins got crazier after the cruel punishments Zenit had been placing on them and their leads. They re-appeared and started the second wave of assassination –

The next leader of Garo Family who controlled the [Blizzard Legion] was assassinated!

The only son of the Finance Minister of Zenit was assassinated!

The military headquarter of Zenit was attacked, and more than a hundred officials died!

The elder princess Tanasha was attacked and almost killed by the assassins!

In a short time, those assassins targeted the influential figures and their families as if they wanted to get their revenge. Although their success rate wasn’t that high, they were able to make everyone at St, Petersburg live in fear; the people were all worried that they would be targeted next.

Under the challenging circumstance, both princes had asked permission from Emperor Yassin to delay the competition between all affiliated kingdoms.

This suggestion was taken by the emperor.

It was the first time that the competition was delayed in twenty years.

Other than the six affiliated kingdoms that got wiped, the other affiliated kingdoms were ordered to stay where they were. Any kingdom that moved without permission would be charged with treason and executed on the spot.

At the same time, Imperial Knight Palace started to make their appearance in this operation under the permission from Emperor Yassin.

The atmosphere around the camp got even more terrifying.

Rivers of blood were being formed every day.

However, everything happening around the camp didn’t affect Chambord at all.

Under the leadership of their captains, the Bylaw Enforcement Officers and Saint Seiyas were using this time to improve their strengths. The main officials like Oleg and Torres had also been practicing crazily.

Except for going into Diablo World to level up, Fei had been visiting the protected battlefield in Moro Mountains. He went through the magic arrays multiple times every day just to train his spiritual energy more effectively.

After six days, Fei was finally able to increase his daily gaming time in Diablo World from four hours to four hours and ten minutes.

power increased again to level 220.

“Hahahahaha…… maybe in less a month, I will become a Moon-Class Elite Warrior!”

Fei put away the magic traps around him and roared. As the demon beasts on the Moro Mountains howled back as a response, Fei turned into a shadow and quickly disappeared.

It was an hour away from the dawn.

Otherwise, Fei would try to go through the magic array a few more times and use this extreme tactic to improve his spiritual energy.



* * *





Chapter 251




Chapter 251

Chapter 251: Entering the Capital at Night (Part One)

The military exercise among the affiliated kingdoms had been put on hold, and the search for the assassins from Spartax Empire got more ferocious.

Since the identity of the assassins was identified, the two empires all went into battle modes. Spartax Empire that had 100,000 soldiers around the border started the first small initiation, and Zenit defended against it. Two empires battled around the first and most important city on the border – Razor City…… every day, numerous white letters were sent into the Military Headquarter at Zenit like snow, and the War Machine got cracked up.

However, any information about the situation around the border was locked, and regular people couldn’t know what was going on.

One thing the regular people did know was that sh*t was about to go down; they felt a pressure that they hadn’t felt for a long time.

On the seventh night when Fei was instructing his four disciples from Hot Spring Gate on assassination skills, Torres came in and said that a mysterious visitor was here to see him.

Fei laughed. He knew who that was as soon as that person stepped into the camp.

“Ms. Paris, I haven’t seen you in so long. I thought you forgot about our deal.” Fei smiled as he looked at the beautiful girl who was walking into the camp. Fei didn’t stand up from his throne but rather hand gestured the guest to grab a sit.

“Giggles…… Alexander, you name is now well-known around the capital after the duel. Numerous people want to meet you, and it is hard to squeeze in. I only came after I got courageous; I was afraid that I couldn’t be let in.”

Paris was always in the same outfit; long white robe and a fresh rose in her hand. The contrast between the while and the red seemed to notify the people around her about her contradicting personalities. She was a cruel strategist that everyone feared, but she was also a passionate and intimate friend. This girl was smooth at switching between different characters and emotions.

Fei was used to this girl’s tricks so he wasn’t fooled.

At this time, the entrance to the tent opened, and Emma poked her head in. After seeing Paris, her face changed color. Like a furious little bird, she walked into the tent while dragging someone along with her.

The tent was lit up as this person came in.

It was Angela.

The girl looked a bit nervous. She looked at Fei with a little apologetic feel to it as she tried to pull her hand out of Emma’s hand.

After seeing this, Fei immediately knew what was happening – Emma had thought about something else when she saw a beautiful figure walking into the central tent. She dragged Angela here to catch Fei “cheating”. Even after finding out she was wrong, she still dragged Angela into the tent as a way of telling Fei “You have a wife, don’t fool around!”

Fei found it funny how little Emma was looking at him with a stubborn expression.

“Wow, you are so cute!” Paris was really intelligent. She knew what was going on and quickly smiled at the two girls intimately. She took out some precious gifts from nowhere and gave it to the two girls as an apology for what happened on the Peak of East Mountain at Chambord.

At first, little Emma didn’t buy it. However, Paris was on another level. She knew that little Emma was a nice girl who looked tough on the surface. Paris started to explain how she was also an orphan when she was young and got bullied all the time, as well as how she was rescued by the second prince Dominguez and got involved in the cruel politics to pay Dominguez back. She also indirectly conveyed the idea that she wasn’t here for King Alexander but to help Chambord take out B

lood-Edge Mercenary Group……

Fei was stunned on the throne.

He was able to see from the outside how this Paris was able to quickly dissolve the hostility between them. Soon, the three girls were chatting with each other like long-lost sisters……

“No wonder Tanasha told me that you were in a very tough situation before.” Angela sighed as she felt very sympathetic towards Paris.

“Huh? Elder Princess said that?” Paris asked as she was a little surprised.

“Yeah……” Angela ordered the servants to bring up wine and fruits, and she started to treat Paris; it was a sign that she was seeing Paris as a friend.

Soon, the topic went back to the reason why Paris was here.

“As you requested, I have arranged everything. Tonight at midnight, you can bring a maximum of ten people with you into St. Petersburg, and you only have two hours to deal with Blood-Edge Mercenary Group. After two hours, you need to leave whether or not you have wiped them……” Paris told all Fei all her arrangements despite the fact that Angela and Emma were still there.

This straightforward attitude made a better impression of her in Angela and Emma’s mind.

“Two hours is enough!” Fei knew about the strength of Blood-Edge very well, and he had plans of his own.



Chapter 251: Entering the Capital at Night (Part Two)

……

It was the evening.

There were only a few people walking in the camp area since most of the people went back to their campsite and waited for the beginning of tonight’s curfew. After experiencing the “white terror” for some time now, everyone here got used to it; they knew they would survive if they were obedient and behaved properly.

A team of 50 imperial soldiers quietly entered Chambord’s camp under the cover of the darkness.

In less than ten minutes, 50 imperial soldiers quickly left the camp.

They caused no issues. The Imperial Patrol was a force under the Second Prince’s control, and the Imperial Patrol was one of the main forces who was investigating the assassination incidents. Even though the King of Chambord’s name was so well-known, Chambord still needed to be searched every day. However, that was more like an act; no one dared to cause a mess at Chambord’s campsite like they did to other kingdoms.

These 50 soldiers didn’t catch anyone’s attention.

After leaving Chambord, they didn’t search other kingdoms; they cut through the camp area directly and passed through layers of inspections between the camp area and St. Petersburg. After successfully entering the South Gate of St. Petersburg, they disappeared into the darkness like a water droplet in an ocean.

……

It was a full moon night.

“Your majesty, those red structures up ahead is the headquarter of Blood-Edge. 80% of their strength and wealth are concentrated here. Especially after the assassinations from Spartax Empire, most of the forces in Zenit had concentrated their power; Blood-Edge did the same. Tonight, all of the high-level people in Blood-Edge are here.”

The six-floor pub that they were in was one of the locations in St. Petersburg that Dominguez had control of, and it was the tallest building around this area. After walking up the stairs onto the fourth floor, Fei was able to get a good elevated view of the area and Blood-Edge. After listening to the henchmen of Paris explaining the details to him, Fei was able to complete his plans.

“Alright, I got it. Thank you for your help, mister.” Fei nodded.

“Your majesty had shocked the empire, and it is my honor to help you tonight.” The red-bearded officer from Imperial Patrol said: “According to the plan, you are able to take action after fifteen minutes. Ms. Paris asked me to tell you that Blood-Edge is one of the top mercenary groups around, and they are stacked with wealth. If your majesty is able to wipe them out, Chambord would be able to get 30% of the share!”

“30%” Fei frowned a little.

But he soon understood why.

It was impossible for him not to disturb the numerous patrolling soldiers and high-level warriors who were guarding the area; after all, the Empire was under the strict monitoring and guarding mode. Also, it was rumored that Blood-Edge had the support of a superpower – Fellon Family. Under such circumstance, Paris must have negotiated some kind of terms with all these other superpowers to get him two hours of free time. After looking at it from this perspective, 30% of the total trophies was huge.

“Sounds good.” Fei nodded.

The red-bearded officer looked calm after hearing this, but he was a little surprised.

It was the first time he met the famous King of Chambord. He heard that this king was super strong, and he thought this king must be arrogant and unwise since Chambord was so remote. But now, his respect for Fei grew higher as he thought: “There are no scammers under such big fame.”



* * *





Chapter 252




Chapter 252

Chapter 252: Have to Wipe Them Out (Part One)

[Red Beard] – Granello was one of the key henchmen of the Second Prince Dominguez; he controlled more than half of the forces at Imperial Patrol.

Although this tough looking man didn’t have the influence and the intelligence Paris had, he was quite a character in St. Petersburg with his five-star fire elemental warrior energy and a smooth social skills. He was technically only under Paris in terms of status on Dominguez’s side, and many people in St. Petersburg had to greet him with respect.

People at St. Petersburg had already forgotten when this Red Beard came into the politics.

The only thing that the people could recall was that this tough man was standing behind the Second Prince when Dominguez was summoned back to St. Petersburg by Emperor Yassin; at that time, a lot of ministers were against summoning back the Second Prince who still had the identity of a love-child. Back then, this guard standing behind the Second Prince didn’t catch anyone’s attention; after all, even the Second Prince at the time were looked down at by a lot of people.

Six years ago, there were eleven main battle legions in Zenit.

However, the commander of the eleventh legion mocked the Second Prince Dominguez who just came back to St. Petersburg for less than one month when they were at a party; they were fighting over a beautiful female slave. What people remembered from that was the red beard; the red-bearded guard cut off the head of this drunk commander to protect his master, and everyone remembered him ever since.

That chop made the a battle legion of 50,000 soldiers disappear.

That chop turned the former eleven battle legions into ten battle legions.

No one knew what Emperor Yassin was thinking at the time, but this guard who killed that commander didn’t get punished; instead, he was rewarded by Emperor Yassin three days after for bravely protecting his master and got promoted. After that, he soon gained control of the Imperial Patrol and became the second most fear character under Dominguez.

Of course, the number one most feared character was the female slave that people were fighting over – She was Paris.

After a year, people in the capital started to address her as the [Demonic Woman].

At St. Petersburg, [Demonic Woman] Paris was the only person who was able to match up against [Zenit’s God of War] Arshavin and [Goddess of Intelligence] Tanasha.

The family the eleventh legion commander was also getting pressured by their foes in the empire, and Emperor Yassin turned a blind eye to it. Soon, that family only existed in the history. After that incident, people got one thing straight; Emperor Yassin really liked his second son! And it wasn’t impossible for the emperor to give the throne to him!

Since then, Dominguez became one of the most influential people in Zenit with the help of [Red Beard] and [Demonic Woman], and he was the only rival for Arshavin in terms of the race for the throne. Under this fact, a lot of noble families at St. Petersburg jumped onto his ship and supported him in the fight for the throne.

……

……

Today, [Red Beard] personally helped Fei and his men to get into St. Petersburg under Paris’ instruction.

One reason for this was to ensure the plan was executed properly.

Another reason for this was that [Red Beard] Granello was very curious about Fei. He wanted to see for himself; he wanted to see what kind of person this king, who dared to fight anyone, was. A hidden dragon who was about to soar into the sky? Or a lizard who could just spite some fire.

Now, Granello knew.

Of course, Fei didn’t know that this normal-looking red-beard guard was the fearful [Red Beard] who controlled Imperial Patrol; Old Z

ola’s intelligence report told him that there was such a character.

After expressing his thanks, Fei didn’t hesitate to ask them to leave politely.

Granello didn’t get mad; he left with his men in a friendly manner.

After that, only Lampard, Cech, Torres, Oleg, Pierce, Drogba, and three other strongest Saint Seiyas were in the room – of course, there was the singled eyed tough man who had his limbs broken and mouth stuffed.

This man was one of the six top warriors at Blood-Edge; he was captured by Fei a few days ago at the campsite of Byzantine.



Chapter 252: Have to Wipe Them Out (Part Two)

Compared to twenty days ago, this man looked a lot thinner, but vicious lights still flashed in his eyes. Fei could tell that this man hated him dearly.

“I said that I will let you witness how I destroy Blood-Edge. The day has finally arrived. I didn’t let you wait for too long!” Fei kicked the cloth away from the man’s mouth and sneered with a murderous intent in his words.

The man started to struggle and shout loudly.

“There is no use, no one will come to save you……” Fei said subconsciously. After he said that, he felt like it could be misunderstood into something obscene, so he quickly followed up: “This room had already been set up with noise-canceling arrays. Even if you smash all the things in here, your peers won’t hear it!”

“King of Chambord, don’t get ahead of yourself. There are a ton of powerful warriors at Blood-Edge, and we are backed by one of the superpowers at Zenit – Fellon Family. What can a small level 6 Affiliated Kingdom do to us?” After understanding the situation, desperation crept into the man’s eyes. However, the words that came out of his mouth sounded even more ferocious.

Pia!

Tough Drogba was direct and forceful. He smashed the man’s face, and blood spilled everywhere. The man’s cracked jawbones got smashed into pieces.

Fei, on the other hand, switched to Barbarian Mode, and powerful physical strength was endowed onto his body.

At the next moment, his face changed color. He sensed that there were a lot of powerful warriors hidden around the headquarter of Blood-Edge. There were four or five groups, and they seemed to be from difference forces; they were all waiting for something.

“These people must be from the forces that Paris made deals with. They wanted to use me to wipe out Blood-Edge and divide the wealth.”

Fei thought about it and realized this was a rare opportunity.

“This time, no one needs to hold back. Bring out all your strength, and use the Star Saint Sets I gave you when necessary! I need you to lock all the possible exits of their headquarter and don’t let anyone escape! I will let these people pay for what they did to Chambord!”

Fei’s clear and murderous words sounded by everyone’s ears.

……

……

“Leader, we got it. The murder of the northern slave capture team is related to King Alexander of Chambord, and the man who killed Blood-Edge members in the camp area is also him!”

In the bright stone palace lit up by torches, numerous shadows moved as the fires flickered.

One person kneeled on the ground as he passed on the message.

“King Alexander of Chambord…… that little king of level 6 affiliated kingdom who defeated the Executive Knights? Huh…… if it is really him, then this situation might get a little messy……” A mid-aged man who was wearing a dark blue cape made from the skin of a Demon Beast wondered as he rubbed the handle of the throne he was sitting on; the throne was decorated with two lion statues.

“According to the information we gathered from the Blackstone Kingdom, it could be that we have captured too many slaves who were from Chambord.”

“Getting on the wrong side of Blood-Edge because of some slaves? What a dumb reason…… Looks like this King of Chambord is very naive. He is an idiot! No wonder he dared to anger half of the Executive Knights…… Eh, even if a man like this got a lot of strength, he couldn’t do much with it. Looks like I overestimated him……” The man on the throne relaxed.

“You are right, my leader. This King of Chambord is a bumpkin who would be killed sooner or later by others!”

“In my opinion, this king is a poor soul who was used by others. He looks dominating now, but he would be taken care of!”

“Hehe, I will personally conquer that little kingdom with my team and revenge for our brothers!”

“Fellon Family really wanted to recruit that idiot I think we need to send someone to Chambord’s campsite and ask him why he killed our men. If he couldn’t give a good answer…… Hehe, we could kill a few Chambordians. We shall let him know that he couldn’t protect everyone with his personal power.”

All the members of Blood-Edge laughed along with their leader. They started to shout and mock Fei; the heavy pressure that the young king gave them seemed to have disappeared.



* * *





Chapter 253




Chapter 253

Chapter 253: The Siege of the Masked Devil

The mid-aged leader of Blood-Edge smiled.

Although he knew things weren’t that optimistic, he was able to determine that King of Chambord wasn’t someone who was able to hold back emotions. That fact along decreased the threat of the king in his mind.

However, he didn’t know that Granello, the red-bearded man who was known for evaluating people, made a completely opposite judgment.

The optimism filled the hall.

Then, as everyone at Blood-Edge was extremely confident……

Boom!!!

Like a meteor that fell from the sky, a loud booming noise sounded with a heavy earthquake. It felt like it was doomsday.

“What just happened?” The leader of Blood-Edge stood up and walked out of the hall with other members. They all looked at the direction of the noise with a gloomy expression.

Streams of fire appeared in everyone’s eyes.

The fire was bright like a firework in the night.

However, none of them were able to appreciate the beauty of the fire. The merciless flame was devouring the properties and structures of Blood-Edge.

“Haha, here comes the punishment! The massacre is about to happen! After tonight, Blood-Edge won’t be in existence anymore!”

A loud thunder-like roar resonated in the area, and it almost broke everyone’s ear-drums.

“Who are you? How dare you come here? Fu*k off!”

While being crowded by the members, the mid-aged leader was really angry; flames of anger danced in his eyes as a light blue warrior energy erupted from his body. He waved his hands, and the chilling warrior energy dashed out and suppressed the burning fire. His temperament made everyone feel like he was really the boss here.

“You fu*k off!”

A shadow dashed towards the crowd as fast as lightning and landed on a stone statue of a warrior that was more than twenty meters tall.

There was a mystic energy under this person’s feet. There was fire below him; he left a fire trail in the air as he traveled. When he stood on top of the white stone statue, the fire started to burn. Soon, the entire statue was lit up as if it was the God of Fire. The man standing on the statue, on the other hand, was wearing a mage robe, and his red cape was fluttering in the wind. Under the robe, there was a mysterious metal armor, and he also had a huge battle wand in his hands; it was more than 180 centimeters long.

He looked like he was merging with the fire and becoming one with it.

What was surprising was that nothing on his body was burning despite the fact that he was standing on the vicious flames. His long black hair also fluttered in the wind, and his hair mixed in with the darkness and made him look like a devil that walked out of the deep hell.

What was more terrifying was that there was a black mask on this man’s face. The mask was made with craftsmanship as it looked like it was a living being. It fit so well on the face of this man that it traced out all the details. However, on the forehead of the mask, there was a thick black horn that pointed upward at the sky; its pointy tip reflected a terrifying light.

“Who are you?”

After feeling the huge magic surge and tense murderous spirit coming off of this unknown man, the leader of Blood-Edge appeared unprecedentedly serious. He was clear that this was a terrifying opponent; an opponent that won’t leave unless one of them was killed.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

What answered him was more than a dozen fireballs that were more than 20 centimeters in diameter.

No chanting! No surge of magic energy! As the man waved his hand, these fireballs appeared out of nowhere and struck towards the members of Blood-Edge who were standing on the stairs.

“You…… die!” The leader of Blood-Edge was infuriated.

The blue chilling warrior energy lit up even more as he waved his hands. Streams of chilly energy met with the fireballs in mid-air.

Bam! Bam! ……

The collision noises of fire and ice were as loud as thunder.

The fireballs were from a strange yet terrifying spell. Even the tiniest bit of fire or spark would immediately ignite the buildings and structures it landed on. As if it was all oiled up, the headquarter of Blood-Edge was filled with fire in just a few seconds. The entire hall was turned into a living hell as the mercenaries of Blood-Edge whined and tried to put out the fires.

This was the power of a mage.

During a 1 v 1 battle, mages would be pressed down by warriors of the same rank. However, the crowd control and damage of the mages were far superior compared to warriors.

This was the reason why Fei chose to use Sorceress Mode at first.

The devil with the mask standing on the lit statue was Fei who switched to Sorceress Mode. He used the skill [Blaze] to light up everywhere he stepped on, then he used the skill [Fireball] to turn the main hall of Blood-Edge into a flaming sea.



It was the dark murderous night.

The perfect time for cleansing the evils that had been committed by these sinners using the pure flames.

This was the only way that would put the innocent Chambordians and other weak people who were killed by these mercenaries to rest.

“Put out the fire first…… I will take care of him!”

The leader of Blood-Edge immediately made the decision. He ordered the people around him to put out the fire as he dashed towards Fei like a meteor that drew a long blue tail in the air.

Like a terrifying beast that roared as it opened its mouth, he struck down at Fei with all of his might.

“[Kiss of the Frost] …… die!”

The leader of Blood-Edge didn’t hesitate and used his strongest technique.

He knew that he had to kill this mysterious mage as soon as he could. Otherwise, the mercenary group would suffer unrecoverable damage! Even an idiot would know that it was asking for death if anyone allowed a six-star mage to cast spells freely on the battlefield!

……

……

“Eh? Who…… is that? Why is there a terrifying fire mage under King of Chambord’s command that I didn’t know about?”

On the peak of a tall tower at the headquarter of Blood-Edge, a young figure who was observing the fight suddenly frowned. There was a ton of surprises in his sharp and calculative eyes.

“King of Chambord, just how many more secrets do you have? No, I have to convince the elders of the family to recruit this person! It is worth it doesn’t matter how much we need to pay!!”

……

“Eh, finally. Killing and Burning, King of Chambord has a good plan…… Sent someone to investigate the origin of this mage.”

On a huge tall tower north of Blood-Edge’s headquarter, a young man murmured as he was surrounded by more than a dozen guards.

……

[Zenit’s God of War] was also carefully observing this battle from afar.

Arshavin was able to secretly exert his energy into the headquarter of Blood-Edge and screen the area. He didn’t sense the existence of the King of Chambord, so he could only focus on the mage who was wearing the devil-like mask. Numerous guesses appeared in his head, but he was only able to conclude that this mage’s temperament was really different from the King of Chambord. On Azeroth, every powerful warrior and mage had his or her distinct sensation; this sensation was really hard to change. Therefore, Arshavin was sure that the mage with the mask and the red cape wasn’t King of Chambord.

“If he isn’t the King of Chambord, then – he must be a master mage under King of Chambord.”

“Tanasha is very clear about the talent under the King of Chambord. Why hasn’t she told me anything about this terrifying mage?”

[Zenit’s God of War] was really perplexed.

The strange feeling in his head was getting stronger and stronger.

……

“Huh? This sensation…… Since when did a mage like this appear in Zenit? This sensation is really unfamiliar.”

“What? Old guy, you don’t know who this is? You sure that he isn’t your mysterious disciple?”

“No.”

“What kind of a magic surge is that? Why did I sense a strange, ancient, and mystic feel from it? As if ……”

“As if it is from the Mythical Ruins.”

“Could he be an assassin from Spartax?”

“No way, we are really familiar with the old guys from Spartax. To my knowledge, there had never been a mage like this in Spartax.”

“Could he be a new talent that is from other remote kingdoms? Time is the greatest force in the world…… Since King of Chambord came into the public eyes, I feel like us, the old guys, are rusting……”

“Whatever, the two princes and other superpowers had come to an agreement…… Tonight is the night of blood…… we don’t need to show up.”

Magic surges and energies containing consciousness shot out of the eight tallest magic towers located in St. Petersburg; these were so subtle that ordinary people couldn’t detect them at all. On top of the holy city, the most prestige mages of Zenit quickly communicated and then quieted down.



* * *





Chapter 254




Chapter 254

Chapter 254: Do You Want To Duel?

“Ah…… life is like a show, everyone wants to perform at their best. When the act ends, only the top performer would be rewarded!”

Wine, golden cup, golden fan, golden robe …… A figure was hidden in the dark clouds. It was the number one Traveling Poets of Zenit – Matt Razi. As if he was showing off his poetry skills, he said those words out loud as he drank the delicious wine.

There was a thin figure that was standing in mid-air next to Matt Razi. The man was wearing a brown robe, and he was staring at the battle below him in silence.

“This little guy. Hahahaha, interesting. Is this guy with the mask the King of Chambord? Eh, the sensation is really different, and the battle style is different too. Instantly casting spells…… not really, but similar…… Interesting, I haven’t encountered something strange like this in so long…… Old guy, can you say something? Even if you don’t want to listen to me, you can at least let me know.” Matt Razi said that intentionally.

The thin figure turned around and looked at him.

“When would that person in the palace get cured?” Matt Razi took a sip and continued trying to find a good topic.

“Not sure.”

“Really? You don’t know as well?”

“Yeah.”

“Yo, we go way back. Can you not respond in a way that makes us feels like strangers?”

“Ok.”

“……”

……

“Hehehe, looks like he has some more secrets. He has a mage like this under his wings? Or is he the mage? What a terrifying mage…… He is able to cast out fireballs that is equal to the attack of a fix-star warrior. With this, he is probably a six-star mage already.”

On the sixth floor, Paris stood in front of a window and murmured with a faint smile on her face.

Behind her, there was a table. There were wines on the table, and there was a man sitting beside it.

This man was wearing a very normal outfit, but he looked magnificent. The long black hair that was tied together with a red band was fluttered in the wind. His skin was smooth and white, his nose was really well-shaped, his eyes were brilliant, and his eyebrows were sharp and valiant…… with all the adjective for beauty in the world, they would only describe 0.01% of his handsomeness. He reached out and lightly grabbed onto a wine cup.

The wine cup contained the top-tier wine; the aroma of the wine made the room a little bit dreamy.

However, that wine wasn’t for a human.

It was for a dog.

A little dog that lost both of its hind legs rested in the arms of this handsome man. It licked the wine from the cup as it looked up at its owner infrequently while crying out of excitement. This dog wasn’t a rare species; if it was on the street, people would pick stray dogs over it because the stray dogs would look cuter.

“Hey, slow down, no rush!” The handsome young man petted the dog as he smiled; it felt like he was talking to an old friend.

Behind the young man, Granello stood there in metal armor. His body was straight as a spear, and he was glancing around with his guards up; his hand didn’t leave the hilt of his sword.

Except for Granello, there was another person who was standing straight like a spear.

However, that man was standing beside Paris.

His golden armor didn’t look too fancy on him as a light pressure came off of him infrequently. It was Sutton-Chris, the tenth Executive Knight of Imperial Knight Palace. He was staring at Paris as if she was the only person in the room – care…… love…… the emotions that

a man would have towards the woman he loved were all in Sutton’s eyes.

“Hey, Chris. Can’t you look at Paris a little differently? It is just too nauseating. Oka and I are about to throw up.” The handsome man who was playing with the disabled dog suddenly laughed.

He was really casual.

The dog that lost two of its legs was called Oka.

The man’s name was also Oka.

Oka Dominguez.



The Second Prince of Zenit who was really influential in the empire right after Emperor Yassin.

“Oh…… Ok!” Sutton turned around and blocked Dominguez’ view using his cape. This way, the prince and the dog couldn’t see his expressions anymore.

This scene made Dominguez speechless; he tapped his forehead in defeat.

“Oka, aren’t you going to come here and see how our friend is fighting? It is really interesting!” Paris who was standing by the window waved at Dominguez. Her attitude was so chill that it felt like she was talking to a friend rather than a prince of the empire.

“All of that battle is just boring. You can enjoy it yourself. I’m tired, and I’m just going to take a nap! Let me know when it is all over!” After saying that, Dominguez rested his arms and head on the table; he didn’t care for his image at all. “Really, I’m a prince, and I should be sleeping with all kinds of beauties in my palace. Now I’m dragged here to watch a battle…… Boring……” He murmured.

However, since he was so handsome, his casual sleeping position was very attractive as well.

In his arms, little dog Oka was drunk off of the wine. It closed its big eyes, and it looked like an alcoholic.

In the loud battle noises, the prince and his dog actually fell asleep.

……

……

“You…… coward! Garbage! If you have the honor of a mage, stop and duel with me!”

The leader of Blood-Edge was so mad that he was going to puke up blood.

He was chasing after this mage with the mysterious mask, but the mage completely changed his view of mage as a profession.

His opponent was sly as a fox. The mage wasn’t planning to fight with him; rather, the mage ran around in the buildings that were on fire. He was super-fast, and he was able to cast fireballs to kill the mages of Blood-Edge who were trying to cast water spells to put out the fire or ignite more buildings on fire. What was more shocking was that whatever he stepped on, the fire would start to grow from it. Soon, the entire headquarter was filled with flames.

It was no use!

These magic flames were hard to put out.

Gradually, the mercenaries of Blood-Edge started to back off as the flames grew bigger as wind added oxygen to them.

“Everyone, form groups and protect the most important buildings! All water-elemental mages, put out the fire!” The roar of the leader of Blood-Edge resonated in the sky. “Hold still for a few more minutes, the imperial soldiers will be here soon!”

“You, stop! You have stained the honor for all mages! You coward!” The leader shouted as he continued to chase after Fei who was making the chaos worse.

Letting a six-star mage to cast spells freely in the headquarter was like suicide.

There were only a few six-star mages in St. Petersburg, and they were all famous and prestige. Blood-Edge tried hard to get on their good sides by giving gifts to them. Although they didn’t manage to build a strong relationship, there wasn’t any hostility between them. Also, those mages valued their image and won’t do what this mage was doing. This mage in front of him was more like a thief.

“Who is this devil that can instantly cast spells?”

“Could it be……”

The worse possible person popped into the leader’s head, and his expression turned cold.

At this moment –

“You want to duel with me?”

The mage that was running around suddenly stopped on a warrior statue, and the fire under his feet instantly ignited the stone; the fire was so terrifying that it looked like it could burn anything in this world into ashes. This mage laughed: “Hahaha, ok. I will give you this one opportunity. If you can take this strike, I will leave here right away!” When he said that, the mysterious mask on his face rippled.

A magnificent magic elemental surge waved outward from this mage.

As if all the flames in the area heard the call, they all burned towards this mage viciously.

With a serious expression, the leader of Blood-Edge concentrated his power as he waited for his opponent’s strike. He knew that the “strike” of this terrifying mage would be on another level, and his muscles all tensed up around his bones; he was so concentrated that his warrior energy, spiritual power, and physical strength were in a perfect harmony. He was ready to take on the strike.



* * *





Chapter 255




Chapter 255

Chapter 255: You Can Only Die Like a Bug(Part One)

“No one was able to take this strike!” With one hand holding onto the magic wand, Fei drew various magic symbols in the air with the other hand.

Blood-Edge leader’s expression turned even more serious.

He sensed a terrifying fire magic element surge from the flames around here. Some kind of force was being summoned.

“If you can take on this strike, I won’t come to this part of the city anymore!” Fei said in a cold confident voice as a light red sphere appeared around his body.

The leader was feeling even more pressure; he had to concentrate his energy and spiritual power more.

This mage with the mysterious mask was giving him enough pressure already. This mage had a thick magic shield around him when he was casting spells, and it was hard for the leader of Blood-Edge to sneak attack. The leader was put in a very reactive situation, and all he could hope for was to endure this strike so this reaper would leave.

“Get ready!” Fei shouted.

The leader of Blood-Edge got even more focused as the blue robe that he was wearing gave off a blue light; it was made from the skin of a demon beast, and it was able to increase one’s defensive ability. All he could do now was to wait for his opponent’s deadly attack.

At this moment –

An invisible ripple suddenly appeared behind the leader of Blood-Edge.

A strangely shaped knife appeared out of nowhere and pierced through the leader’s protective warrior energy shield quietly; no one saw it coming. The blue robe the leader was wearing was also pierced through, and the knife stabbed into the leader’s body.

“Shit! Die!”

The leader’s attention was completely focused on Fei, and he didn’t expect someone would get this close to him at a time like this. He also didn’t expect there would be such a weapon that easily broke through his warrior energy and armor-like blue fox battle robe.

When he realized that something was wrong, it was too late to react.

A strangely shaped black knife actually pierced through his heart like the touch of the Grim Reaper; this knife was so sharp that it looked like it would tear through anything.

The knife was in the hand of a small figure.

“No……” The leader of Blood-Edge cried in desperation. With his last breath, he used all the warrior energy he had and struck at the sneak attacker. This movement worsened the wound on his body, and blood spurted out of the bloody hole. The strangely shaped knife was designed to deal the maximum amount of damage, and it left a devastating wound on his body.

“Cough…… cough…… you……. You cheater……. You……” The leader of Blood-Edge staggered around; it felt like he couldn’t stand up anymore.

“Cheat? Hahahaha, really? This counts?” Fei who was standing on the stone statue dashed forward and stopped ten meters away from the leader. Then, Fei slowly walked towards the leader of Blood-Edge while leaving behind a trail of fire and said: “Why do I feel like I’m not despicable enough? With a garbage like you, I want to use the hundred cruelest penalties on you. I want to kill you more than a hundred times. However, you only have one sleazy life…… Do you want to die before me like a warrior? Yuck! You are not worth it!!”

“Cough…… you…… Who…… Who are you?” The leader of Blood-Edge murmured as unwillingness filled his mind.

His vision was already darkening. If his opponent didn’t stand in front of the fire, he won’t be able to spot his opponent’s figure. There were multiple shadows in h

is eyes for the same object, and the world was becoming more chaotic in his eyes…… before he died, he wanted to know who killed him.

“I’m……” Fei walked up to him and murmured into his ears like an old friend.

“You…… are …… Ch……” The leader of Blood-Edge opened his eyes wide as his eyes were filled with shock.

“Since you now know who I am, you can die peacefully now!”



Chapter 255: You Can Only Die Like a Bug(Part Two)

Fei walked to the other side of the leader, pulled out the knife that was still in his body as blood gushed out, and grabbed onto the leader’s head with his other hand. Whoosh! The black knife moved, and the deadly mercenary that terrified the region for many years got decapitated.

“Bloody knife for the revenge. No one can leave here alive! Ahahaha!” With the devil-like mask on, Fei laughed under the nightly sky. With one evil knife in one of his hand and the head of the leader of Blood-Edge in the other, he looked like a devil from hell standing in front of the fire.

This terrifying scene mixed with the thick murderous spirit coming off of Fei, more than a thousand mercenaries of Blood-Edge mentally collapsed.

“Ahahah, he killed the leader……”

“Leader has died, the leader has died!!!!”

“It’s over, Blood-Edge Mercenary Group is done for. Devil, he must be a devil from hell!”

“Let’s escape, we can escape!”

A series of screams and whines sounded from the sea of fire. The mercenaries of Blood-Edge lose their courage and willingness to fight. With such momentum, they couldn’t stop the collapse of Blood-Edge. Until now, the Imperial Patrol and imperial soldiers still hadn’t shown up, nor did the reinforcement came from Fellon Family. This was enough to show that Blood-Edge had offended someone they shouldn’t have. A terrifying power was trying to destroy this mercenary group, and even Fellon Family couldn’t stop it.

Blood-Edge Group was ditched!

Mercenaries started to scramble as the fire burned. Some of them still tried to grab their savings and treasures before escaping, and some of them already targeted the treasures of Blood-Edge that the group accumulated over the years. Although it was a critical moment, a lot of the mercenaries were high risk-takers, and they were willing to gamble to have the chance to win big……

Under the leader of Blood-Edge, there were six leading fighters.

One of them was captured by Fei already several days before. The bald man, who was left in the pub by Fei, witnessed everything. His face was completely pale as he watched the leader who was invincible in his mind get killed by Fei and the fire devouring up the headquarter of Blood-Edge. Now, he was scared; really scared. However, he didn’t have the chance of redo. A Saint Seiya who was guarding him chopped his head off using an axe and threw his body into the fire……

The rest of the five leading fighters all had their own plans. Some of them gathered their henchmen and tried to escape with their treasures, and some of them bit their teeth as they charged towards the warehouse where a lot of the treasures of the Blood-Edge was kept……

Some of them chose to revenge for their leader.

“You killed the leader, and I will take revenge for him!!!”

A figure dashed out of the fire. His clothes and armors were all lit up by the fire, and his skin and muscle were obviously burned. This man had been hiding in the fire for a while and wanted to kill Fei with the surprise attack…… this man was respectable.

However, his loyalty was used on the wrong person.

With a cold expression, Fie dashed away using the skill – Telekinesis and then cast a series of fireballs. After that, his body disappeared. As this sneak attacker barely dodged the fireballs, the strangely shaped knife dashed through his throat……

Bam!

The corpse fell to the ground.

Whoosh!

Fei threw the knife forward, and a thin figure appeared out of nowhere to catch it.

“Your performance isn’t that good. After striking the target, you should have dashed away immediately. When you pierced his body, why did you pause for a second? He was able to seize the opportunity to injure you…… Eh, it was fortunate that he was distracted by me and got injured already……. Otherwise, you would have been killed……” Fei said slowly.

“Master, I got it.” This thin figure was Fei’s first disciple – Philip Inzagi.

Inzagi’s strength wasn’t high, but his natural stealth technique was just too powerful. He was able to travel through space quietly and invisibly; Fei wasn’t even able to discover him without trying intentionally. After getting trained by Fei, Inzagi had a better control of this technique. In order for Inzagi to become a real assassin, Fei wanted him to get real battle experiences. That was why Fei distracted the leader of Blood-Edge and got Inzagi to deal the lethal attack. Of course, the knife Inzagi was using deserved some credits; it was made from [Demon’s Remain] and [Black Stone Essence], and it was as sharp as god-tier weapons. That was why Inzagi was able to pierce through the leader of Blood-Edge’s warrior energy, robe, and body.

“Assassins, are opportunistic. You have to remember that. When you become the master of seizing opportunities, you would be a god-tier assassin.”

“Yes, master!”



* * *





Chapter 256




Chapter 256

Chapter 256: Mysterious Call (Part One)

“Eh…… Are you ok?” After scolding the disciple, Fei turned into a caring elder and asked.

“It is not serious. I have help from the battle armor, and only some of my internal organs are lightly injured. After I drank the potion, I’m all healed.” A shy smile appeared on Inzagi’s cold face.

Fei nodded.

He turned to the dead leader of Blood-Edge and took the blue robe that was made from the fur of level 7 Demon Beast Blue Fox. Fei was attracted to this battle robe from the beginning. The robe contained an ice elemental magic power; the robe was durable and was able to increase the power of ice-elemental warrior energy. Although the back of the robe had a hole, which was poked out by the knife Inzagi had, the value of this robe was still high.

Fei threw it into his storage ring.

“Huh? This…… Send my command. Let Lampard and others slow people down and drag on the time. Don’t kill off all the members of Blood-Edge, I need to take care of some stuff.” Fei suddenly sensed something and said to Inzagi.

“Yes, master.” Inzagi responded politely and disappeared into the darkness.

After closing his eyes and sensing the direction a little, Fei finally determined the way and dashed into the flames. He walked into the number one palace at the headquarter of Blood-Edge and started searching.

……

“Blood-Edge is done fore!”

The young man who was witnessing this from the tall tower sighed; however, his eyes still looked energetic. After a moment of hesitation, he walked down the tower and disappeared into the darkness.

“Since Blood-Edge is done, it is time to claim the rewards.”

……

“King of Chambord still hasn’t appeared yet. Could it be……”

Under the protection of the [Iron Blood Legion], [Zenit’s God of War] Arshavin was trying to spot the man he was looking for. However, that figure never appeared…… Arshavin was more confused.

“Who could be that mysterious mage be? A six-star mage…… He shouldn’t be nameless. But why don’t I know anything about this mage from the intelligence report?” He thought.

Arshavin felt like he was being very anxious; there seemed to be a veil that was covering the truth, and he wasn’t able to reveal it.

“Quick! Investigate!” Arshavin commanded with his cold voice.

“Yes, your highness.” An armored soldier kneeled as he responded. After that, this soldier got up and left.

As henchmen that were training by the elder prince of Zenit, they had been with this [Zenit’s God of War] through numerous battles. They were unparalleled loyal to the prince, and they had an understanding of each other that were unprecedented. The soldiers knew exactly what the prince wanted and what to do after hearing the single word “investigate”.

……

In the sky, on top of the dark clouds.

“Old guy, did you see through him? Is that mage with the mask Alexander?” Matt Razi scratched his head. After all this time, he still couldn’t figure it out.

“No.” The thin figure answered.

“Even you couldn’t see through him?”

“No.”

“Hahaha, even the number one warrior of the empire, the Martial Saint Krasic couldn’t see through a young man? You couldn’t figure out any clues?”

“Completely different power sensation. I can’t be sure.”

“Huh? You finally said more than one word. Hahaha, let me count……eight words! This broke the record for the last three years! Hahaha”

Matt Razi laughed as he opened his eyes wide.

Martial Saint: “……”

Matt Razi: “Come on, say some more. If you say more words, you would appear more terrifying to your opponents.”

Martial Saint: “If you say fewer words, you would be more likable.”

Matt Razi: “……”

Matt Razi: “Should I go and take off that little guy’s musk?”

Martial Saint: “Don’t!”

Matt Razi: “Again? Would you die if you say more stuff?”

Martial Saint: “……”

……

……

Chapter 256: Mysterious Call (Part Two)

The number one palace of Blood-Edge was really magnificent. It took a lot of space; it looked like a small public square. Although a portion of it was destroyed by Fei’s Fireballs and the wooden furniture were burning, the structure of the palace was still fine.

Fei carefully inspected his surroundings. He then summoned the huge wand from his set items [Arcanna’s Tricks] and grasped it in his hands. He slowly walked towards the huge throne decorated by two huge lion statues.

“A little leader of a mercenary group dares to sit on the duel-lion thrones that only canonized kings of affiliated kingdoms qualify to sit on. How dare he?”

Fei sneered as he waved his wand.

Whoosh!

Air-piercing noises sounded as four Fireballs smashed onto the throne. In the loud booming noises, the entire white stone throne was blown into pieces.

Slowly, the stone dusts settled.

A secret pathway with a mysterious gate appeared behind the destroyed throne. The pathway was dark, and Fei didn’t know where it led to.

On the side of the gate, there were numerous mysterious silver patterns engraved on it; they were a type of strange magic arrays. Didn’t matter the magic pathings or the gate, they were really different from the current styles. After Fei carefully observed the gate, he realized that this gate was made from a huge piece of stone, and it was completely inlaid onto the opening of this pathway. This piece of stone was obviously from another era; it had an ancient feel to it, and it didn’t match the feel of the pathway at all.

However, the magic patterns on the gate gave Fei a familiar feel.

Fei’s intuition told him that this gate was a good piece.

“Let me save if first……” Although he didn’t come to a conclusion, Fei switched to Barbarian Mode and used his brute strength to break the gate off of the pathway. Then, he threw it into his storage space.

After he did all of that, he walked into the pathway.

The summoning call he sensed a little early unintentionally came from this pathway.

The pathway was really thin; only one person could fit through while slanting his or her body. Stone steps slowly led to a deeper and gloomier underground. After walking down for 50 meters, the pathway slowly got wider. Light shone ahead as the treasure lit up the area.

Any regular person would pace himself or herself if he or she suddenly saw such bright lights in this thin pathway.

However, Fei stopped.

He could tell that although the walls looked normal, there was a dangerous sensation. Even Fei was scared by this sensation a little.

“Magic traps?”

Fei didn’t expect Blood-Edge would have such a scary hidden cave.

Fei thought about it and switched to Assassin Mode.

Out of all the seven classes, the assassin was the best at making and destroying magic traps. It was the best option in this situation.

Under Assassin Mode, Fei clearly felt that there were numerous traps of all kinds hidden on the walls ahead. Those traps were delicate and well-hidden; if one wasn’t professional, even a six-star warrior would be at a disadvantage. If this warrior was unlucky, he or she would be killed.

Fei slowly walked forward.

He was trying to clear out some traps, but he didn’t clear all of them. He created a strange path that only one person can walk through.

“Strange…… these designs are really interesting, but the execution was garbage. Looks like someone who didn’t know much about magic traps set them up as he or she tried to mimic other traps……” Fei slowly discovered some strange facts. There were so many traps in the area, but the power of those traps decreased because the number was too many; some of the connected traps were set up incorrectly. It seemed like the person who set up this place only went after the numbers and didn’t know much about the interconnectedness of the traps.

This part of the pathway that was about 50 meters long took Fei 30 minutes to get through.

Fei didn’t trigger any traps, and he didn’t leave any footprints; it looked like no one walked pass through this pathway yet.



* * *





Chapter 257




Chapter 257

Chapter 257: Blood-Edge’s Treasure (Part One)

At the end of the pathway, there was a stone wall that had nine symbols engraved on it; those nine symbols contained some kind of meaning that Fei didn’t know. The symbols were engraved with a bloody-red energy, and it made the nine symbols look very mysterious. Fei stood in front of the wall, and he was surprised that he had seen these symbols before. However, these symbols weren’t the kind of symbols the monster in Diablo World would drop.

Then, Fei showed his “greedy” personality.

He switched to Barbarian Mode and used his swords to carve out these nine mysterious symbols by using his physical strength. He threw these symbols into the storage space; he planned to show these to Akara and Cain; those two could probably figure it out.

After carving out those symbols, Fei turned to the right of the stone wall.

The pathway turned 90 degrees, and the dreamy light came from there.

There weren’t any more magic traps here, and Fei stayed in Barbarian Mode.

After several 90 degrees turns, there was a huge underground hall.

After stepping into the hall, the light shining off of the treasures lit up the place. Fei was even stunned by this. There were at least 20 dreamy mountains made from piled gold, silver, jade, gems…….

Those were all the treasures that Blood-Edge accumulated over the years.

To be able to get wealth, Blood-Edge literally did anything they could, including capturing slaves and even dirtier trades. The law of the empire had many loopholes, and the evil people were able to exploit them. Under the support of the superpower Fellon Family, the mercenaries of Blood-Edge commit a ton of sins. They should no longer be called mercenaries; they were a bunch of greedy and immoral bandits. As a result, they had stacked a large amount of wealth.

On top of that, Fei was sure that this was only a portion of the money that Blood-Edge earned over the years; after all, Blood-Edge had to give money to Fellon Family and other forces.

This amount of money was enough to buy a hundred castles like Chambord.

Impressive!

Unimaginable!

Fei’s blood started to boil as he looked at all the treasure in front of him.

Anyone would be stunned and lose the ability to speak when seeing this huge amount of resources.

However, Fei forced himself to calm down.

The reason why he was able to conquer Blood-Edge was that Paris had planned it out. All the superpowers including Fellon Family abandoned this sinister-like group. That was why Fei was able to attack without the intervention from imperial soldiers and Imperial Patrol. According to the agreements, Fei was able to get 30% of the total rewards. If he took all of the resources to himself, the other forces would definitely get mad. Although Fei wasn’t scared of it, it wasn’t worth the trade-off.

Fei didn’t need the entire empire to turn against him.

After all, Fei had access to Horadric Cube, an item that shouldn’t exist in the world. Fei was able to make numerous high-level gems using low-level gems. Normal monetary resources weren’t really attractive to Fei who had a golden-finger like Diablo World.

Fei didn’t take a single gold coin from the first mountain.

He walked by the mountains made of gold and jade.

Behind these mountains, there were more impressive items.

There were a dozen weapon racks that had all kind of weapons and equipment on them. Those items were all rare top-tier weapons and armors. Fei took a long sword from the rack and struck it in the air. A chilly energy filled the surroundings as the thin blade of the sword danced in the air like a silver string. Fei knocked the blade, and one of his falling hairs was cut by the sword cleanly.

Nice Sword!

Fei had to admire the blacksmith who made this sword.

He put back the sword and picked out a few other weapons. They were all sharp and stiff weapons that were obviously made by master-tier blacksmiths. The armors in the area were able to protect all the vital points on the human body, and the connecting areas of the metal plates were stuffed with fur of Demon Beasts. The armors made with such details were light and offered great defensive abilities…… Even only a small portion of the elites could receive items like these in the top ten battle legions and Royal Palace Guards.

However, Fei was still not moved. He put back the weapon and continued to walk forward.

In the mysterious underground cave in Chambord, there was almost an unlimited amount of [Demon’s Remains] and [Black Stone Essences]. With Charsi’s top-tier forging skills, items on this level could be made with ease. The weapons Charsi could forge were actually even better than these items, so Fei didn’t really care.

Chapter 257: Blood-Edge’s Treasure (Part Two)

Behind the weapon rack, there were six bookshelves.

This surprised Fei. “Are these bloody bandits into reading?” He thought.

But after reading the names of the books, Fei understood what was going on.

The books on the shelves were all warrior energy training scrolls, and these scrolls were all pretty high-level. These training scrolls actually even contained combat techniques that deal good damages. Especially on the last wooden bookshelf that had a deep fragrance to it, there were a few ultra-rare mage training scrolls; one of them was the training journal of a six-star mage.

These items were so valuable that Fei couldn’t even overlook them.

That training scroll made by the six-star mage named [Low-level Space Magic Theory – Decryption] could be one of the rare items at any auctions in St. Petersburg, and numerous powerhouses would fight over it.

This time, Fei wasn’t as chill as before.

Without hesitation, he threw those training scrolls along with the bookshelves into his storage space. What Chambord needed the most in order to improve wasn’t money but these training scrolls.

Walking deeper into the hall, Fei saw some well-kept food and water; there were magic refrigerators that were powered by ice-elemental arrays. Except that, there was a full kitchen …… all of the stuff here was enough for a person for a full month.

“Did someone plan to use this place as a hideout?”

Fei was a little confused.

Fei didn’t know that the leader of Blood-Edge was a really calculative character. He knew about the crimes he committed, and he knew about the forces that he offended. Therefore, he had been planning his escape for a long time. This underground hall had been around for a long time, and the leader of Blood-Edge discovered it by accident. After that, he had been renovating the place in secret. He was the only one who knew about this place, and he was planning to change his identity, get a noble status from Fellon Family, and go somewhere remote to spend the last half of his life. The reason why there were so many weapons, money, and training scrolls was that the leader of Blood-Edge was trying to start his own kingdom afterward. At the same time, risk-averse leader of Blood-Edge created a small living space for himself as he was afraid that Blood-Edge would be destroyed one day.

However, he didn’t expect anything like that would occur today. None of what he planned was used, and he was killed by Inzagi in a sneak attack.

This might be karma doing its job.

Everything he planned for in the first half of his life was now an easy piece of pie for Fei.

After going through the food storage area, the light in the area dimmed. The deepest part of the underground pathway was a huge pit. It was so deep that it was completely dark down there, and it felt chilly and gloomy; no one knew what was under the pit.

Fei switched to Sorceress Mode and waved his wand to create a dash of fire that he sent down the pit to light it up temporally.

The things in the pit were now visible.

Fei looked down and his face changed color.

There were numerous white bones in this pit; a huge cloud of blue “ghost flames” ignited as the fire triggered this reaction. Like ghosts who were trying to hurt the newcomer, a dark and chilling sensation filled the area.

“Those people who died in the pit must hold strong grievances; that is the only way that these ‘Ghost Flames’ would be created. But how did they all die here?” Fei thought.



* * *





Chapter 258




Chapter 258

Chapter 258: Are You? (Part One)

Fei switched to Paladin Mode, and the golden aura covered his surroundings.

This aura contained holy power, and it was the best counter for this kind of gloomy energy. All the chilling energy disappeared like snow in the hot summer day as it touched the aura. Fei used the skill [Prayer], and the golden light around his body intensified. The entire underground hall was lit up; it was even brighter than the gold mountains. Under the cleansing of this power, the atmosphere of the hall turned peaceful and calm.

After all of this, Fei switched back to Sorceress Mode.

Then, Fei sensed an even stronger call; he sensed a familiar and intimate feeling as if his loved one was calling for him. This calling came from the white bones in the deep pit.

Fei didn’t hesitate and jumped into the pit of bones.

This scene wasn’t really too much for Fei. In Diablo World, he had been through a lot of bloody and terrifying places. Compared to those living hells, the chilling white bones were way cuter.

Crack!

Fei broke numerous bones as he landed on them.

These bones seemed to have been around for about ten years. From the way the bones corroded, Fei could tell that they weren’t high-level warriors when they were alive. The bones were really fragile, and they were only able to keep their original shape because there was no wind in this space.

As soon as Fei broke the bones, white bone dust shoot into the air.

“Huh? There are some tools?”

Fei found some unexpected items with the help of the light from the fire.

Under the bones, there were complete sets of building tools like shovels and spades. There were also some metal buttons that looked like they were on some clothes.

Fei immediately knew who these bones belonged to – the slaves and craftsmen who participated in the building of this underground project. After this hall was completed, they were all killed off to keep the secret.

A bunch of poor souls.

After Fei reached the bottom of the pit, the calling he was sensing grew even stronger. He realized that this calling was behind one of the sidewalls of the pit.

When he wanted to get close to that sidewall and take a better look, his eyes froze. About half a meter away from that sidewall, there was a pair of perfect footprints on the bones.

The footprints were about 30 centimeters long, and they were really clean compared with the messy bones and bone fragments around them. Fei squatted down to take a better look, and he was sure that the footprints were facing towards the wall; they were formed from someone stepping here for numerous times.

“How could it be? What kind of person would appear here and step at the same location?”

Fei thought as he stood up and stepped into the footprint.

Tink! …… Crack!

It was a really light metal spring sounding noise. A series of gears gliding noises followed after. Fei felt a light shake under his feet, and the stone wall in front of him had five silver dots appeared on it. Those five silver dots quickly danced on the wall and drew some pretty curvatures. Those curvatures soon formed a magic array that looked like a stone gate.

“This……”

Before Fei could react, the magic array started to operate on its own.

A sensation that Fei was really familiar with appeared as a light buzz sounded. A sky-blue oval shaped teleport portal that was two meters tall appeared in front of Fei.

Fei was stunned.

He was too familiar with this scene.

It was a portal.

It was the portal that [Town Teleport Scroll] would create in Diablo World.

Same magic surge, same magic color, same oval shape, same strange appeal…… Fei was completely sure that this was

a teleport portal, but he didn’t know where this portal led to.

Fei found that the situation was getting more and more interesting.

He thought that he was taking revenge for his loyal subjects who were suppressed and killed by Blood-Edge, but things went on a tangent.

Chapter 258: Are You? (Part Two)

After summoning out his armor and dual-swords from Diablo World, he stepped into the portal without much hesitation.

In the next second, a dark space appeared in front of Fei’s eyes.

Before he was able to see anything else, bones filled his vision.

It was a golden skeleton.

Different from the bones of the slaves and craftsmen that were really weak, this skeleton looked as if it was made from pure gold. It was shiny, but it was a lot smaller than an ordinary person; it was only about 1.2 meters tall. The skeleton was complete, and it was standing there still. Its arms were grabbing onto a huge battle axe that had a red fire symbol on it, and the skeleton looked like it was guarding and protecting something.

……

……

“Shiz! The mercenary group is done…… fortunately, I have a Plan B!”

With the fires in the background, one of the six top fighters of Blood-Edge [Earthy Tiger] Cahill looked at the buildings that were being devoured by the flames. He was running away with 20 of his henchmen and the treasures that he accumulated over the years.

Blood-Edge’s headquarter was really big; with huge defense wall-like buildings that cut off the access from the outside, there were only four exits.

[Earthy Tiger] Cahill and his henchmen looked relieved as they were only about 20 meters away from getting out on the west end.

As long as they could get out of this exit, they would be able to disappear into the capital like a drop of water into the ocean; zero traces of them could be found as they were really familiar with the terrain and the structure of St. Petersburg. After all, every bastard had his own escaped planned out ahead of time; they were confident that they couldn’t be traced by any organization.

“Quick, follow me…… Right, Andy, did you bring those two girls?” Cahill asked in a low voice.

“Head, don’t worry, I got it.” A short and thin mercenary with an eye patch sneered. Beside him, there was another tall and strong mercenary. Both of them had a big bag on their shoulders, and it was clear that two people were locked in the bags under the light of the moon and the torches. However, it was obvious that those two girls’ mouths had been stuffed. They were only able to whine in desperation.

“Too scary! Real scary! Who is that mysterious mage with that mask? He is a devil from hell! The leader with five-star ice-elemental warrior energy is quite a character in the empire, but that devil easily chopped his head off.” One of the mercenaries sighed as he staggered.

“Doesn’t matter who he is….. We made it out…… Hahaha, when we actually get free, we can vent off our frustration on these two girls, heheheh.” Some mercenaries were just glad that they were lucky.

“Shut up, all of you!” Cahill turned around and shouted in a low voice: “I have plans with those two girls, so don’t lay your fingers on them! Otherwise, don’t blame me for being ruthless.” His expression looked cruel.

All his henchmen didn’t dare to say anything.

After seeing this, Cahill turned his head back around. However, before he could keep running, his pupil contracted, and cold sweat slid down his forehead.

In front of him, there was a man with a huge sword stabbed into the ground. This figure was bulky, and he was standing in the shadow of the walls. With a set of mysterious armor, this man looked like an invincible lion. He was wearing a layer of stars, his red hair was fluttering in the air, and his capes was making a lot of noises in the wind.

Powerful. A terrifying sensation came off of this figure.

The mercenaries only took one look at this man, and they already felt like they were like stray dogs standing in front of a king of the jungle. The flood-like momentum that was being given off by this man was shocking.

“Who…… Who are you?” Although Cahill was a strong character, his voice was shaking as he knew he was no match for this man.

“Blood-Edge?” The man asked with a clear voice.

“Who…… Who are you?” The mercenaries’ face changed color; they knew that this man was after them.

“Are you guys a part of Blood-Edge Mercenary Group?”

Tick, tick, tick…… It was the noise of upper teeth colliding with the lower teeth rapidly. The mercenaries had already sensed the murderous intent coming off of the man, and they felt like this was their end. They had imposed this desperation feel onto their powerless victims, and they felt like great rulers of other people’s destiny. However, when they were on the other side of the table, they suddenly realized how scary the desperation was.



* * *





Chapter 259




Chapter 259

Chapter 259: I’m Late Again? (Part One)

“You are not going to admit it? So you are?” Under the stars, that man slowly pulled out the sword by the exit. “Zodiac Leo Saint Seiya Frank-Lampard of Chambord is here to kill!”

“Chambord?”

Until now, the Blood-Edge Mercenaries finally knew where the origin of this chaos was.

“King of Chambord?”

“Actually him?”

“Let’s all attack! Kill him!” Cahill was a little scared. He commanded his henchmen to initiate the attack while he slowly backed off; he was already thinking of his escape.

But at the next moment –

Clench of the fist.

At the center of Lampard’s fist, a bright dot shone; it was so bright that it lit up the nightly sky.

This dot was as bright as lightning, and it hurt the eyes of all the mercenaries. Then, the dot branched out and created numerous fishnet like light strands.

Lightning Speed Fist!

The mercenaries felt like their visions blurred, and the man in front of them disappeared.

They were all standing still, but they realized that they lost the control of their bodies. While they were surprised, they suddenly heard a series of dense ramming noises.

Bam! Bam! Bam!

It sounded like fists hitting the metal armors. All the mercenaries were shocked to find numerous caved fists marks on each other’s armors. As if they were hit by invisible fists, a series of bone crackling noises sounded; even Cahill got his bones broken.

The only people that were unharmed were the two girls inside the bags on the two mercenaries’ shoulders.

“Fast…… fast…… such fast…… fist……. I…… You……”

As his pupils started to dilute, [Earthy Tiger] Cahill started to realize that the lightning-like light web was actually the paths of his opponent’s fists. The speed of those fists was so fast that he didn’t catch them at all. Only after that man finished the attack, they felt the desperation as the powerful energy destroyed their bodies.

There was no way that they could have dodged that attack.

“How powerful is he? How can he use something like this?” The mercenaries thought to themselves.

“With strength like this, he is not weaker than the leader…… How can someone like him be so loyal to the King of Chambord?”

“Just how powerful are the Chambordians?”

When he was dying, Cahill finally understood what kind of enemy Blood-Edge created for itself. At the same time, he knew that what happened tonight wasn’t just an assassination of their leader; he felt like the King of Chambord had already planned everything out, and it was impossible for anyone at Blood-Edge to escape.

Bam! Bam! Bam!

Clouds of blood mists appeared.

The mercenaries of Blood-Edge exploded like bombs, and their bone fragments and tore organs stained the walls. This terrifying scene was created by Lampard who injected his lightning elemental warrior energy and fist power into the mercenaries’ bodies.

Died without leaving behind full corpses.

“Ounn……” Terrified whining sounded from the bags as they landed on the ground.

Lampard frowned as he looked at them.

At this time, another figure suddenly appeared by the exit. After that figure saw the scene, he was stunned: “Eh…… all killed? Damn, I’m late!”

……

“Hahaha, this path is blocked!”

Under the moonlight, Pierce and Drogba who summoned their Capricorn and Taurus Star Saint Set looked like two Iron Gods of Slaughter. They stood in the middle of the exit on the east side o

f Blood-Edge’s headquarter, and they sneered viciously at the mercenaries who were running towards them. Their huge bodies completely blocked the path for the thirty to fourth mercenaries.

“Who are you?”

“Fuck off!”

“You want to die?”

“Die!”



Chapter 259: I’m Late Again? (Part Two)

The mercenaries of Blood-Edge who were running for their lives swung their chilling weapons as they rushed towards the two men; they weren’t really scared as they had the numbers advantage. Among them, there were warriors who hadn’t even met the star-level requirements, there were three-star warriors, and one of the six top-tier fighters of Blood-Edge – [Violent Lizard] Danti was hidden in the group as well. They were all planning to rush out of this exit.

However –

“Hahaha, taste the anger of the Golden Taurus – [Gigantic Long Horn]!”

“Godly Blade of Judgment – [Saint Sword Excalibur]!”

The two strongmen charged at the vicious mercenaries of Blood-Edge, and the blurred images of a tough golden bull and an ancient sword appeared behind them. The two complete different surging energy appeared, and they merged with the two strongmen’s bodies.

At the next moment, the energy disappeared.

Both Pierce and Drogba appeared behind the crowd.

All of the mercenaries still kept their previous poses, but they froze.

[Violent Lizard] Danti; he only half-drew his sword, and he lost the opportunity to continue drawing.

The mercenaries’ armor shattered, and their weapons broke. Clothes, helmets, bones, muscles…… all of that turned into small pieces.

Domination!

Blood stained the path, and the scene looked like the battlefield that got destroyed by a huge monster, and it looked like the battlefield that got pierced by an invisible sword. As the metal pieces landed on the ground and made a series of crisp noises, none of the mercenaries could be found.

Pierce and Drogba turned around and were satisfied with the damage they dealt.

“Damn, it felt good acting like a master! Huh? I killed twenty-five…… Hahaha, more than you!” Drogba counted the unrecognizable corpses and shouted.

“His Majesty taught us that the quality is more important than the quantity. Look at it, there is a mid-tier four-star warrior who had earth elemental warrior energy – he was probably one of the six top-tier fighters ……” Pierce rubbed his chin as he answered back.

At this time, the space beside them rippled.

Inzagi rushed out of the space and said in disappointment: “Huh……. All killed? I’m late again?”

……

Bang! Bang! Bang!

As a series of dense bowstring vibrating noises stopped and the magic energy surge disappeared, sixty to seventy human shaped icicles and ashes appeared by the south side of the exit. The mercenaries of Blood-Edge didn’t struggle too much under the magic arrows of Elena. With the battle bow and delicate magic armors, the Valkyrie-like girl didn’t feel any pressure. She was the Goddess of Archery from Diablo World. She closed her eyes and recovered her mana; she was waiting for the next wave of mercenaries from Blood-Edge to appear.

Inzagi rushed to Elena, and he was sweating so much that white steam was coming off of him. “Sister Elena, you…… you are so fast as well……” Inzagi almost fell from running too fast.

……

“Hey, Fernando, let’s make a deal. Can you just not move next time? So I can take the revenge for our fellow Chambordians who died in the pit as well?”

Looking at the mercenaries of Blood-Edge who died under Torres’ arrows, Warden Oleg realized that his [Corpse-Piling Shock Wave] was too slow to activate. Before he could send out the wave, the enemies would be all killed. He felt like he was the world’s unluckiest “brothel frequenter”. Before he could “shoot”, he was told to add money or else.

“Ok!” Torres answered.

At this moment, a series of noises appeared as a dozen mercenaries rushed towards them.

“Ahahaha, all mine this time! Corpse-Piling Shock Wave…….”

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

A series of bowstring noises sounded beforehand, and all the mercenaries died under the arrows like wheat under a farmer’s sickles.

Before Oleg finished the word “wave”, he looked at Torres with a sad expression; he felt like crying.

Torres: “Ah, sorry, I forgot. Just like what His Majesty said ‘conditioned reflex’…… Hehehe, you know I would get furious when I see them……”

Oleg: “However, you said that at least six times.”

Torres: “Ah? Really? I promise this is the last time.”

Oleg: “You said that at least four times as well.”

At this time, Inzagi who rushed here was about to cry. He propped himself up by pushing on his knees, and he was breathing heavily. He was so tired that he was breathing with his tongue. “Huh……Hu…… His majesty…… new order…… Hu…… You need to…… try to buy more time…… Huhu, his majesty made some new discoveries…… Huh…… So tired……”

……

……

The golden skeleton was standing there quietly, and it was reflecting off a light. It was obvious that this man or creature died thousands of years ago. His armor and flesh had corroded throughout the passage of time.

However, Fe still felt like there was a huge impeccable mountain in front of him. He felt like he wanted to kneel down and worship this skeleton.



* * *





Chapter 260




Chapter 260

Chapter 260: “Demon King’s Wisdom” (Part One)

There was a huge powerful sensation coming off of this skeleton. The sensation was dense as mountains and limitless like the universe. It felt ancient as the earth, and it was vase like the ocean…… The sensation coming off of it was so strong that Fei had a hard time walking under the level 40 Barbarian Mode. As if he was carrying a mountain on his back, his steps were heavy, and all of his bones were crackling like corns being popped in the popcorns machine.

“This golden skeleton must be a supreme entity before his or her death. Although this creature died thousands of years ago, the skeleton had been kept well. This sensation is probably one-thousandth of the actual power sensation of this creature, and it is still way too strong. Compared this, the assassin who was after me that day is like a small ant.”

Fei was more terrified as he observed it more.

“What a lord-like powerful creature would leave behind such traces after death? In legends, a star-class warriors’ bones would corrode after ten years, moon-class elites’ bones would corrode after a hundred years, and the sun-class lords’ bones would corrode after five hundred years…… From the sensation, it is clear that this creature died thousands of years ago. Could it be that this creature is more powerful a sun-class lord? Also, this skeleton is only 1.3 meters tall, and it looks like a kid. But from the thickness of the bones, it seems like this creature was fully grown and was in his or her prime. Could this powerful entity be a dwarf?”

Mystery!

The existence of this golden skeleton was an unsolved mystery!

Fei then looked at the dual-blade axe in this skeleton’s hands.

This battle axe was made from an unknown material. It looked golden, and the handle of the axe was about half a meter long. It was thick on both ends, and it was slender in the middle; a perfect curvature was formed from it. On the handle, a ton of mysterious pathings and symbols were engraved. They looked like magic pathings, and they also looked like rough sketches of animals and plants. These patterns were tightly connected, and they circled around the handle until they reached the blades.

The body of the blades was about two-thirds of the axe. The tip of the blade was as thin as paper, but its back was as thick as a tree. With six blood groves on each side of the blades, the axe looked like a Phoenix that had opened its wings. The wings created two perfect half circles, and the halves met in the center and created a deadly oval.

From all angles, this battle axe looked like an excellent art piece; it was breathtaking.

Finally, Fei concentrated onto the six small hexagonal dents on the axe.

Intuition told Fei that things were inlaid in those dents, and they were lost……. The blade in front of him wasn’t in its final form.

However, Fei was not able to touch the blade.

The impressive sensation coming off of the skeleton repelled him away. Fei tried his best, and he found that he couldn’t walk within a ten-meter radius of the skeleton even when he tried to risk injuring himself. Even after the buff under Barbarian Mode as well as the Hulk Potion and strengthening under heat and chill energies in the underground cave in Chambord, Fei’s iron-like body was about to explode when he tried to walk into that zone.

After several attempts, Fei gave up and focused on other stuff in this space.

This space was like a basement or an underground tomb. It wasn’t big; it was only about two to three hundred square meters. It was surrounded by a type of light yellow stones, and the walls were very smooth. Silver light would flash through the walls mysteriously and orderlessly. What surprised Fei was that

those silver lights didn’t emit a powerful sensation; they were very calm.

Except for the portal behind Fei, there weren’t any other exits in here.

Behind the golden skeleton, a cloud of silver energy was flashing around. This silver energy gave off a similar peaceful sensation as the silver lights on the walls. Fei slowly circled around the golden skeleton and walked towards that silver energy.

It was a book.

A book that was floating in the air.

The book was five-fingers thick, and it was in a square shape with thirty centimeters on each side. As if it was stained with blood, the book was in a dark red color. Interestingly, the pages were flipping automatic themselves.

Every time the page turned, numerous silver characters would appear on the vague and white page. It was really magical.

Fei observed it carefully.



Chapter 260: “Demon King’s Wisdom” (Part Two)

He realized that the characters were the ones used on Azeroth that could be traced back to the era of gods and demons. These characters were hard to understand; the spelling and grammar were really different from the language that was being used on the continent now. Since this language was only rarely used and not lost, Fei studied this language before in Chambord’s Royal Library, and he was able to understand 10-20% of the meaning.

“This books covers knowledge about the mechanisms, traps, architectures, forging, smelting, gathering ……”

Fei was stunned. He realized that the knowledge recorded in this book was so vast that it was like an encyclopedia.

The book was more than a hundred pages long, and there were a lot of illustrations. The pages contained information and pictures of weapons, buildings, traps, palaces, defense walls, and etc. All of these were displayed by the silver energy while the pages turned themselves.

On the last page of the book, a few lines of bigger characters were writing in a different font. These characters were written in the book rather than being displayed by the silver energy.

The lines were simple: “These are all the generous gifts…… from Demon King His Majesty…… [Demon King’s Wisdom]…… [Demon King’s Punishment]…… [Demon King’s Sword]…… [Demon King’s Memory]…… [Demon King’s Wishes]…… [Demon King’s Calculations] …… [Demon King’s…….] …… Despicable Gods…… Lost…… escaped…… I’m about to die…… They came…… Battle until death…… protect …… We die with grudge…… Demon Deity’s Honor…… Inherit……”

There were only three to four hundred words, but Fei had a hard time reading through them. The writing was choppy themselves, and the grammar was bad. With Fei’s bad understanding of the language, those were all the information he could extract.

After the last page, the book flipped back to its cover page.

Fei saw a few characters –

[Demon King’s Wisdom]

So this book was called [Demon King’s Wisdom]

After seeing these words, Fei immediately understood what the generous gifts meant. The names such as [Demon King’s Wisdom] and [Demon King’s Punishment] were all the treasures that the “Demon King” left. Just from the knowledge in [Demon King’s Wisdom], Fei could tell that this “Demon King” was an ingenious figure. Although Fei wasn’t sure how powerful this “Demon King” was, this entity was at least a very wise figure.

“Except this book [Demon King’s Wisdom], what about the others, like [Demon King’s Punishment] and [Demon King’s Sword]? Are they books as well? Or something else?”

Fei realized that he discovered a huge treasure by accident.

Just this book in front of him was more valuable than all the stuff in the main hall. Fei who had all seven classes’ knowledge from Diablo World, the accumulation of wisdom he learned from Akara and Cain, as well as the miraculous skill [Learn], he was able to identify the good from the bad. As soon as he read [Demon King’s Wisdom], he knew what kind of treasure he got. If he was able to turn the knowledge in this book into actual production in the real world, Chambord’s civilization and strength would be comparable to level 9 Empires on this continent.

“So this is the strength of Chambord?”

[Zenit’s God of War] Arshavin who was standing on a tower was shocked by what he saw.

Chambord’s strength was beyond his imagination.

In the last twenty minutes, he witnessed the massacre that the mercenaries of Blood-Edge went through. The four exits in four directions were the design that Blood-Edge was proud of. Using this design, Blood-Edge’s headquarter was as secure as the royal palace. In several battles between the mercenaries groups in St. Petersburg, Blood-Edge was able to avoid being wiped by others using this design. However, the design they were proud of turned into death traps.

All four exits were guarded by terrifying warriors of Chambord.



* * *





Chapter 261




Chapter 261

Chapter 261: Maybe One Day (Part One)

All four exits were guarded by Chambordians.

At the first exit, a red-haired warrior with a huge sword was guarding it. This man had a lightning elemental warrior energy, and his punching speed was so fast that it was hard to catch. Arshavin who was a six-star warrior was only able to roughly see where this man’s fists were. It would be very difficult for him to dodge the fists if he tried. Arshavin knew this man mastered a lightning elemental combat technique.

At the second exit, there were two huge men wearing strange armors. One of them was black-haired, and the other one was white-haired. Their muscular bodies would allow them to create a dragon-roaring noise whenever they swung their fists, and it made them look like two beasts in human skins. In addition, their combat techniques were advanced; those two techniques felt ancient and mysterious like the stars.

At the third exit, there was a beautiful female magic archer who Arshavin saw on the Peak of East Mountain at Chambord. Compared to a month ago, this magic archer’s power had almost quadrupled. The storm-like arrows and vast magic power on those arrows told [Zenit’s God of War] that this archer didn’t use any combat techniques. The damage was purely done by this archer’s lightning, ice, and fire magic power as well as her archery skills. However, this girl wasn’t weaker than the red-haired warriors who was guarding the first exit.

At the fourth exit, there was a handsome blonde young man. This man’s archery skill was like an art. He looked like an elf who was dancing under the moon as he used the bow and arrows. What was the most surprising was that there weren’t any magic power on the arrows that this young man shot out, but they contained a mysterious power. Arshavin didn’t know what power that was, but he felt like those arrows could pierce through any armors; the bodily protective warrior energy of four-star warriors couldn’t protect again these arrows at all. Beside this young man, there was a huge fat dude. Although he hadn’t got the chance to show what he had, he had a chilling and demonic sensation around him; it was obvious that he was a great warrior as well.

Four exits, six master warriors.

The six warriors with these powers would be invited and recruited by the superpowers at St. Petersburg as well as the top ten battle legions.

“Since when did the monster-like King Alexander of Chambord cultivate these master warriors? Since when did Chambord acquire such an impressive amount of power?”

Arshavin who had been through a lot of life-and-death moments on the battlefield was shocked by the one-sided massacre.

Besides the shock, [Zenit’s God of War] who was very influential in the empire sensed a vague threat.

“If this trend continues, would King of Chambord be strong enough to stand up against Zenit?”

……

In the sky, on top of the dark cloud.

The talkative number one traveling poet of the empire, Matt Razi, stopped talking for some reason. He squinted his eyes as he looked at the battle happening below him; he was so taken that he even forgot to drink his wine. The flames were getting bigger and bigger, and it symbolized the end of Blood-Edge Mercenary Group…… The speed of this ending was just a little bit too fast. It was so fast that Matt Razi even closed the mouth that he was not willing to close.

However, the eyes of Krasic who was beside him lit up.

Matt Razi caught that.

“Old friend, I feel like you are moved. Are you really going to do it?” Matt Razi asked.

“Eh.”

“You know what kind of strength Chambord has now, and do you know what that would mean for the empire?”

“Eh.”

/p

“So you are still going to do it?”

“Time.”

“Ah…… There so many things that are not controllable in life. What can you do with powerful strength? What can you do with noble status? What can you do with everyone respecting you? It is all just a game, and only the most powerful person would win the final prize!”

Matt Razi said as if he was summarizing the journey of life.

Whoosh!

Krasic moved, and he turned into the dash of light that disappeared into the darkness.

……

……

Buzz!

Chapter 261: Maybe One Day (Part Two)

When Fei reached out for the [Demon King’s Wisdom], a series of silver energy rippled, and an invisible shield appeared to block Fei’s fingers.

The repulsion force from this energy shield was so strong that Fei wouldn’t even make a tiny dent on its surface.

At this time, Fei found out surprisingly that there were six stone lanterns that were also floating in the air. There weren’t wicks nor fuel in the lanterns, but there were green fires burning inside them. The six stone lanterns were chained together by eighteen stone chains that had a ton of symbols and characters on them, and they together surrounded [Demon King’s Wisdom] as if they were moons that surrounded the earth.

Perhaps Fei’s attention was completely drawn by [Demon King’s Wisdom], and that caused him not to see the stone lanterns and stone chains.

He tried to get the book several times, but he wasn’t able to do so.

Fei frowned as he tried to come up with plans. He had to get everything in here; the golden skeleton, the [Demon King’s Wisdom], the stone lanterns and chains, the silver energy and symbols on the walls…… they were all secretive, and he couldn’t let them fall into the hands of others.

Soon, he had an idea.

Buzz……

He used one of the three miraculous skill [Summon] and created another sky-blue portal.

He walked through it and appeared in [Rogue Encampment].

It looked like that mysterious stone room didn’t block Fei from using his skills nor his portals. Since that succeeded, he was able to continue with his plan.

If the plan worked, he would be able to turn this stone room into his own backyard garden.

……

After ten minutes.

Blue lights flashed, and Fei reappeared in the dark pit in the underground. When he stepped on the same footprints, the cranking mechanism gear noises sounded again. After a light buzzing noise, the portal disappeared.

Fei used his spiritual power and pushed all the bones to aside.

Behind those footprints, there were two foot-shaped mechanisms.

They were like two paddles, and two mid-tier magic stones would be pushed into the magic array on the wall to activate it when someone stepped on them. When they were stepped on again, the two magic stones would be taken out of the array, and the teleport portal would close due to a lack of power.

This explained why Fei was able to activate the portal the first time.

After observing the mechanisms, his feet sent a force downward and destroyed all of them. The mechanisms were turned into dust along with the bones, and no trace was left behind. Then, Fei placed his palms on the wall and rubbed it. After he took his palms off of the wall, a ton of stone dust fell off, and the magic array was completely wiped out. Since the walls in the pit were rough to begin with, no one would be able to tell that there was a magic array on this wall before.

After Fei inspected it again and made sure it was clean, he jumped out of the deep pit.

The underground hall was still being lit up by the treasures and valuables, and it felt like nothing had happened. Fei was sure that even Sun-Class Lords won’t be able to enter that mysterious stone room without that magic array to lead them.

Also, Fei suddenly understood what was going on.

It was obvious that another person came to this underground hall and entered that mysterious stone room frequently.

If Fei wasn’t wrong, it was the leader of Blood-Edge.

That man was really lucky. It seemed like this man was trying to build a deep underground warehouse in this pre-existing cave, but he was able to activate that mysterious magic array and entered the stone room. After he saw the golden skeleton and [Demon King’s Wisdom], he realized the value of them, and he killed all the workers to keep the secret to himself.

However, since this leader of Blood-Edge wasn’t that strong, he couldn’t approach that golden skeleton and get that war axe, and he couldn’t break away the shield guarding [Demon King’s Wisdom]. He was only able to see the knowledge that was being displayed from afar and learn the basic magic traps and mechanisms.

It seemed like all the magic traps that were set up in the entrance were done by the leader of Blood-Edge to prevent others from coming in.



* * *





Chapter 262




Chapter 262

Chapter 262: This Man is A Blood-Edge Member (Part One)

However, since the leader of Blood-Edge didn’t understand the knowledge recorded in the book in detail, he wasn’t able to do it properly. The design of the traps made Fei who was great under Assassin Mode clap his hands, but the leader of Blood-Edge butchered the implementation and execution of it. If Fei was the only who created the traps, the power of those traps would at least double; they would easily block the path for six-star or seven-star warriors.

This also explained why Fei was able to find books and scrolls that covered the translation between the ancient text and modern language. It was probably because the leader of Blood-Edge was really careful and didn’t want to let translators see the content of [Demon King’s Wisdom]. He decided to learn the ancient text himself and slowly understand the book.

It was fortunate that the leader of Blood-Edge was careful, and the news of that mysterious stone room didn’t leak out. Otherwise, the superpowers at Zenit would have detected it and secured this treasure before Fei.

In fact, Fei’s guesses were 90% accurate.

That was what happened.

A man can only plan for so much. After the leader of Blood-Edge discovered this place, he held onto the secret tightly; even his closest henchman didn’t know about the mysterious space in the underground hall.

From now on, Fei was the only one who knew about the existence of that mysterious stone room.

A lot was gained unexpectedly in this operation to take out Blood-Edge.

The only thing that made Fei a little upset was that the calling sensation came from the golden skeleton, and that skeleton made him feel very familiar and intimate. However, Fei couldn’t get close to the skeleton under his current power level, and he couldn’t really understand what message that calling sensation was conveying.

It looked like he had to take it slow.

As Fei was turning around and getting ready to leave.

Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom!

“AHAHAHAHAH……”

After a series of loud explosions and gear grinding noises, Fei knew that other people had come in. It was obvious that master warriors were using their warrior energies to destroy the magic traps. Also, a series of soldiers whining and screaming noises were also mixed in with all these other sounds.

Actually, Fei wasn’t really surprised.

After he walked into the tunnel, he didn’t seal the entrance to the underground hall. All the other forces at St. Petersburg saw the end of Blood-Edge and wanted to come and take their share of the resources. When they saw the tunnel behind the throne, they all rushed in one after another with their minds filled with greed. They encountered the magic traps and mechanical obstacles, and they were using brute force to pass through them.

Fei didn’t try to hide his existence.

As the exploding and colliding noises became closer and closer, Fei used the last bit of alone time to search the underground hall to make sure that he didn’t miss any treasures that were important.

Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom!

“We passed! Finally!”

“Quick! Get in! I smelled treasure!”

“Who dares to fight with our Beag Family?”

“Fight? Don’t forget our agreement!”

Chapter 262: This Man is A Blood-Edge Member (Part Two)

After the last bit of dense exploding noises, the magic traps and mechanical obstacles were all cleared. A lot of people were shouting at each other as they rushed in, and Fei was quite familiar with some of their voices. All these people were literally charging at the treasures with their red eyes.

“Ah, gold, magic gems….. Haha, mountains of them!

”

“Damn, Blood-Edge has a lot of accumulations. We already cleared ten treasure warehouses, and there are more here in this basement?”

“Huh? God, so many items…… weapons …… armors…… so sturdy and so sharp…… Used hundred-forge technique? So many?”

“So many items made from refined iron…… Enough to equipment a medium size cavalry team.”

“Every piece of weapon or armor would worth more than a hundred gold coins, and there isn’t enough supply for all the demand. How can these bastards of Blood-Edge get so many of these precious items?”

The first ones that charged in were the frontline soldiers of these superpowers. They were all promised a lot of rewards as long as they cooperated with the master warriors. They used their lives to help the master warriors to get through the magic traps like suicide squads. Under the pressure of death, those soldiers were all thirsty for treasures and ignored everything else. With wounds on their bodies, they shouted and ran around like prisoners who saw a lot of beautiful women.

Greedy and raw desire shone in their eyes.

If the superpowers didn’t pressure them down, they would be killing each other.

At this time, a man saw Fei. “Huh? There is someone else here.”

“Must be a member of Blood-Edge who wasn’t killed off. Looks like he is not a low-status mercenary. Let’s all kill him and use his head for rewards!” Someone clenched his blade as he suggested to everyone around him. Since they knew Fei wasn’t one of them, their desire to kill grew; they didn’t care if Fei was really a member of Blood-Edge. In fact, those soldiers even wanted to kill their peers to keep all the treasure to themselves.

That provocation worked.

“Let’s go!”

“Kill!”

They saw that Fei was young and was alone, and the last bit of hesitation in their minds was gone.

“I’m not a member of Blood-Edge.” Fei said clearly.

“Bullsh*t! Kill him!” The soldiers shouted: “If you don’t want to die, drop your weapon and let us search you.”

“Huh! Greedy bastards!”

Fei didn’t bother to explain himself twice to the soldiers who couldn’t think clearly. He sneered, and an invisible energy shot out of his body. More than twenty soldiers who were running at him were knocked back like eggs smashed onto stones; they flew back while puking up blood. When they landed on the ground, they all looked at Fei in shock; they couldn’t even stand up.

Fei already held back.

If these soldiers weren’t from the superpowers that he had an agreement with and he didn’t care for these soldiers, he could have used his level 40 Barbarian’s strength and turned these soldiers into blood mists and bones.

After sensing Fei’s power, all the soldiers started to back off while staring at each other’s face.

At this moment –

“What is going on? Who is he?” A man and a woman walked into the hall as the man asked with an arrogant voice.

The one in the front was a young beautify woman who had a perfect figure. She was wearing a silver armor, and she was the princess Beyoncé Beag of Beag Family.

This woman had met Fei once before, and they had a confrontation. As the VIP audiences of Fei’s duel were targeted by the Spartax Assassins, the genius of Dean Family was killed, and Beyoncé’s grandfather was killed as well. But under the protection of her grandfather, Beyoncé survived. However, both Fei and Beyoncé weren’t expecting to see each other tonight. It was obvious that Beag Family was one of the participates in tonight’s operation.

Behind Beyonce, there was a young mage. He was wearing a black robe and a silver crown with a ruby inlaid in it. There were five stars on the robe of the mage, and it showed his five-star mage status. Since the young man was only twenty-three, twenty-four years old, he would be considered a genius with his five-star power. Although the man was young and handsome with the brown long hair, he looked arrogant as if he was better than anyone else.

“Huh?” Beyonce was surprised to see Fei here.

“You know him?” The young mage frowned.

A strange light flashed through Beyonce eyes. After a short moment of pause, she said something made Fei a little surprised.

“I don’t know him.” She said.

The young mage was a little relieved. He looked around and said to one of the soldiers that were on the ground: “Lafa, what is going on?”

That soldier slowly got up, looked at Fei viciously, and kneeled down in front of the young man. “Your Highness, this man is a member of Blood-Edge. He is arrogant, and he is not willing to surrender.” Lafa said in a wronged tone.

“Oh? Kill him!” The young mage said lightly.

After he couldn’t sense any warrior energy or magic power from Fei, he looked at Fei in disdain. He then quickly moved his eyes onto the items in the hall. It was obvious that he was more interested in the treasures and weapons.

But after a while.

The young mage looked back at the soldiers who were hesitating; the soldiers didn’t execute on his command.

“Huh? What? You guys dare to disobey me?” The young mage got angry.

“Your Highness…… He…… He is too powerful. We…… We couldn’t defeat him……” The soldier named Lafa stuttered as he said.



* * *





Chapter 263




Chapter 263

Chapter 263: Do You know Who I Am? (Part One)

“You disappoint me……” The young mage said as he pressed his palm onto Lafa’s forehead. A cloud of fire suddenly appeared on his hand and instantly created a burned and nose-piercing roasted smell. The poor soldier cried and screamed in desperation, but that didn’t help him survive the flame. After a few seconds of torture, his body turned into a cloud of ash. “What can you do? Trash……” The young man murmured as he cleaned his hand with a delicate golden handkerchief.

The entire underground hall turned silent.

All the soldiers looked at the young man while shivering; they were all scared by the man’s cruelty. As a response, they all kneeled down and didn’t dare to breathe heavily.

“You can suicide now so you don’t have to go through the pain of getting burned up.” The young man smiled at Fei.

“I’m not a member of Blood-Edge.” Fei shook his head as he said.

“Doesn’t matter if you are one of them or not. I just want to see you die in front of my eyes.” The young man smiled again; he didn’t hide his disdain at all.

“Oh? Interesting.” Fei laughed. The King of Chambord hated people who were arrogant in front of him. He felt like pranking this young man, so he said: “Do you know who I am?”

“I don’t need to know who you are, you just need to know who I am.” The young man said with a cold expression on his face: “I want you died, so you have to die.”

“Oh? Interesting. Can you tell me who you are?” Fei was still smiling.

“Low life, you talk too much.” The young mage started to get impatient. He lightly raised his hand, and red flame reappeared in his palm. The fire increased the temperature of the underground hall by several degrees, and the young mage pointed the flame at Fei as he lightly said his name: “Chrystal, the fourth prince of the empire. Now you know my name, so die!”

Boom!

A ton of fire spread from his arm, and the fire made everyone feel like the entire hall was being burned. Then, all of the fire circled in the air and formed a huge dragon. In an angry roar, the dragon charged at Fei and soon enveloped his body.

It was Fire Elemental Magic – [Fire of Dragon], a spell on the level of peak Four-Star mage.

Although Chrystal didn’t give it all he got, this [Fire of Dragon] was one of his proudest attack magic.

Every time the fire turned the opponents that he hated into beautiful ashes, Chrystal would feel a satisfaction while listening to the screams and the whining.

Now, he was anticipating the arrogant and poor opponent in front of him to become the source of his joy.

He closed his eyes and couldn’t wait to hear the terrifying screams and begs for forgiveness that was like music to his ears.

However –

After more than a dozen seconds, there wasn’t any “music”.

He opened his eyes.

He saw something that shocked him.

The roaring fire dragon that [Fire of Dragon] created suddenly got quiet, and it wasn’t able to move forward anymore.

One hand grabbed onto the neck of the fire dragon through the heat and fire as if it was a cat. As if that fire that could melt iron encountered something terrifying, it whined as it started to disappear. In a few seconds, the four-star fire elemental magic [Fire of Dragon] was put out.

The method used was to lightly squeeze it with one hand.

Fourth prince Chrystal’s pupil contracted instantly.

He was arrogant, but he wasn’t an idiot. It was obvious that the power the man in front of him had was far beyond his imagination. His opponent destroyed his a

ttack with a single hand, and his opponent told him that he was no match for him with silence.

“Who are you?” Chrystal’s face got serious as he asked. He didn’t try to attack the second time; he knew he would be embarrassing himself even if he tried his best.

“Didn’t you say that you don’t need to know who I am?”



Chapter 263: Do You know Who I Am? (Part Two)

Fei put down his hand as he answered with a smile. However, this smile no longer looked weak in Chrystal’s eyes; it looked like the calm before the storm.

The fourth prince Chrystal paused for a second and said with an ugly face: “Strength won’t give you the privilege of being reckless in front of a prince.”

“Haha, the status of a prince also won’t give you the privilege to be reckless in front of someone who is a lot stronger than you. Your Highness, I need to be honest. From now on, I don’t want to hear any noise from you. Don’t act so superior in front of me because of your little status and shut your mouth. Otherwise, I can’t promise you that I will let you leave here in one piece……” Fei suddenly heard more footsteps from the entrance of the tunnel, and he lost the interest in teasing this arrogant and sick little prince.

“You…..”

The fourth prince got angry, but all the anger and pride disappeared as he saw the ice-cold stare from his opponent. He didn’t dare to say anything that might make himself look better.

The footsteps got louder and louder as another group of people appeared.

“Yeh? Alexander, so you are here. I was looking for you.” Paris’s eyes lit up as she saw Fei. She was in her signature white dress with a red rose in her hand. She greeted: “Hehehehe, looks like you have been here for a while.”

“I just got here.” Fei responded calmly.

Behind Paris, there was [Red-Beard] Granello and a dozen master warriors from Imperial Patrol. In the center of this group of people, there was a handsome young man, who was prettier than a woman, with a little dog that was disabled in his arms. This man was still quite sleepy as he staggered around while his long black hair fluttering in the air.

Fei also saw Knight Captain Romain who protected Elder Princess Tanasha at Chambord. He also saw Ziene, the girl who was pretty yet powerful and protected Tanasha closely as well. Beside them, there were more than a dozen soldiers who were wearing black iron battle armor with the words [Iron Blood] engraved onto their chest plates. Those soldiers had three-star warrior energy surging around them, and Fei knew they were the master warriors from [Iron Blood Legion] that was under the command of [Zenit’s God of War].

Except these two groups of people, there was also a knight who was wearing a bronze battle armor. His body was slender, and his long hair was fluttering outside of the helmet. He had a shiny crystal mask on his face that made him look very mysterious. Behind him, there were also more than a dozen master warriors dressed in bronze battle armor with crystal masks on their faces. Although their faces couldn’t be seen, the chilling lights in their eyes told everyone that they were all elite warriors who had been through deadly battles.

Fei wasn’t sure which force these people belonged to.

Then, a priest dressed in the robe of Holy Church slowly walked down the stairs that led to the hall. He looked peaceful, and his black and white robe was worn by him for a long time. There were a ton of patches on the robe, and these patches looked like dark flowers that blossomed on the robe. The priest was about fifty years old, and his hair and beard were turning white. He was wearing a pair of shoes made from dry straws, and a ton of scars was visible on his feet. Just like the patches on his robe, those scars looked ancient.

“Uh? From Holy Church? Are they also involved in this operation? Something smells funny……” Fei didn’t react on the surface, but his brain was working extra-hard.

This old priest was alone, and he was slow; it felt like he was taking his time with every step.

There was still a ton of people behind him; although those people looked anxious, they didn’t dare to surpass this priest. It wasn’t just because of Holy Church’s name; a powerful energy was coming off of this old priest, and it made the others tremble a little. This power was vast like the ocean, broad like the sky, and warm like the sun; even Fei was moved by it.

The old priest slowly walked into the underground hall, and he looked up at Fei before lowered his head again. He didn’t look at anyone else, and he looked like he didn’t care about anyone else. However, no one in the hall dared to ignore his existence.

After the old priest got down the stairs, more people rushed in.

These people had a grassroots feel to them. They all looked rough and vicious, but they were all very aware of the surroundings. Although they were wearing the same uniforms, they were using different weapons and felt very different from the warriors from Imperial Patrol and [Iron Blood Legion]. Fei sensed a familiar sensation; they were similar to the mercenaries of Blood-Edge.

In the underground hall that wasn’t huge, there were more than a hundred people.

They were all staring at the mountains made from gold and magic gems, as well as the weapon racks with a ton of top-tier items that were enough to equip a medium sized cavalry team. However, no one talked.

Each of the group claimed a spot as they looked at each other with their guards up.

The invisible pressure was dispersing in the hall slowly.



* * *





Chapter 264




Chapter 264

Chapter 264: I Have Something to Say (Part One)

Atmosphere – Tense, heavy, and scary.

Fei was standing alone at the corner, and he was just smiling while observing the surroundings. He didn’t want to talk first.

“Hehehehe, since none of you want to speak first, I will take the lead.” As the person who set up the operation and talked to all parties, Paris laughed as she walked up and broke the silence. She was the one who was qualified to speak up.

With everyone’s attention on her, the girl walked up to Fei and said with a smile: “Alexander, let me introduce everyone to you. Hehehe, this generous and powerful priest is Balesi from Holy Church on the Holy Mountain. He is following Mr. Kaka, [God’s Favorite Child], on the trip, and they are temporarily resting at St. Petersburg……”

Fei nodded peacefully, but he was secretly in shock.

He faked the identity of [God’s Favorite Child] when he used Paladin Mode in the past, and he didn’t expect there was a real [God’s Favorite Child] in the empire. As the [God’s Favorite Child] of the Holy Church, this Kaka’s status was prestige, and he shouldn’t be after the money of Blood-Edge. After recalling that the church people were really friendly towards him during his duel with the Seventh Executive Knight, Fei suddenly got a little uncomfortable, and his guards went up a little bit.

After hearing Paris’ introduction, Priest Balesi who looked calm and peaceful nodded. He was really neutral.

“This is Mr. Cande, the number one warriors of the [Bronze Spear] Guards of the Fellon Family……” Paris pointed at the warrior who was wearing the bronze armor as she introduced him to Fei as well.

This Fellon Family was one of the superpowers behind Blood-Edge Mercenary Group, and Blood-Edge didn’t expect this family to give up on them. Fellon Family probably only did so after the situation became irreversible. Although from the information that Paris got, the Fellon Family didn’t support the slave trade of Blood-Edge, Fei didn’t have any good impression of this family.

It was obvious that the number one warrior of [Bronze Spear] Guard – Cande, who was behind the crystal mask, didn’t have a good impression of Fei as well. This man only sneered after Paris’ introduction.

However, Fei didn’t care. He only nodded at Paris to show his acknowledgment.

“These people, Captain Romain and Ms. Ziene, I believe you have met before. This is the fourth prince Chrystal, and the lady beside His Highness is the successor of Beag Family, Ms. Beyonce. I believe you also met her after your duel with the Seventh Executive Knight……” Paris’ attitude towards Fei was really intimate; it made everyone feel like she and Fei were a couple in love. She stood close to Fei and lightly whispered into Fei’s ears as she introduced everyone – “These misters are all leaders of other big mercenary groups at St. Petersburg. This mister is the guardian of the Soros’ Merchant Group’s branch at St. Petersburg, Elder Ladino.”

Until now, fourth prince Chrystal who had an ugly expression finally knew who this young man was. The young man who dared to make fun of him was the King of Chambord who suddenly got famous recently. After thinking about what this man did, Chrystal felt like he was being treated fairly. After all, the man in front of him dared to offend the Imperial Knight Palace.

However, the fourth princes’ competitiveness grew even wilder after knowing Fei’s identity.

Both of them were the geniuses of the young generation, but Chrystal was a royalty of the empire who was born with a golden spoon in his mouth. He had only been hearing flattering words whe

n he was growing up, and he became very arrogant; he wasn’t going to let a little king of an affiliated kingdom stand on top of him.

For a moment, vicious lights flashed through Chrystal’s eyes.

“According to the plan we have in place, Chambord is able to get 30% of the total rewards after wiping out Blood-Edge Mercenary Group. The elder prince and the second prince would each get 15%. Preist Balesi would get 10%, Fellon Family would get 10%, fourth prince and Beag Family would get 10%, and the last 10% would be divided by the rest of the mercenary groups and Soros’ Merchant Group. We shall now proceed with the current distribution plan, does anyone have any questions?”

Paris lightly stated as she glanced around with a nine-pedal rose in her hands; she was wearing her white dress as always.

“I don’t have any questions.” Captain Romain said first; he was always smiling with his baby face. He looked at Fei and greeted: “Long time no see your majesty. I need to congratulate you since you became famous at the capital and Chambord is able to take revenge tonight.”

Beside him, the purple-dressed girl Ziene who always had a cold expression on her face showed a rare smile. The smile appeared on her face as if an iceberg melted and showed the flowers in the ice. As everyone was mesmerized by it, and she nodded at Fei to greet him.

Chapter 264: I Have Something to Say (Part Two)

Fei smiled back politely and said: “Thank you.”

“God said…… greed is one of the original sins…… I have no issues with it.” Balesi from the Holy Church was still looking down at the ground as he said in a low voice.

“Huh!” Cande sneered. He was really not happy about this. Blood-Edge was originally one of the forces under Fellon Family’s control. It was now wiped out by others, and he had to share the treasures with others as well. Although Cande got furious as he looked at Fei, this agreement was made with leaders of a lot of forces ahead of time, and he didn’t dare to push back on it directly.

“Our Soros’ Merchant Group also agree with the previous agreement.” Guardian Ladino of the group was an elder who was thin, and he looked like he was above all the worries of mankind. He nodded at Fei as he said that, and he appeared very friendly.

The representative of Elder Prince – Capitan Romain, the priest Balesi of Holy Church, Guardian Ladino of Soros’ Merchant Group, and the representative of the second prince – Paris were all on Fei’s side. These four forces wanted Blood-Edge to be wiped out, and Fellon Family couldn’t really do anything about it.

But at this moment –

“Wait, I have something to say.” Fourth prince Chrystal suddenly spoke up.

Fei slightly frowned.

As if she expected this from Chrystal, Paris’ facial expression didn’t change at all. She lightly pulled a bloody pedal off of the rose and lightly dropped it onto the ground. She then laughed: “Oh? Do your highness….. What do you want to say?”

Her tone was light, and her actions looked casual; it felt like she wasn’t viewing the fourth prince of the empire as someone important.

In fact, except the second prince, she rarely cared for other people. Her beautiful figure made a lot of people at St. Petersburg fall for her; they want to make this haughty woman their own. However, a lot of people at St. Petersburg also hated her for her vicious strategies and plans. No one dared to make a move on her from both sides. Behind her, there was [Red Beard] Granello, and there was also the madman like Dominguez; the second prince never thought of consequences of his actions, and he was loved by Emperor Yassin.

After seeing Paris pulling off a pedal, some people’s face changed color.

The fourth prince Chrystal’s expression also froze a little. He knew what this meant as he suddenly recalled a terrifying rumor. However, he straightened his back after some hesitation and said: “When we came in, the King of Chambord was already here. It is obvious that he got here a lot earlier than us, and none of us can be sure if he had taken some treasures already.”

“Your highness……” A mid-aged man who was short and had a black bandana on his head spoke out; his eyes lit up as he heard that.

He was Burno, the leader of the biggest mercenary group at St. Petersburg. He was an influential figure.

With someone supporting him, Chrystal got more confident. With a proud expression, he continued: “For example, if there are more precious items here before, and they are all taken by someone ahead of time…… then the leftovers are just some less valuable stuff. Haha, to my knowledge, the King of Chambord has storage rings.”

As he said that, he intentionally peaked at the mysterious black ring Fei was wearing on the right hand.

“This that true? Did the King of Chambord arrive a lot earlier than us?” Finally finding the opportunity, Cande of [Bronze Spear] Guards got excited. A light flashed through his crystal mask as he asked a few soldiers who charged into the hall first. After questioning, he arrived at the same conclusion as Chrystal.

After that, Chrystal got even more arrogant. He sneered at Fei: “Hehehe. That is only the first thing. Second, we had agreed to divide up the properties and treasures of Blood-Edge. We can now see that the King of Chambord burned most of the structures of Blood-Edge. This loss should be deduced from Chambord’s 30% share.”

Your Highness is right.”

“Eh, that makes sense.”

“This fire destroyed most of Blood-Edge. All that is out there are just ruins.”

A lot of people in the crowd agreed with Chrystal, and those people from the mercenary groups and the big family chatted among themselves.



* * *





Chapter 265




Chapter 265

Chapter 265: Strength Lies in the Fist (Part One)

The mercenary groups in St. Petersburg were all backed by the big families. Those families actually didn’t believe that Chambord could wipe out the Blood-Edge; they thought that Chambord could reduce the power of Blood Edge by a lot, and there would be a lot of causalities on both sides. With that level of causalities, it made sense to reward Chambord with 30% of the gains. But after seeing Chambord taking out Blood-Edge so easily, they started to regret giving out so much value. Since there was a reason to reduce Chambord’s share, they all went after it.

Only Paris, Captain Romain, Ziene, Elder Ladino, and Priest Balesi remained silent.

These five people saw how Chambord conquered the Blood-Edge Mercenary Group easily without the help from their king. The master warriors and mage under the King of Chambord all had their specialties; especially that mysterious mage with the mask…… his techniques and spells were just too powerful. All of these strengths with King of Chambord’s power were enough to go against the families who resided in St. Petersburg for hundreds of years. Under this situation, a 30% split was actually not enough. If they could get this new forces to their side, the big forces here today won’t care about the small profit in front of them.

Soros’ Merchant Group didn’t really care about this amount of money. After getting the report from manager Harry Redknapp, they cared more about Fei as an individual. Therefore, the guardian of the branch came here more for observing Fei.

This mysterious yet powerful priest Balesi always had his head down as if he was praying. He was murmuring something with a neutral expression, and no one knew whose side he was on.

The people who were able to see the big picture all kept silent.

It was funny that the fourth prince Chrystal was ambitious and didn’t want to stay quiet in the throne race. He had been trying to grow his influence and power by recruiting a lot of different forces and families. He was trying to match up against the elder prince and second prince in order to get a chance to the throne. If he was able to get the support of Fei, the situation he was in would change dramatically. Instead of recruiting Fei, he pushed Fei to another side.

A person like this would only be boosted even if he thought highly of himself. There was no way that he could get a chance at the throne.

All the forces there knew this, and they couldn’t be happier to see Fei and the fourth prince stand on different sides.

This was the politics of St. Petersburg.

Fei didn’t really sense the underlying current; he just didn’t like this prince. Therefore, he walked forward and smiled as he looked at his opponents: “Oh? You guys are fantastic with the reasoning. So, what should we do?”

“Simple. First of all, we need to deduct the losses of the properties on the ground from your share. After all, you caused the fire, and we shouldn’t be responsible for that.”

The fourth prince said slowly as he looked at Fei.

At this time, the arrogant expression re-appeared on his face. He looked like he was in control of everything as he looked at Fei in disdain. All the negative emotions he felt when Fei dominated over him were all gone. He knew who the people here represented, and he just needed to persuade them. He didn’t think Fei dared to fight against everyone here.

This was pressure via influence!

The influence was king!

“Hahaha, this is strategy and influence. King of Chambord, you are only a bumpkin that is from a remote countryside. How dare you act like that towards me? I will just step on you and show everyone my influence and fame. I will let those noble families who don’t want to supp

ort me see who I am! I will let them see that the fourth son of Emperor Yassin, Andrew-Chrystal, is capable of competing with that trash army man Arshavin and crazy bastard Dominguez.” He thought as he looked at Fei with a provocative expression.

Fei laughed as he responded: “In order to wipe out Blood-Edge, prices need to be paid. I don’t have enough manpower, so I need to use the fire. Even if you guys come here to destroy Blood-Edge, damages would be done. Therefore, these losses shouldn’t be paid by me.”

Although all the treasure here didn’t matter to Fei, he had to maintain his temperament and presence. Since a lot of influential forces were here, Fei would give a dangerous signal if he backed off – they would know that King of Chambord actually does back off under a certain level of pressure. If this happened, they would expect Fei to back off in the future….. It would destroy the “mad wolf” image that Fei tried hard to create. From that point on, Chambord would be always at a disadvantage.

On top of that, Fei just hated the fourth prince.

Since the king wasn’t happy, no one else could be happy. “I will just fight against you. What can you do?” This was the king’s attitude.

Chrystal didn’t expect Fei to be this aggressive in this situation. With anger on his mind, he took a step forward and sneered: “King of Chambord, this isn’t determined by you. Also, you arrived here a lot earlier than us. No one knows if you actually stole the most valuable items. Since you are a king and we want you to keep your dignity, it is better for you to take out everything in your storage ring for us to inspect!”

Chapter 265: Strength Lies in the Fist (Part Two)

Fourth prince’s aggressiveness was supported by others who had malicious intents.

The number one warrior of [Bronze Spear] Guard, Cande, stepped forward, and the ten warriors behind him also took a step forward. The eleven of them looked like Gods of Slaughter, and their warrior energies were unleashed in full. Under the bronze armors, the warrior energy flames grew stronger and stronger. It was obvious that the eleven of them had a set of group combat technique. The warrior energies had synergies with each other. The warrior energies present were a lot stronger than them being added together.

Cande sneered: “Fourth Prince His Highness is right. King of Chambord, I know you are strong, but you have to behave within reason.”

“King of Chambord, just follow the group’s decision.” The leader of [Resting Tiger Mercenary Group] said. This group was the largest mercenary group in St. Petersburg.

“Hand over your storage ring……” The leader of another mercenary group, [Palace of Light], stood by Chrystal’s side as he said.

“King of Chambord, Beag Family also think His Highness is correct. We are not ill-intended. We just want you to hand over the storage ring, and we can let the royal mages to use the spatial magic to take out the stuff in there. After we are sure that none of what you have are from Blood-Edge, we will return everything to you……” The princess of Beag Family, Beyonce, finally stepped out. Her method was even more vicious…… she wanted Fei’s ring.

“Give you guys my storage ring? It is not a funny joke. How can you identify my stuff? How would you know if something is mine or from Blood-Edge?” Fei asked.

“Hahahaha……” The fourth prince started laughing as if he heard something funny. He was laughing so hard that he almost cried. “You are a little king of a level 6 affiliated kingdom. You are poor! What kind of treasures could you have? If there are any kinds of treasure in your ring, it would be from Blood-Edge. What is there to ask?”

The fourth prince didn’t give Fei any room to breathe. He wanted to use this opportunity to step on Fei more.

The opposition between them started before they met each other, and it exploded when they encountered each other. Ambitious Chrystal was planning to get the attention of all the forces at St. Petersburg by destroying the King of Chambord.

“This is a great idea!” The leader of Resting Tiger laughed.

“Since it is a great idea, you should hand over the storage ring now and return 20% of the share as the compensation for the fire……” Cande said in a cold tone.

“Since we all agreed, you should start moving. Give us the ring, King of Chambord!” Beyoncé smiled as she said.

Fei glanced at these people’s expressions and laughed: “Oh? This is your reasoning?”

“Reasons and rules are set by people with strength. A little level 6 affiliated kingdom doesn’t quality……” The fourth prince mocked.

“Hand over the ring!” Cande raised one of his arms and opened his palm as he said that. The ten warriors behind him moved at the same time, and their actions were in unison as if they were the same person. Their guards were up, and they were still in the group combat mode. They didn’t dare to relax when facing a master warrior like Fei.

Fei laughed out even louder.

“You are right. The reasons and rules are set by people with strength. Chambord doesn’t have the strength…… but you guys forgot one thing. What is strength? Strength is not about the level of the kingdom, it is not about the title of nobles, and it is not about the status of royalties. Rather, it is about the fist. The person with the hardest fist is the person in charge.” Fei stretched his body as he continued: “Which one of you is stronger than daddy?”

After listening to this, Paris laughed, Romain laughed as well …… Behind his men, the handsome man with the disabled little dog in his arms also laughed.

In terms of the fourth prince, his expression changed.

At the next moment, before anyone could react, Fei who was laughing changed his expression.

“Yuck! How dare you weak asses play this in front of daddy? Do you want my ring? I don’t think you have the luck!” When the king started to act like himself, he was rough like a madman and tough like a bull. With a mocking expression on his face, he pointed at his opponents’ noses and swore; he didn’t care about his royal status at all.

Pia!

Fei frowned, and a transparent crystal palm mark flew out in a split second.

“Eh…… Puff……”

The fourth prince Chrystal was hit by this, and his teeth and blood flew out of his mouth like a smashed watermelon. His body turned numerous rounds in the air, and he finally stopped when he smashed into a wall. His body slid off of the wall, and his face swelled up like a bread in the oven. His handsome face deformed…… with blood dripping off of his face, it was obvious that half of his facial bones were shattered……

“You…… you dare to hit me?” The fourth prince stared at Fei; he couldn’t even sense the pain since he couldn’t believe what happened.

The entire underground hall was in a dead silence.



* * *





Chapter 266




Chapter 266

Chapter 266: You Scared Now? (Part One)

“Idiot! Since you put your face out there, why shouldn’t I?” Fei looked at the fourth prince as if he was looking at an idiot.

“AHHHHHH! Alexander, you are dead! I swear! You will die soon! How dare you hit me? I’m the fourth prince of the empire!!” Chrystal’s handsome face now looked like pig’s face, and his slit-like eyes were filled with vicious intents. He struggled to get up, and his hoarse scream filled the entire underground hall. “I swear, you will die! All the people around you will die! Chambord will be destroyed……”

“You arrogant ass!”

Fei moved and another transparent crystal palm mark flew across the air.

It was still too fast for the crowd to react to, and the fourth prince who just barely got up was hit again. With blood slashing around, his body turned a full circle in the air as he smashed into the wall behind him again.

This time, the other side of his cheek swelled up.

Most of the people in the hall were experienced warriors, and they were able to tell that the King of Chambord didn’t hold back his strength in the last two hits. If the fourth prince Chrystal wasn’t a five-star mage and had good strength himself, those two slaps would have smashed his head into meat paste. Even with his current strength, his cheekbones were shattered, and he had fainted.

This level of injury wasn’t really lethal; it wasn’t deadly.

Both the priest from Holy Church and Royal Healing Mages would be able to heal Chrystal up without leaving any sequelae.

However, the shame that came with being beaten and getting cheekbones broken was worse in Chrystal’s mind than death.

The fourth prince Chrystal would live in this shame forever…… unless he could return this shame to Fei a hundred times over…… But was it possible? Chambord’s improvement speed was shocking, and everyone was clear about it. That was unstoppable, and Chrystal can’t match that speed even if he was riding a dragon.

For a moment, the underground hall was completely silent.

Except for the people who expected this outcome, everyone else heard their own gasps.

“You…… King of Chambord…… How dare you hit a prince of the empire? You…… are you trying to commit treason?” Beyoncé finally reacted, and her eyes were filled fear and shock. Also, there was a slight excitement and gloat. As soon as she opened her mouth, she stated the word “treason”; it was obvious what her intents were.

Then……

Pia!

Fei’s response was simple – Another transparent crystal palm mark.

“Eh….. Puff!”

Like a fly that was being slapped, this beautiful girl got hit and flew back in the air. Blood and teeth also flew out in the air following a strange trajectory. Half of her face instantly swelled up, and she also hit the wall far away.

Beyonce obviously didn’t have the strength that was similar to Chrystal. This princess of Beag Family fainted after one hit.

Ferociousness!

“Is this King of Chambord’s heart made from iron? This beautiful girl is chased by a lot of noble young man, but this king is able to destroy this flower?” The crowd thought.

“Eh! Arrogant woman!”

Fei sneered as he turned around and looked at the eleven warriors of the [Bronze Spear] Guard from Fellon Family.

“You…… unspeakable! This won’t end here. King of Chambord, you have committed huge crimes. You offended everyone!” The number one warrior of [Bronze Spear] Guard shouted in anger. He was wearing a crystal mask and no one could see the expression

on his face. However, the surprised, scared, and angry emotions in his eyes sold him out.

He was also afraid.

“Offended everyone? How? I’m only using the same reasoning technique you guys used, how can I offend everyone?” Fei sneered as he walked forward. “On another note, you will soon realize one thing – offending me is scarier than offending everyone else!”

Boom!

Before he finished talking, his hands already moved. A transparent crystal fist mark instantly formed, and it smashed towards Cande ruthlessly.

Chapter 266: You Scared Now? (Part Two)

This attack was much more vicious than the transparent crystal palm mark, and the wind created by this strike made everyone feel like there was a tornado in the underground hall. Their bodies got pushed back by force as the transparent crystal fist mark thrust forward and make a trail on the hard stone ground; a long trail about one meter in width appeared on the ground, and chipped stones flew everywhere.

Cande was shocked by this even more.

“[Formation of God] …… Combined Attack!”

Cande shouted, and the ten warriors behind him took a step forward in unison. Warrior energy flames on their bodies grew wilder, and the energies consolidated into Cande’s body. Cande, on the other hand, was constantly making different hand gestures. He used his own warrior energy to tie all the other warrior energies in various colors together, and he used that combined warrior energy to defend against the approaching transparent crystal fist mark.

Boom!

The entire underground hall shook as if it was about to collapse.

Fei only lightly moved after the collision of forces.

On the other side, all eleven of them backed off four to five steps. They all breathed heavily with their chest moving up and down violently.

“Huh? Interesting…… you can block one punch. But if you think you can deal with me using that, it would be funny …… Haha, take this, the second Sky Frost Fist!”

Fei stepped forward as his power grew, and he slowly clenched his fist. A huge transparent crystal hand slowly appeared in the air, and it clenched into the fist at the same time as Fei.

This clench looked like the hand had grasped onto the fate of the world.

“Sky Frost Fist – One Strike to Kill!”

After Fei optimized and refined the second Sky Frost Fist, this strike no longer chased after the stacking of fist marks. Instead, it focused on the speed. This punch was so fast that it looked like it teleported itself onto Fei’s opponents.

“[Formation of God] …… Maximum Strength!”

After sensing the murderous intent of the King of Chambord, Cande’s face changed color. He unleashed all of his warrior energy, and the ten warriors behind him stood in an arc and also unleashed everything they had. They roared in unison, and the colorful warrior energy flames filled the entire hall; they were clearly doubling down.

Just like the last time, Cande combined everyone’s warrior energy into one and used it against the fist mark. However –

Bam!

It was a dull muffle noise.

The transparent crystal fist mark easily shattered the colorful combined warrior energy.

Bam!

It was another dull muffle noise.

The transparent crystal fist mark hit Cande’s body ruthlessly. In a split second pause, the bronze armor on Cande’s body turned into black dust. At the same time, his crystal mask also shattered into tiny bits.

Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam!

A series of noises followed as the transparent fist mark went through Cande’s body. After it destroyed Cande, it smashed the ten warriors behind Cande into the air.

One strike!

The elite group in [Bronze Spear] Guard of Fellon Family lost!

“Ahahaha…… No!” Cande was almost completely naked. His warrior energy flame flashed as if it was trying to save something. He screamed out of desperation like a dying vicious beast, and his strong body collapsed at the next moment. It was turned into a cloud of blood mist and disappeared.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

Almost at the same time, the ten warriors behind Cande also exploded and turned into blood mists.

None of them survived.

Bloodiness and killing spirit filled the underground hall.

The fourth prince who just woke up a little screamed and fainted again after seeing this; he was too frightened.

Until now, the crowd shockingly realized that there was also another huge fist mark ironed into the wall behind Cande and his men. The punch from the King of Chambord was so powerful that it still had residual force after killing the eleven warriors. It only went away after venting off the rest of the force into the wall.

Terrifying punch!

Terrifying person!

At this moment, everyone looked at the handsome man who had a disabled little dog in his arms. They knew his identity – the second prince Dominguez, a tricky individual who gave headaches to the forces at St. Petersburg. This reckless prince with power saw his half-brother getting beat, and the crowd wondered what he was going to do.

“En? Finished? This quick? Good…… Eh, now no one will bother me in my sleep.”

Tired Dominguez who was standing there quietly yawned and stretched his body. He closed his eyes and said something that surprised most of the people in the crowd.

Good?

At this time, some smart individuals already saw the similarities between the King of Chambord and this second prince in front of them. The two of them were both reckless, they were both mad and hard to predict, they were both willing to do anything for revenge when getting offended!

Mad! Absolutely Mad!

They were two madmen!

They were the same kind of people!

Like vicious wolves; they would let anyone who dared to offend them pay a hefty price.



* * *





Chapter 267




Chapter 267

Chapter 267: You Are the Third (Part One)

At this moment, the image of the King of Chambord and the second prince of the empire became one; although they were from two completely different worlds, they became the same person in the people’s eyes.

Drip……

The leader of Resting Tiger Mercenary Group was scared. His lips twitched, and one cold sweat dripped onto the ground from his forehead.

That light noise was clearly heard in the silent underground hall.

“Didn’t you guys want my ring?” Fei pointed out his middle finger with the black storage ring on it. He pointed it at the people from the mercenaries group and laughed: “It is here, come and get it!”

Didn’t matter if it was on Azeroth Continent or on Earth, the middle finger meant the same thing.

However, these mercenaries from Resting Tiger and Palace of Light had already lost their arrogance. Although they were mad, they didn’t dare to look back at Fei. In fact, they all looked away quietly.

They were mercenaries; they had seen it all, and they were really aggressive.

However, aggressiveness didn’t mean dumb; they knew they would be killed if they tried to display their emotions.

After seeing what happened to the fourth prince, the princess of Beag Family, and the eleven warriors of [Bronze Spear] that belonged to Fellon Family, even an idiot would know this the man – King Alexander of Chambord, was nothing to mess with! It was obvious that this man was waiting for an excuse. As soon as they do something that could upset him, they would be instantly wiped out. There was no question about it! A madman like this king wasn’t afraid of the forces behind his enemies.

“Hehe, you afraid now?” Fei pulled back his hand and said: “I suddenly feel like you guys don’t qualify to get a share of this treasure of Blood-Edge. Get lost, don’t let me see you again!”

“You……”

“You……”

The two leaders of the groups were angry and scared at the same time.

They wanted to say something, but their last bit of courage disappeared after seeing Fei’s cold stare. The bloody smell of the blood mist of [Bronze Spear] Guards was still in the air, and both Chrystal and Beyoncé were still lying on the ground far away…… the huge and deep fist mark was still on the wall…… All of these made the two leaders leave with their men quietly without daring to say anything. Soon, they were nowhere to be seen.

Fei smiled as if there was a deeper meaning behind it. He slowly said: “Ok, now no one will be noisy. We can all talk about how we want to divide the treasure of Blood-Edge. Our Chambord will just take the 30%, and you guys can divide the rest.”

Now, Fei seemed to be a completely different person. He looked a lot gentler, and he wasn’t arrogant at all.

As if nothing had happened, people like Paris, Romain, and Balesi smiled and looked calm. They chatted with Fei politely, and no one brought up the storage ring again. They quickly negotiated and came to a conclusion.

Since the representatives of Fellon Family got wiped, Fellon Family’s share got distributed to the elder and second prince equally. Since the fourth prince and the princess of Beag Family all fainted, their shares got given to priest Balesi. And since the two mercenary groups got sent away by Fei, their shares went to Soros’ Merchant Group.

The soldiers quickly separated the treasures into piles according to the new agreement.

“I’m here because Mr. Kaka, [God’s Favourite Child], wants to cooperate with your majesty in the future. After seeing the heroism of your majesty, [Sky Covering Fist], I got what I came here for

. Mr. Kaka is about to leave St. Petersburg in a few days. Before he leaves, he really wants to invite you to dinner. I hope your majesty can make it!”

As he said that, he waved his sleeves and blew 20% of the shares he got to Fei.

No warrior energy or magic power surge was sensed, but he moved tens of thousands of gold coins and magic gems by 5 to 6 meters. The piles of treasures didn’t change shapes, and that secretly shocked everyone. Fei was shocked a little as well. His level 43 Barbarian’s physical strength was paramount, but he couldn’t control everything so accurately. Therefore, the Holy Power Priest Balesi had was significant.

“Sky Covering Fist?” Fei was really intrigued by the noun Balesi said.

“Hehe, Alexander, the name of Sky Covering Fist is the nickname that some traveling poets gave you. It has been passed around in St. Petersburg, and these poets told your stories around the pubs in the city everyday……” Paris giggled as she explained while fixing her hair.

Fei rolled his eyes.

The name of Sky Covering Fist…… it was really bad…… it sounded like the name of a bandit.

Chapter 267: You Are the Third (Part Two)

“Hehe, these gold coins and magic gems are my presents to your majesty. Please don’t reject them.”

As Balesi said that, he waved his hands and stored all the high-level armors and weapons into his own storage ring. Before everyone could react, he turned around and walked back towards the gate. He looked slow, but he was really fast. In a few seconds, he was nowhere to be seen.

No one expected that.

Fei was a little surprised. Although he didn’t know what this priest was up to, his expression didn’t change.

A silver light flashed by, and Fei sucked all the treasures that belonged to him into his ring.

“Hehe, I didn’t expect Mr. Kaka to be so interested in you. The big pie of Blood-Edge got a lot of forces hungry, but you got the biggest portion……” Paris’ smile was beautiful as always. She pulled off another pedal of the rose and placed in her hair. As the wind blew down the tunnel and into the underground hall, her white dress and black hair fluttered. That moment of beauty took almost everyone by surprise.

“You can only see the good but not the bad.” Fei said seriously: “Numerous Chambord citizens died in the mine pit, and that was how Blood-Edge build up its fortune. What I’m taking today is well owed!”

“I’m only kidding! Why are you so serious?” Paris smiled, and a special light flashed through her beautiful eyes. She turned around and walked to [Red Beard] Granello. After she said something to him, she turned back and said to Fei: “It is almost dawn. I will walk you guys out of here. What happened tonight will cause a series of waves at the Capital!”

Fei nodded; he knew she was right.

Didn’t matter how careful this operation was planned, such event would cause an uproar among the civilians. Even though the big forces knew what happened, the officials needed to give an explanation to the regular people.

What was going on in St. Petersburg wasn’t calm.

After chatting with Romain and Ziene and telling them to convey his greeting to Tanasha, Fei said goodbyes to them. Then, he followed Paris and walked toward the exit.

“Hey boy, wait a second.”

As Fei was passing by the Imperial Patrol and Granello, the handsome young man with the disable dog in his arms suddenly opened his sleepy eyes and said.

The atmosphere suddenly got tense after this young man spoke.

“Eh? What is up?” Fei lightly frowned.

Although Fei noticed that this extremely handsome man only said one line the whole night and he looked weak as if he was a non-important bystander, this man seemed to have attracted the attention of everyone. Even both Paris and Granello who stood in front of him didn’t dare to block his view. Like stars around the sun, all the guards surrounded this man as if he was the center of the galaxy.

A pair of lazy yet sharp eyes carefully observed Fei as the man said: “I’m Oka, Oka Dominguez. I like you.”

Fei’s face changed color.

Although Fei clenched his ass after he was “confessed” to by this handsome man in public, he wasn’t reacting to that. What surprised him was that this man was the second prince of Zenit; the legendary man that rivaled [Zenit’s God of War] Arshavin.

Fei was guessing this man’s identity when he came in.

But the king didn’t expect this handsome man to be a prince of Zenit.

Another question Fei had was why this man called himself Oka Dominguez. “Shouldn’t he be called Andrew Dominguez?” Fei thought.

Of course, all of those thoughts only flashed through his brain in a split second.

“Nice to meet you, Your Highness.” Fei didn’t know how to respond to this “confession”, so he lowered his head and greeted.

“Hey, hey, hey. I told you I’m Oka. You can call me Oka from now on. Hahaha, kid, you are lucky. You are only the third person who is allowed to call me Oka in Zenit.”



* * *





Chapter 268




Chapter 268

Chapter 268: Actually, I Have a Dog Too (Part One)

Dominguez murmured. He looked at Fei as he scratched his head, and he looked nothing like a prince with that messy hair. Instead, he looked like a hooligan and stood there casually. In addition, the dog in his arms also stared at Fei out of dissatisfaction and barked at him,

“Hehe, baby. Quiet down a little.” Dominguez rubbed this little dog that was ugly and disabled. The latter breathed heavily and licked Dominguez’s smooth face.

Fei was really surprised.

“Ok, so this is the second prince who I tried to get information on. So this is the second prince that even Zola couldn’t get anything information…… SO he is like this.”

“Actually, I have a dog too, and its name is Black Tornado. He is my mount.” Fei said as he paused for a second.

“Oh, interesting. A huge dog named Black Tornado? I heard about it…… Hahaha, that is why I like you. This little guy is called Oka as well…… Yes, Oka as in Oka Dominguez.” The second prince of empire said.

Fei was secretively sweating.

The prince in front of him looked like an idiot.

But if Fei treated this man as an idiot, then Fei would be the number one idiot in the world

How could an idiot matchup against the team of [Zenit’s God of War] and [Zenit’s Goddess of Intelligence]? How could an idiot earn the loyalty of someone like Paris and Granello? Also…… how could an idiot get to become a legitimate candidate for the throne from an identity of love-child?

Since Dominguez wasn’t dumb but acted dumb, there was only one possible explanation:

Act like a fat pig and eat tigers when needed!

A prince who loved to act low-key.

Fei signed and said: “Alright, Oka, thank you for your liking.” Fei clenched his ass as he said that subconsciously. He forced himself to continue: “However, I need to leave now since dawn is approaching.”

After Fei said that, he felt like hitting his head against a wall.

“WTF? Shiz, what is going on? What I just said sounds very gay!”

“Alright, but I think we will meet very soon again. Haha, all of these are yours!” Dominguez laughed as he patted Fei’s shoulder. As if he was copying Priest Balesi, he waved his arm, and the small mountain of gold coins and magic gems were being pushed to Fei under a powerful warrior energy surge.

Hula!

The treasures were moved.

However, most people in the hall wanted to cover their faces up out of embarrassment.

Only a small portion of the gold coins and magic gems were actually pushed to Fei. After the second prince waved his arm, the small mountain of treasures was blown to everywhere like straws after a storm…… The scene was really messy.

“Eh……. My bad, my bad.” The second prince scratched his head and he murmured: “Interesting, that priest just waved his arms, and he was able to do it. Could it be that he is a lot stronger than me?”

Fei was completely speechless.

This second prince became a very interesting character in his mind. If everything Dominguez was doing to act like a fool, his acting skills were exceptional.

From what he just did, Fei sensed that this prince’s warrior energy level was about four-star. Compared to Balesi’s vast Holy Power, he was really weak. From this, it could be said that the second prince’s individual strength was far from Arshavin’s six-star warrior energy.

……

……

“I didn’t expect His Highness to be so fond of you, Alexander.”

After walking out of the underground hall, meeting up with Chambord’s warriors

like Lampard, joining with Cech and three other Saint Seiyas outside of Blood-Edge, changing into Imperial Patrol’s uniforms, and heading out of St. Petersburg, Paris said to Fei casually. With an influential figure like Paris leading the way, the return trip was very smooth.

“Really? Should I be thankful for that?” Fei smiled.



Chapter 268: Actually, I Have a Dog Too (Part Two)

“I know that being liked by the second prince isn’t something big in your eyes, but that is because you don’t know much about Dominguez His Highness. After getting to know him, I’m sure you guys will become good friends.” Paris knew what Fei was thinking about, so she explained as she walked forward.

“Eh…… His Highness is a very interesting person.”

Fei had to admit that the second prince left a very good first impression tonight compared to when he first met Arshavin. Although both princes almost destroyed Chambord during the battle on the Peak of East Mountain of Chambord, Fei knew the law of jungle – He would only be respected after getting a good level of strength…… if Fei had to choose between the two princes to support in the future, he would choose the second prince for sure.

Didn’t matter if the scene today was set up by the second prince or the legendary second prince was really like this, Fei had to admit that he was moved after seeing the prince treating a disabled dog as a friend.

Humans can lie and act.

But animals can’t.

Fei loved animals, and he was able to clearly sense the emotions of animals. Fei clearly sensed that the disabled dog named Oka had complete trust in Dominguez, and it relied on Dominguez. This meant that the second prince treated the dog like a friend in front of people and behind everyone’s back. The second prince really this disabled and ugly little dog that would die in three days in it was left on the street.

Fei believed that a man who treated an animal like this…… couldn’t be a bad person.

However, after thinking about Tanasha, Fei suddenly felt he shouldn’t be standing on the other side of that pair of mesmerizing blue eyes.

“The second prince seems to really like that little dog named Oka.” Since the topic of the race for the throne was a little too heavy, Fei tried to change it.

“Hehe, I knew you would ask.” Paris said: “Oka has nothing special, and it has a simple background. When His Highness was summoned back to St. Petersburg six years ago by Emperor Yassin, one of the wheels of the carriage rolled over this little dog’s hind legs. When Oka was dying in its blood, His Highness sensed something and got off of the carriage to save its life. His Highness got the most famous doctor in St. Petersburg to treat Oka, and Oka had been with His Highness since then……”

“Maybe he felt like his situation was very similar to Oka when it was lying in the pool of blood.” Fei said.

Fei could imagine what a powerless love-child of the emperor was facing when he walked into the center of power of Zenit. He could imagine what Dominguez went through.

“You……” Paris opened her mouth as she stared at Fei. “If I don’t know what kind of person you are, I would assume that you are attacking His Highness.” After a short pause, she continued: “But what you said is correct. For a while, His Highness compared himself to the poor little dog, and that was how it got its name Oka.

Fei suddenly thought of something and asked: “I’m curious as to where the name Oka came from. The royal family name of Zenit is Andrew, so why is His Highness’ name Oka Dominguez?”

“Oka is the family name of His Highness’ mother. Although His Highness gradually got used to his identity of the second prince, grew his influence and power, and is now competing for the throne, he kept his last name firmly. Even though he was attacked by a lot of nobles and ministers on this, and even Emperor Yassin expressed his dissatisfaction, Dominguez His Highness isn’t willing to back off.” Paris sighed.

It started as a filler conversation, but Fei started to get more curious about Dominguez after hearing the story.

“Dominguez His Highness said there are only two people at St. Petersburg can call him Oka, and I’m the third one. I’m curious to know who are the other two?” Fei thought about another question and asked.’

“I’m sure you can’t guess it……” Paris smiled as she fixed her hair. After pausing for a second, she said in a soft tone: “One of them is Mr. Granello of Imperial Patrol; most people at St. Petersburg call him [Red Beard]. The other person is very close to you……”



* * *





Chapter 269




Chapter 269

Chapter 269: Wishing for that Day (Part One)

Fei opened his mouth in surprise and took a moment before speaking: “okay, um…I really would not have guessed. I thought that the two other qualified people would be Emperor Yassin or other influential figures who lived in the Imperial Capital.”

“Influential figures…Haha, did you really think that anyone else can compare to his highness, Dominguez? Nevertheless, I’m surprised as well. I can’t believe his highness let you call him by his first name, Oka, when you met him for the first time today…he seems to like you!”

As Paris spoke, she took out the jade plate that revealed her identity and showed it to the guarding soldier up front so he would let them through. Then, she turned around and showed a glistening smile.

Fei was at a loss for words.

Being liked by a man…they should probably talk about something else.

“I heard that the empire has declared war against Spartax. As a king of an affiliated kingdom, may I ask how the battle is going?” Fei quickly changed the subject.

Paris shook her head. “No one knows this better than the nobles that control the military. Spartax Empire deployed more than a hundred thousand troops by their border as early as autumn, and three of the ten battle legions of the empire were sent to Razor City, one of the key cities at the border. The newest information is that since the declaration of war, both empires have been battling around the Razor City region for more than ten days. There have been wins and losses, but the good news is that Bolun Zhang, the second famous general of Zenit, is in control of the overall situation, so it doesn’t seem to be too bad…”

“Really? You make General Bolun Zhang sound very experienced.”

“Of course he is. Before the first prince rose to power, General Bolun Zhang was the ultimate military authority of Zenit for fifteen years. He was a very famous general.” Paris furrowed her prominent eyebrows as she explained. “Has the king of Chambord never heard of Bolun Zhang, once the number one general of the empire?” She wondered with curiosity since most princes of affiliated kingdoms treated this person as their idol.

Fei shrugged his shoulders and used his actions to quietly tell her that he was a useless idiot.

Paris smiled mischievously at this.

After working together many times and thanks to Paris’ deliberate effort, the duo seemed to have a closer relationship.

“Why did Spartax Empire decide to invade and deploy armies at this time? They have been increasing troops at the border since autumn – in my opinion, it would be easier to plan a surprise attack than announce intentions beforehand. Is Spartax Empire trying to fight like a gentleman?”

Fei wanted more information from Paris. Since the beginning, Chambord had very limited information sources; therefore he had no other choice but to obtain information this way.

“Because they are waiting for a real opportunity.” Paris said with a serious expression.

“A real opportunity?”

“Yes, they are waiting for Emperor Yassin to pass away.”

“How’s that possible? Is Emperor Yassin really going to die?” Fei asked in surprise.

“No one in our empire wants to believe that the strong and powerful hero who established Zenit Empire would die one day of old age; especially someone who was unparalleled as him. However, this day will come for anyone – years of wars and battles has injured him and shortened his lifespan. His health has been deteriorating since last year, and he has been on his bed for a while now. I heard that he is getting sicker every day and might pass away anytime.”

pParis’ face dimmed as she said this. Heroes, like beautiful women, never showed others their weakness.

Paris has been acting odd throughout their journey; she was nothing like the witch she usually was. She has answered all of Fei’s questions.

“On our way to the Imperial Capital, I heard that the Martial Saint Krasic will soon engage in an ultimate battle with the Martial Saint of Spartax Empire on the Martial Saint Mountain?” Fei suddenly recalled.

“People from the Imperial Capital has known about this for a while now, and it’s not a rumor. In two weeks, this battle will take place on the Martial Saint Mountain. To a great extent, it will decide the fate of the empire. However, Alexander, you should not worry about this right now. Neither of us can do anything about it. However, I have news that you will definitely be interested in.”

“What news?”

“The royal palace has announced that the Imperial Military Practice Competition will take place in three days. Due to the war that has erupted, this competition will be extremely important, and rewards will be much better than usual. Those who perform well in it will be able to lead a battle legion to fight against the enemies on the frontline.”

This information was very important.

Fei thought as he sank into deep thought.



Chapter 269: Wishing for that Day (Part Two)

This was indeed a rare opportunity. In addition to participating in military competitions, affiliated kingdoms could also gain honor and privileges through accumulating military merits. This way, they would be able to increase their population and military limits.

Chambord was currently only able to exercise partial sovereignty. Since the kingdom did not have enough population and military power, Fei could only make sure all the soldiers he had were elites.

Moreover, it was currently impossible to separate from the Imperial Empire. Fei’s powers were not great enough to resist the powerful master warriors of the empire, and he would have to play by their rules before his skills became on par with theirs.

Therefore, if he could gain military merit through the war, his kingdom would be able to level up like a rocket blasting to the moon.

Once his kingdom leveled up, Fei would have the opportunity to utilize all the powers of the Diablo World.

This was one of the reasons why he agreed to come to the competition of Zenit Empire. The other reason was that he could come see this place for himself and gain more knowledge of this world.

Thanks to Paris, the dozens of people from Chambord passed through the guards without trouble. After leaving the gate of the Imperial Capital, they successfully bypassed numerous checkpoints in the three kilometers clear zone. At the sight of the campsite of Chambord, it was about time for Paris to wave goodbye.

“Throughout the trip, you obtained quite a lot of information from me. So, Alexander, I have a question for you.” Before arriving at the Chambord’s base camp, Paris slowed down her pace and walked side-by-side to Fei. Her bodily fragrance was very sweet.

“Oh? Ask away.”

“Who was the mysteriously masked mage that helped you tonight?” Paris asked as she moved her body close to Fei’s

Fei remained quiet for a second. Paris was too close to him, and her scent was too mesmerizing. The wind blew gently by Fei’s ears as a tickle snuck up his body. After stepping away, he replied as if nothing happened: “He is the Darknight Demonic Envoy, one of the six demonic envoys of my kingdom. His name is Sharp Horn.”

“The six demonic envoys? The Darknight Demonic Envoy, Sharp Horn? I’ve never heard of this person and you’ve never mentioned him…” Paris said with a spurious smile on her face. She obviously didn’t believe him, “Why do I have a feeling that the person was just you?”

Fei smiled faintly: “I have six demonic envoys under me whose identities are extremely secretive. You’ll soon get to meet the other five as well.”

“Fine, I’ll believe you for now, humph! Don’t you dare lie to me!” Unsatisfied with the information she obtained, she rolled her eyes at Fei. But somehow, her beautiful face made it seem more like a flirt than a threat.

Fei smiled and fell silent.

In the night, the cold wind hit like sharp razors.

No light was seen aside from stars and torches here and there.

The air around them fell silent,

Neither of them talked.

Ten minutes later…

“King of Chambord, I don’t expect you to side with Dominguez and fight against the elder princess and prince. However, I do hope that if anything were to happen to His Highness, you would save him once.”

Paris didn’t even enter the gate of Chambord’s campsite. She left hastily, leaving nothing but the shadow of her cloak behind.

The last sentence this smart woman said to him left Fei in wonder.

Amidst the thick white fog, a smear of red appeared from afar.

It was the blood-red rose that this girl had in her hair.

……

……

The sun had yet to rise after a night of blood and murder.

The moon was hidden behind the clouds, and the heavens and earth were shaken by the heavy winds that blew up the snow from the ground and created howling noises. An unprecedented frost had covered the land.

Lifting up the thick curtains, Fei walked into the central tent.

It was as warm as spring inside the tent, and a beautiful girl was leaning quietly by the stone table. Caped with a black furry coat, her white wrists supported her chin, and her hair as dark as ink fell onto the table like a black waterfall. She had obviously fallen asleep from waiting for him for too long.

Angela was an extremely light sleeper.

Her eyes opened as soon as Fei entered.

“Alexander, you’re finally back…” Her eyes sparkled like comets as she saw Fei come in. She smiled in relief when she saw that he wasn’t hurt. She pulled opened the folding screen to her side.

There was a small side tent behind the folding screen. And inside the tent, there was a big bath bucket with hot steam rising into the air. There were small magic arrays carved into the bucket with magic gems on them. These gems were used to power up these fire-elemental magic arrays to heat up the water inside the bucket.

Angela bought this bath bucket for Fei when they were at the Hot Spring Gate, and now she finally had the chance to use it. She had filled it up with water before nightfall and kept the water at the perfect temperature so that Fei could take a hot bath as soon as he came back.



* * *





Chapter 270




Chapter 270

Chapter 270: A Sleepless Night (Part One)

This had almost become a tradition.

Every time when Fei went out to the battlefield, Angela would wait for her beloved Fei to come back and prepare hot bathing water for him to bath in, so he could wash away his tiredness in the warm water.

To Fei, he was so powerful that he did not need to reduce his fatigue through bathing in warm water. He also had magic potion like [Rejuvenile Potion] that could make him recover his physical vitality at any time and maintain an optimum physical state. But maybe it was due to Fei’s illusion, he always felt so comfortable and wanted to hum every time when he lied in the warm water that Angela prepared for him. It was a true relaxation of his mind; every pore on his body would open up. It was as comforting as when his mom sang a lullaby to him when he was young.

“Oh right, Angela, I have a gift for you.”

After taking a hot bath, Fei changed into a loose robe, which made him look more handsome. He came to the stone table and ate some of the breakfast that Angela prepared. Then, he suddenly thought of something and took out an item from his storage ring with a smile on his face.

That thing was the blue furry robe made from Demon Beast Blue Fox’s fur; it belonged to the leader of Blood-Edge before.

Fei took out a plain paper and a bottle of ink that were made from the paper factory from Chambord. He thought for a moment and quickly formed a sketch of the charming wide-sleeved fairy dress that Kui Long wore from a TV series [Chinese Paladin 3] in his mind. With his sketching skills, he quickly and accurately drew down the general shape of this dress on paper.

“Woah, what a unique and beautiful dress,” Angela was looking at it quietly, and she could not hold back her admirations any longer when Fei was done drawing it.

“As long as you like it. This dress was known as wide-sleeved fairy dress, and there was a beautiful tale about it.” Fei cuddled the beauty in front of him and told her about the beautiful love story between a prince and a princess who were from a different space. Afterward, Fei took the furry robe that was in his hands and used force to wash away the last sense of the leader of Blood-Edge that was left on it. He smiled and said: “This fur is shining and crystal-like with an eerie blue light on it. It was peeled off from a level 6 Demon Beast Blue Fox. Not only can it immunize you from any ice elemental magic below four-star, it also has an incomparable effect on keeping the warmth. It is just right to make a real wide-sleeved fairy dress for you. Imperial Capital’s severe winter is coming; if you do not have a dress like this, you won’t be able to endure the severe coldness since you don’t have any warrior energy or magic energy.”

Angela had small with an hourglass figure; this furry robe was more than enough to be made into a dress.

……

“What? You two do not know what Paris and His Majesty were talking about, but they were talking the whole time along the way?”

Inside the tent beside the King’s tent, the blonde little loli Emma was looking for Drogba and Pierce to have a talk. The talk’s main focus was on whether the coquettish demonic girl Paris tried to seduce Alexander or not during their mission at the Imperial Capital.

Even though through their talk during the day, Emma had a much better impression of Paris and already resolved her hatred towards her, the little loli took her bestie’s side firmly since this mattered to Angela’s. Before the mission group left, little loli already told Drogba and Pierce to look out for His Majesty the King in secret; she ordered them to never let Paris who was a potential threat to Angela to have a chance to hook up with the King. However, who would

have thought that during tonight’s battle, Pierce and Drogba were addicted to killing and completely forgot about the order from the little loli.

Upon seeing the blonde little loli with an unkind face, Drogba and Pierce were feeling a little uneasy.

“Emma, don’t worry. Angela Her Highness is gentle and kind-hearted, she is a goddess descending from the sky, and she is the most precious pearl of Chambord. There is no way that His Majesty would fall in love with that demonic girl…”

“Right, right, right. You didn’t see it, but that demonic girl was with a very, very, handsome man who was carrying a little dog. I bet he is her boy-toy… There is no way that she would like His Majesty either!”

The two morons found many excuses to distance themselves from responsibilities. They tried every possible way to persuade Emma who was still skeptical, and they finally sent this loli that they were scared of away.

“Pierce, but why do I feel that judging from the expression of that girl, she might actually like His Majesty…” Drogba went back to the tent as he scratched his head and asked thoughtfully.

“Not only the demonic girl; I think the Elder Princess Tanasha also had a pretty good impression of His Majesty. Hehe, they say that she gave His Majesty a black token as a token of affection when she left…” Pierce was also like a moron who enjoyed gossiping.

“This can’t be helped. Since Alexander His Majesty is young, handsome, and has unbeatable power, everyone has heard the name – [Sky Covering Fist] King of Chambord, across the camp area and St. Petersburg. Hehe, with a man like this, every woman would want to pursue him!” Pierce said as if he was a “know-it-all of love”.

……



Chapter 270: A Sleepless Night (Part Two)

It was the darkest moment before dawn.

Masses of dark clouds swam from Moro Mountains and covered all the stars in the sky.

Pretty mercenary Elena with powerful magic equipment sat beside the river quietly while holding her arms around her knees. The longbow that never left her hand was carefully put beside her legs, and her smooth and pale chin was resting on her knees. The night’s wind swayed her fire red long hair, and the beautiful eyes that were full of murderous spirit and determination during the battle had become peaceful. She was looking at the running water in silent.

She was a Valkyrie who was resting between battles and thinking of the person in her heart.

With her power of being almost six-star, she would not have felt cold even if the weather was a hundred or a thousand times colder. A magic energy surged within a meter radius around her, and the pale blue light disappeared and reappeared; it was beautiful and dreamy under the dark sky.

Even though she just came back from a battle, she was not tired.

But only if that man could be at her side to provide a thick shoulder for her to lean on. How good would that be!

But no matter what happened, Elena knew that she would only draw her bow and fight for one person in her life!

This was a sleepless night.

……

“Oh, Priest Balesi gifted all of the treasure to Alexander?”

Imperial Capital, Elder Princess Mansion.

Elder Princess Tanasha only wore a gauzy dress that emphasized her thin but hourglass-like figure. Everything about her gave off an elegant and intelligent vibe. Her feet that were as pale as jade half-lied on her soft and fragrant bed. After hearing the pretty girl in purple clothes Ziene’s report, her thin and long eyebrows knitted, and she asked rhetorically with a quiet voice as if she could not understand something.

“That’s right, Your Highness. Priest Balesi acted as the representative of [God’s Favorite Child] Kaka from Holy Church before he left, and he invited Alexander to another meeting,” Ziene carefully narrated what happened in the underground hall at the headquarter of Blood-Edge.

“Holy Church has always valued themselves very much. They never pay attention to others, and that [God’s Favorite Child] Kaka is an important person from the headquarters of the church as they say. When he visited the mainland this time, he was keeping a low profile and a mysterious figure. When he came to St. Petersburg, he declined to see all visitors, even father could not meet him. But Kaka invited Alexander…Why? Even though Alexander’s power and potentials were shocking, he was not at the level of [God’s Favorite Child] who is highly likely to be the future successor of Holy Church. Maybe… There is something else that we do not know?”

Elder Princess talked to herself.

Her eyebrows knitted even more tightly, and she bent over her head as she had a hard time forming her thoughts together. She looked so weak that everyone would want to protect her.

“Alexander humiliated the fourth prince, but Dominguez did not try to stop it. Dominguez also even allowed Alexander to call him Oka… Well, I guess this crazy prince brother also thinks highly of the King of Chambord. I have to admit, he did a much better job than brother Arshavin tonight!”

“But I don’t understand it. The older brother has always been keen on drawing and recruiting heroes and men of virtue and talents; why does he always hold a grudge against Alexander!”

Elder Princess became more confused in the end.

But she quickly made her decision, “Send someone tomorrow and deliver all treasures we got from the headquarters of Blood-Edge to the camp of Chambord. Say that …… Just say that I, Tanasha, want to gift these to my dear friends Angela and little Emma.”

“Yes, your highness,” Ziene nodded.

Upon seeing this, Elder Princess suddenly laughed, and the whole hall lightened up. Her dark blue eyes gave out an enchanting light as she asked: “Ziene, if I remembered it correctly, you were one of those who met the king of Chambord pretty early on, and I think you suggested that I should kill him. What do you think now? What is your opinion of this man?”

“Hmm… I won’t be able to kill him now!” Ziene lowered her head.

“Hahaha, if you can kill him, will you do it?”

“I… King Chambord should not be killed!”

“There is someone that Ziene thinks should not be killed?” Elder Princess laughed.

……

……

On the second day.

When dawn just came, there was a sudden turmoil in the camp area. It was so chaotic that chickens were flying and dogs were jumping.

Many soldiers from Imperial Capital stormed in and started the strictest search ever. Many cavaliers rushed in between the campsites of different affiliated kingdoms on their horses, and even people from the ten level 1 affiliated kingdoms were ordered to stay within their campsites. The camp area was full of patrols formed by soldiers; except for soldiers from Imperial Patrol, [Iron Blood Legion], and four Battle Legions, the Cavaliers of Imperial Knight Palace who had kept silent since the defeat of the four Executive Knights by King Chambord finally joined in on the more and more serious search for the assassins from Spartax Empire.



* * *





Chapter 271




Chapter 271

Chapter 271: A Bunch of Brainless People (Part One)

There was a calm smile on Fei’s face because the girl in his arms seemed to have a grand power of calming people’s souls. No matter what kind of battle or danger Fei was in, his anxiety and fatigue would disappear instantly when he saw this serene and tender face.

Fei rested the girl’s head softly on top of the pure white velvet pillow, removed the rose embroidered purple blanket, and then got out of bed slowly.

It might be that it was tiring to stay up all night to wait for Fei, Angela who was weak was still asleep and didn’t notice Fei’s movements. She was still in her sweet dreams with her lips pressed with an angelic and pure smile.

This was the first time the girl was intimately close to the one she loved.

Even though it was a dream, her pure and flawless face still had a trace of redness

Wearing a loose robe, Fei let his hair down as he summoned a pair of chained boots with soft and warm interior fur lining. He uncovered the curtain-like gate and walked out.

The sun was already up in the sky. A gust of sharp wind howled at dawn last night, blew the accumulated snow, and caused the cold weather. Unexpectedly, the gust of wind stopped in the morning for some reason. Golden sunlight shined on the ground with warmth.

Fei walked slowly in between the campsites of Chambord, smiled and greeted the soldiers who were busy training. Afterward, he roamed to the river to the west of the campsite, washed his face with the frozen river water, and felt a lot more energetic.

“Hmm? The people from Imperial Knight Palace also joined in? It seems like the last madness would be here!” He thought.

Fei looked at the streets outside of the camp, which was filled with loads of cavaliers wearing black armor, red cloak, and riding on the black armored warhorses.

The swift assassins of Spartax Empire indeed brought many troubles to the empire.

Yet, Fei knew that the appearance of these assassins was just a trigger, and it already baited out many conflicts that had been accumulating. The fact that a small wave of assassins triggered many events revealed a lot of information. At least, Fei could be affirmative that within the hundred times of assassination incidents recently, sixty to seventy percent were the political rivals using assassins as cover to attack their opponents.

For example, the assassination of the second prince Dominguez outside of the palace was clearly not committed by the assassins from Spartax Empire.

And the assassination that the elder princess encountered also had many pieces of evidence that showed a third party that was behind the crime.

The combat between the two princes had already become this intense, not to mention those forces of nobles. In the current period, the well-known nobles who died from assassins were over a hundred, and half of them were from their political rivals.

The truth mingled with the falsehood, and the falsehood mingled with the truth.

The most obvious one was the operation of taking out Blood-Edge that Fei led. Yet, hearing from these cavaliers, the forces, who knew the truth, shifted all the assassination to the assassins of Spartax Empire. As of those frightened assassins, they got dissed for doing nothing.

Because of the illness of Emperor Yassin, the current Imperial Capital was in crisis. The two huge forces formed by the two princes, Arshavin and Dominguez, were in a weird situation. Other secret forces also created chaos to fish in the troubled water, and that made the situation even more chaotic. If there couldn’t be an instant restructuring, the empire might suffer the most serious failure since its inceptions from the war with Spartax Empire.

Empire’s darkness was already here, and no one knew if it could wait until

the dawn.

However, this wouldn’t prevent nobles from seizing authority and power.

Fei stood beside the river and looked at the Moro Mountains from distance. He thought about a lot of things and reflected on his performance within this period of time.

Now, the destiny of the Chambord was on Fei’s shoulder. Every single one of Fei’s decision would determine the fate of the twenty-three thousand one hundred and forty-two people in Chambord. In this mysterious continent that was ruled by the law of jungle, Chambord was like an elk that just learned to toddle, and Zenit Empire was merely a group of elks that had a presence. Even though there was a golden finger that was unknown to many behind his back, Fei still had to race against time and teach little elk-like Chambord to learn how to survive in this chaotic world before it becomes the target of fierce and cruel wild dogs or lions.

“Open up the camp gate for the search!”

A loud shout came from the entrance of the camp and disrupted Fei’s muse.

The king frowned when he looked over and discovered that the cavaliers from the Imperial Knight Palace had stopped at the entrance of the camp. The leader yelled and ordered in an angry and proud tone.

Seeing the Saint Seiyas of Chambord looked at him, Fei waved his hand as a signal for Saint Seiyas to let them through.

Searching every affiliated kingdom was the order from the Imperial Capital and no one could disobey the order. Fei didn’t want Chambord to be the leader of disobedience. At this moment, so many pairs of eyes were watching and waiting for Chambordians to make mistakes. It wouldn’t be smart to fight against these cavaliers over this matter.

The gate of campsites opened and more than forty cavaliers came in like the current of a river. The rumble of horses hooves rang throughout the whole campsites.



Chapter 271: A Bunch of Brainless People (Part Two)

The whipping noises “pa pa pa pa” kept on sounding. The cavaliers’ leather whips kept on whipping different tents as they kicked out the people inside the tents.

“Listen up, all the Chambordians! Within ten breath, assemble in the middle of the campsite. Where is Alexander, the King of Chambord? Report the number of adults in Chambord and quickly identify everyone!”

The cavaliers rode the horse around the campsite and made the whole campsite suffered in a turmoil because many tents collapsed.

The head of the cavaliers seemed to be a centurion. He was tall and strong, just like a muscular giant chimpanzee. The black armor looked like it was going to be exploded by his powerful muscles. He lifted up his helmet and sat on top of the huge horse. He had a fierce-looking face and his leopard-looking eyes seemed like he was sighting targets to bite.

With the arrival of Lampard and the second wave, the expedition of Chambord had a total of one hundred and twenty-eight people. Under the supervision of the cavaliers, they assembled towards the middle of the campsite.

The cavaliers of the Imperial Knight Palace were way more malicious than the Imperial Patrol and the Four Legions. It could be that since Fei defeated the four Executive Knights in the First Sword Testing Stage, these cavaliers didn’t even hide their hostilities.

Fei walked to the middle of the camp with a neutral expression.

“It’s fine to search, but don’t go over the limit. Or else… Humph!” He thought.

At this moment —

“Back-off! This is the tent of his majesty. Her highness is changing and she will be out soon!” In the center and before the tent stood Drogba, who guarded the tent and yelled in anger. He stopped two cavaliers from rushing into the tent.

Angela was too tired yesterday and was still sleeping now.

Pa!

“Out of the way! What her highness? Move immediately, we are searching for assassins!” One of the cavaliers whipped his whip.

Sou!

Drogba raised his hand and held the tip of the whip. As he moved his wrist, the cavalier flew out just like a kite without a string.

There was a big difference between their strengths.

“How dare you!” The solemn “black chimpanzee” head of cavaliers saw this scene. His eyes had a hint of joy, then he yelled angrily, “How dare you to hit the cavalier of Imperial Knight Palace and blocked the search of Spartax Empire’s assassins? Someone come seize this audacious slave!”

A few cavaliers were ready. They drew out the sharp swords hung at their waists and rushed over.

Drogba didn’t give in when he saw the situation. The four-star warrior energy glittered on his body as he scooped up the two-meter ax that was as big as a door. He moved the ax against the sword’s direction and looked at the cavaliers coming at him with a cold smile.

This guy wasn’t afraid at all.

When Fei heard about how Lampard and his men were stopped by the imperial soldiers by the camp area when they just came, his majesty was extremely mad and questioned why they didn’t break those stupid soldiers’ legs. This gave Drogba enough support. As long as his majesty didn’t say anything and these cavaliers dared to fight, he would teach them a lesson

“Daddy’s ax had been hungry for so long!” This man shook his leg and thought.

Seeing Drogba was filled with bellicosity and brazen-faced, the cavaliers who rushed towards him softened.

Before, any rival of these cavaliers would be afraid, kneel down, and beg. However, who knew that there would be a brainless person like this man. Seeing the four-star warrior energy glittering on his body and the giant ax that he used to chop people, the cavaliers didn’t know if they should advance or retreat. They could tell that this guy was doing this for real.

As the cavaliers of Imperial Knight Palace, they heard about the resentment between the four Executive Knights and the King of Chambord. In a short time, five out of the ten Executive Knights of the Imperial Knight Palace were beaten up by the King of Chambord. It was five Executive Knights and not five big cabbages… It was just unbelievable!

They already knew that the King of Chambord was brainless, but they didn’t expect his subordinates to also be brainless guys who weren’t afraid of death.

“What now?”

The cavaliers turned and looked at their leader.

The head of the cavaliers was furious, and fierceness was in his leopard-looking eyes. His hand that was holding onto the knight lance was about to attack. However, he thought about the “Crazy Wolf” and [Sky Covering Fist] nicknames that the King of Chambord had. His side didn’t seem to be on the side of reason, and his anger suddenly disappeared by half.



* * *





Chapter 272




Chapter 272

Chapter 272: Eight Beautiful Girls (Part One)

Since the inception of Imperial Knight Palace, the Executive Knights and the cavaliers only followed ordered from the emperor. They were able to monitor the actions and words of every single noble family in St. Petersburg, and they were also able to travel through all affiliated kingdoms representing Emperor Yassin. In addition, the black jail at Imperial Knight Palace had the right to retain and question the nobles as well; numerous nobles died in the black jail. For all of these reasons, even a low-level cavalier of Imperial Knight Palace was able to stand straight in front of a high-class nobleman.

However, with this power that was almost not restricted, everyone at Imperial Knight Palace gradually got arrogant and reckless.

They did whatever they wanted, and they had never encountered someone like Fei who dared to ignore their power. If this was before, the cavaliers of Imperial Knight Palace would have taught a king like Fei a lesson; they had thousands of ways to make a person regret of being even born.

However, the King of Chambord was a special case. Although Chambord was weak as a kingdom, Fei’s individual strength was unparalleled. He was able to battle with three Executive Knights on the Sword Testing Stage, and he was reckless as well. Somehow, he got the support from both the elder prince and the second prince as well as a few influential figures from the Holy Church. To top it off, the first Executive Knight Captain Akinfeev that controlled Imperial Knight Palace didn’t have a clear attitude towards this young king. Therefore, the arrogant cavaliers of Imperial Knight Palace felt powerless for the first time; they couldn’t defeat Fei in terms of combat abilities nor influence.

The leopard-eyed cavalier leader was planning to beat this king, but he felt weak after thinking back to the nickname of [Sky Covering Fist] that Fei had. After looking at the KingKong like Drogba who was guarding in front of the central tent and Fei who was standing in the middle of the camp, he said: “King of Chambord, the search order is from the emperor. Do you want to commit treason by blocking our operation?”

Fei only sneered; he didn’t even look at this leader.

A character like this wasn’t qualified to talk to him.

You……” The cavalier leader was infuriated.

The atmosphere instant became tense and pressing.

Of course, this tension was only felt by the people from other affiliated kingdoms who were observing this from afar.

Recently, almost every affiliated kingdom was searched multiple times every day. As one of the 250 affiliated kingdoms of Zenit, Chambord couldn’t avoid it even if their king was famous and dominating. However, the previous search teams were very careful and respectful. None of them dared to behave the way that these cavaliers did.

Within the camp area, everyone knew about the friction between Imperial knight Palace and the King of Chambord.

Since they knew about this, they were paying extra attention to this search. Many smart observers were able to tell that these cavaliers of Imperial Knight Palace came after the King of Chambord. Although these cavaliers were very strict while performing searches in other campsites, they weren’t quite as vicious as they were now. They were clearly after Chambord.

More than a dozen affiliated kingdoms were all looking at this scene quietly as they waited for this to play out.

In Chambord’s Campsite.

The cavaliers felt like they were in a very difficult situation. Without the order from their leader, they couldn’t back off. However, they also couldn’t move forward as Fei’s dominating presence was way too pressing. After about five minutes, Emma and Angela slowly walked out of the central

tent.

This was actually quite fast already.

Angela was weak to start with. She stayed up all night to wait for Fei’s return, and she only slept at dawn in Fei’s arms. She was in a deep sleep, and the various magic arrays on the central tent blocked a lot of noises. Therefore, she only woke up after the cavaliers whipped the central tent, and she got dressed with the help of Emma.

She didn’t want to cause trouble for Fei because of minor issues.

As Angela walked out of the tent, the cavaliers of Imperial Knight Palace felt like their world brightened up. As if they saw a goddess, they quickly put their swords into the scabbards. In addition, the vicious cavaliers also lowered their heads as they felt like their rude behavior wasn’t appropriate.

The leopard-eyed cavalier leader was also surprised.

His status wasn’t low at Imperial Knight Palace, and he had seen a lot of noble ladies. He felt like even those beauties that were famous in the capital couldn’t be compared to this girl. None of the women he knew was able to deliver such a surprise.

He heard that King Alexander had a goddess-like queen. He thought it was only a rumor, but now he knew that the “rumor” didn’t even capture the whole truth.

Chapter 272: Eight Beautiful Girls (Part Two)

Angela stood by Fei’s side, and they looked prestigious and natural together. The man was handsome and had a powerful strength, and the woman was beautiful and breath-taking. Everyone around them were envious; it felt like these two people captured all the essence of the world.

After another few minutes, everyone at Chambord got to the center of the campsite.

A few cavaliers searched around carefully a bit more, and they murmured something to their leader. Afterward, the cavalier leader nodded and glanced at the people of Chambord viciously. He then took out a thin booklet and started to call the names on it.

This booklet was given to the Imperial Patrol by Fei after the expedition force of Chambord arrived here. Not only Chambord, all other affiliated kingdoms also had to give a list of who was here to the Imperial Patrol. It was better for the management of the camp area, and it could prevent spies of enemy empires from sneaking in. For the last couple of days, both people from [iron Blood Legion] and Imperial Patrol came here to count the people.

“You…… You…… You eight bitches come over here!”

After going through the list, the eight beautiful girls who weren’t called didn’t know what to do. After hearing the shout, they were so scared that their legs got weak. Any of them who walked slow got whipped by a cavalier. A small girl who was walking behind the others got whipped so hard that a few bloody whip marks appeared on her back. She cried out of pain, and she almost collapsed.

A long-awaited satisfaction appeared on the leopard-eyed cavalier leader’s face.

Fei frowned.

These eight girls weren’t a part of Chambord.

Six of the girls who were in white maiden dresses were the gifts that the Blood-Edge Mercenary Group presented to Fei on behalf of Fellon Family. It was a pity that these poor beautiful girls who were in their prime were kidnapped by Blood-Edge by force and sent around as gifts.

Because Fei did pity them, he asked Angela to take care of them.

After some investigations, it was found that the families of these girls were either killed by Blood-Edge or escaped due to fear. Since they had nowhere to go, Angela allowed them to stay at Chambord’s campsite. Since all soldiers of Chambord were tough guys, they couldn’t really serve the King. Also, Emma was a little careless. Therefore, these six girls who were able to assist Fei as maids.

The other two even more beautiful girls who were in red dresses were the two slaves that Lampard saved when he killed [Earthy Tiger] of Blood-Edge.

These two girls were outstandingly beautiful, and it seemed like they were nobles from how they behaved. They weren’t ordinary girls, but no one knew how they got captured. After they were saved, their guards were high toward everyone except Lampard. Also, both girls didn’t know how to speak the language used at Zenit, and there was no way to find their origins. Therefore, Fei allowed them to stay at Chambord’s campsite.

“Why aren’t your names in the booklet? Quickly state your identities!”

The cavalier leader waved the booklet as he glanced at the eight girls ferociously. He was as cold as ice.

Mixed with the crisp banging noises made by the cavaliers who were knocking their weapon against their armor, everything felt bloody and murderous. All of these cavaliers were elite soldiers who had been through battles, and they were able to create this atmosphere easily.

The beautiful girls had never seen anything like this. They were so scared that they couldn’t even speak properly anymore.

“Humph! Pale faces, stuttered speech. They are obviously the assassins from Spartax! Arrest them and bring them back to the black jail!”

The cavalier leader didn’t give the girls a chance to explain themselves. He determined the fate of them in a few words.

The cavaliers around the girls brought out the metal capture tools with irons spikes on them.

This tool was very vicious. If one was placed in it, the iron spikes would pierce through a few important bones on a human body. Even a tough guy could die in it, let alone a few weak girls.



* * *





Chapter 273




Chapter 273

Chapter 273: Pass the Mark – Die! (Part One)

“No…… no, no, I’m not an assassin!”

“Mister, please! Have mercy! I can’t even lift up a blade!”

“Ah, no, no! Save me! Mom……”

After hearing the cold command from the leopard-eyed leader and seeing the captive tools with iron spikes that the cavaliers brought up, the six girls knew what was about to happen. They were so scared that it seemed like their souls tried to escape their bodies. Desperation filled their eyes as they started to shiver.

The cruel treatments of the Black Jail in the Imperial Knight Palace were famous. The two other girls who didn’t know the language of Zenit also knew what was about to happen from the expression from their peers and captive tools. Their faces changed expressions as they kneeled onto the ground. They also begged for mercy. The eight girls looked like small flowers that were getting crushed by the cold wind of the winter.

However, the leader of the cavaliers didn’t even care. He laughed proudly: “Humph! Can’t even speak the official language? They must be the assassins of Spartax! Arrest them!”

Now, the few cavaliers who were hesitating stopped doubting. The metal chain colliding noises sound as the cavaliers lifted up the captive tools. They were about to place the tools on these poor girls.

“How dare you?”

At this moment, a soft yet firm voice shouted.

Angela walked from Fei’s side to stand in front of the girls. It was rare that someone like her who always talked softly shouted. She stopped the vicious cavaliers and helped the eight poor girls who were terrified to get up. Like a goddess who was protecting her followers, she protected the girls with her small but valiant figure.

The future queen of Chambord made the cavaliers look away; her eyes were filled with just and anger.

The cavaliers who were holding the captive tools felt guilty. Normally, they would have whipped the person who stopped them. But when this weak girl was standing in front of them, they didn’t dare to move up.

“Humph! This is not the Sword Testing Stage! King of Chambord, it is already a huge crime to be discovered with assassins of Spartax. You should be begging for his majesty’s forgiveness! How dare you further protect these assassins? Do you really want to commit treason?”

The leopard-eyed leader thought he was on the side of reason, so he shouted as he looked at Fei with a proud expression.

However, who knew that Fei didn’t even look at him! Fei only responded with a sneer. After all, Fei didn’t even think of Imperial Knight Palace as an issue.

“You……”

The leader of the cavaliers was mad, but he couldn’t do anything.

A smart man won’t take the known loss. Everyone knew that the King of Chambord moved without considering the consequences; he was like a mad wolf. Since Fei could attack as soon as he was mad, all of the cavaliers of Imperial Knight Palace couldn’t defend against him. Even if the cavaliers were on the side of reason, they couldn’t do anything. Even if the Imperial Knight Palace would punish the King of Chambord afterward, the cavaliers knew that they weren’t confident in surviving the attack from this king.

“Your Highness, do you know what you are doing?” The cavalier leader had to focus on Angela. Even though he was vicious and cruel, he couldn’t make himself swear and make threats like he used to when he saw the just in the eyes of the girl. He explained patiently: “If you cover these assassins, Chambord would be wiped when Emperor Yassin gets mad.”

“They are not assassins.”

Angela shook her head. She didn&rs

quo;t say anything more; she just dragged the girls who were still scared back towards Fei.

“You…… you……” The leopard eyed leader was enraged.

“Leader, we made some discoveries!” At this moment, a cavalier who was still searching the campsite shouted.

With all the eyes on him, this cavalier took some items and threw them onto the ground. They were some gold and gems as well as some high-quality armors and weapons.

Fei’s pupils contracted!

He instantly knew what they were from.

They were the treasures from the underground hall of Blood-Edge. Although Chambord walked away with the most reward, Fei was sure that these items on the ground weren’t from Chambord’s share. After all, the treasures that he got were still in his storage ring.

How could these items appear in the camp of Chambord?

“Leader, I discovered these items in one tent. After I made some observations, I’m sure that they are the treasures of Blood-Edge Mercenary Group, the fourth largest mercenary group of Zenit!” The cavalier reported loudly.

“Eh? Blood-Edge was attacked by the assassins of Spartax and got wiped out. Their treasures were also taken by the assassins. How can they be here?” The leader of the cavaliers murmured as lights flashed through his eyes. He suddenly looked up and shouted: “Could it be that Chambord is connected with the assassins of Spartax? King of Chambord, what more can you say? How did these items appear in your camp?”

This shout was empowered by his warrior energy, and it could be heard from very far away.



Chapter 273: Pass the Mark – Die! (Part Two)

People at other camps also were able to hear this clearly.

Instantly, a lot of people’s face changed color.

Connected with the assassins? It was a crime that no one could bear. There had been more than a hundred nobles and officials who died because of it. Anyone who was involved in this would be killed! On top of being punished, any forces who were charged with this crime would be put on the opposite of the empire. Even if the King of Chambord was powerful, he couldn’t fight with all the forces at Zenit.

“King of Chambord, I advise you to surrender! There are still some ambiguities in this matter. As long as you cooperate with Imperial Knight Palace, you might be pardoned.” After seeing the reinforcement, which was a large number of cavaliers, appear outside of the camp, the leopard-eyed leader relaxed. Therefore, he was able to restore his commanding tone.

Now, Fei was clear of what was going on.

How can there be such a coincidence?

As soon as Blood-Edge’s treasures were discovered, a ton of cavaliers of Imperial Knight Palace appeared? It was obvious that these cavaliers were ready, and this was just a big framing operation.

In order to give an explanation to the citizens, the forces involved in the operation last night blamed it on the assassins of Spartax.

Fei agreed to this explanation as well.

However, someone discovered a loophole in this explanation and tried to frame Chambord with it.

“Who could it be?”

Fei thought as a cold light flashed through his eyes.

He didn’t pay attention to the leader of the cavaliers. With all the eyes on him, He walked to the cavalier who “found” the treasures, looked at the treasures on the ground and questioned: “Tell me, who told you to bring these items into my camp?”

The cavalier’s face changed color, but he soon calmed down. This cavalier sneered back: “What are you saying? I found these items at you camp……”

Pia!

Before the cavalier could finish, Fei slapped him with the back of his hand, and the cavalier flew back for more than 10 meters. He fainted as he landed, and no one knew if he was still alive.

“How dare you!”

“Reckless!”

“This king is committing treason! Arrest him!”

No one expected the King of Chambord to attack at this critical moment. After a moment of surprise, the leader of the cavaliers shouted followed by a few other shouts. The cavaliers of the Imperial Knight Palace outside of the campsite started to charge in.

Boom!

Fei waved his hand and a powerful force shot out.

Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam!

The first few cavaliers who charged in were turned into blood mists along with their horses.

A vague yet gigantic totem image that was more than a hundred meters tall appeared behind Fei, and it stared down like the god of war. A series of terrifying energy waves came off of Fei’s body like the waves of the ocean. The wind created by these energy waves made the cavaliers have a hard time to stay in the same spot.

The cavaliers who weren’t yet inside the campsite didn’t dare to move forward anymore. They stopped charging and waited for the next command.

Fei sneered as he then moved his finger. A transparent crystal energy in the form of a sword dashed out of his fingertip.

Tink!

The huge sword passed through the gate and drew a long line that was more than a hundred meters long and more than half a meter deep on the ground.

“Pass the Mark – Die!”

After Fei said that, the cavaliers around the mark felt like the mark was the entrance to hell. The chilling energy that came off of it made everyone feel a chill in their spines.

No one dared to look at that sword mark, and no one dared to think that the King of Chambord was kidding. After all, the blood mists were still in the air!

“You…… you are too reckless! King of Chambord! You……” The leopard-eyed leader was so frightened and shocked that his voice even changed.

“I’m not as reckless as you. Humph, how dare you frame me?” Fei said with disdain on his face. He turned around and said to Pierce, Drogba, Torres, Cech, and Oleg: “Arrest all the people who came in. Break a leg each and question them until they tell us who told them to frame Chambord!”

As Fei said that, he looked at the leopard-eyed leader and added with a cold voice: “Kill anyone who dares to resist!”



* * *





Chapter 274




Chapter 274

Chapter 274: Fist Spiritual Seal (Part One)

“Ah……Ah……”

“Please stop the beating……”

“I can’t take it anymore…… stop! I will tell you, I will tell you……”

As a series of terrifying screams sounded from the campsite of Chambord, the people who were paying attention to this matter could no longer believe their ears. Sh*t was about to go down! The King of Chambord was like a reckless mad wolf…… “He dares to arrest and beat the cavaliers of the Imperial Knight Palace…… What is happening to this world?” People thought.

Ten minutes ago.

The cavaliers of the Imperial Knight Palace found the treasure of the Blood-Edge, that was supposed to be with the assassins of Spartax Empire, in Chambord’s campsite, then a bunch more cavaliers suddenly appeared out of nowhere. They were going to arrest the King of Chambord on the charge of treason and take control the campsite.

As the Chambordians were about to get punished, no one expected the next turn of events.

The King of Chambord didn’t really give a damn. Without hesitation, the king showed his domination. In a few moves, he scared a formation of three to four hundred cavaliers. After he drew the line on the ground, no one dared to pass it. They were only able to watch the soldiers of Chambord as they arrested the cavaliers who were already in the campsite.

At first, some people were resisting arrest. But after the leopard-eyed leader got all four of his limbs crushed by a fat bald man, no one dared to do so anymore. Some of the cavaliers were so scared to be mistaken that they threw their weapons onto the ground as if they were hot irons. Most of the cavaliers put their hands on the back of their heads and didn’t dare to move.

This method was effective because the cavaliers knew that the Chambordians weren’t playing around. They were really going to be killed if they didn’t follow orders.

After everything was under control, the King of Chambord and Queen Angela led the eight girls who were still frightened into the central tent and didn’t reappear. At the same time, all kinds of punishment tools were brought out. The forty to fifty cavaliers were all tied up. After a round of beating, they were all placed in a line and waited to be questioned.

The person who was in charge of this was the fat bald man who almost killed the leopard-eyed leader.

The people who were observing soon realized that this fatty who always had a smile on his face was definitely a devil from hell.

He didn’t care about the identity of these cavaliers. His strange and cruel torturing techniques were vicious, and even the observers were shivering with cold sweat let alone the cavaliers who were actually experiencing them. Those men who considered themselves tough even had to look away due to the cruelness of the punishments.

The cavaliers of the Imperial Knight Palace were all tough nails. After all, they had seen a lot from the Black Jail where extreme tortured were used. Some of them wanted to endure through it, but they ended up crying and begging for forgiveness in a state of incontinence. Even that vicious leopard-eyed leader didn’t last more than five minutes; he told Oleg everything he knew.

This process wasn’t hidden; it was carried out in open daylight. It was like a slap in the face of the Imperial Knight Palace.

Even if this was the case, the cavaliers outside of Chambord’s campsite didn’t dare to move. There were a few master warriors mixed in them and they were also afraid.

The vague totem image that was more than a hundred meters tall didn’t disappear after Fei went inside. Except for the fatty who was in charge of the investigatio

n, a few other master warriors of Chambord also unleashed their strength. The warrior energy flames enveloped their bodies and burned in the campsite.

After sensing the energy surges coming off of these people, all the observers gasped. Even if the King oF Chambord didn’t move, these master warriors of Chambord could wipe out the three to four hundred cavaliers in less than ten minutes!

Everyone was shocked by the strength of Chambord!

The people who understood the situation tried to calm themselves down.

There were also other people who were worried about the King of Chambord. Since they were also from affiliated kingdoms, they were on the side of Chambord. But when facing a war machine like Zenit, they all thought that Chambord won’t end well after provoking the Imperial Knight Palace this much.

The people who paid attention to details saw a few cavaliers from the big formation flee back to St. Petersburg.

Everyone in the camp area was paying attention to this event; it was getting more and more interesting.

In less than twenty minutes, reinforcement came!

A red dash of light appeared in the sky and it stopped on top of Chambord’s campsite while the air-piercing noise resonated in the air.

After the red light disappeared, the person enveloped in it showed himself. The armor he was wearing was an ordinary imperial knight armor, but its color was red as if blood flowed on its surface. With his red cap fluttering in the wind, it felt like this man just walked off of a battlefield. There was nothing else special about him, but a pressing sensation came off of him when he just stood there.



Chapter 274: Fist Spiritual Seal (Part Two)

“First Executive Knight Captain!”

After seeing this man, the hundreds of cavaliers all single-kneeled down to salute him.

All the observers around the area looked at this man and realized that this normal looking knight was actually the first Executive Knight – [Godly Knight]. He was the strongest and most prestige Executive Knight.

It was about to get dramatic.

Who was going to win? [Godly Knight] or [Sky Covering Fist]?

After all, this Executive Knight was powerful. He was able to stand above all other executive knights and had the word “god” in his name.

All of the eyes were fixed on him.

At this time, the punishment and torture inside Chambord’s campsite just finished. The forty to fifty cavaliers were all tired onto wooden stakes and their faces were all swollen. With blood on their bodies, they looked like toothless snakes and clawless tigers; they were no longer threatening.

The [Godly Knight] looked at the cavaliers in the campsite and frowned; he didn’t get infuriated as everyone expected. Instantly, he looked down at the line Fei drew and frozen.

He didn’t move and stared at the mark for more than ten minutes.

All the observers were confused. They didn’t know why this [Godly Knight] was staring at the sword mark and not rescuing the cavaliers who were in Chambord’s control. Could it be that the [Godly Knight] was afraid of the sword mark as well?

As everyone was confused, the [Godly Knight] finally moved towards the line.

One step…… Two steps…… Three steps……

Four meters…… Three meters….. Two meters……

When the [Godly Knight] walked up to the line, he didn’t proceed forward. Instead, he looked at the sword mark for another few minutes. If anyone could see his expression, they would see shock and confusion as if this knight was seeing something unimaginable.

Finally, he reached out his hand.

His finger slowly approached the area above the sword mark.

At this moment, a sudden change took place.

Boom!

A transparent crystal sword energy shot out of the sword mark on the ground and soared so high into the sky that it chopped the clouds.

As if the [Godly Knight] expected this to occur, a red warrior energy appeared and covered his arm. It instantly defended against the attack of the transparent crystal sword energy as the [Godly Knight] pulled back his hand.

Tink!

The red arm guard cracked and fell to the ground.

This sudden change shocked everyone. This transparent crystal sword energy appeared so suddenly that it felt like the King of Chambord was standing beside the mark and attacked at the perfect moment! It was so sharp, so deadly, and so unpredictable!

“This….. This sword energy…… God! Fist Spiritual Spatial Seal! The technique that can only be achieved by Moon-class Elites!” Someone murmured.

This light murmured sounded like thunder in other people’s ears. It shocked them so much that they felt a dizziness.

This was a Fist Spiritual Spatial Seal!

Fei used his finger as a sword and drew a long and deep sword mark on the ground in front of Chambord’s campsite’s gate. What was more unimaginable was that he sealed his transparent crystal sword energy into the space above the sword mark. Anyone who passed by this line would trigger the transparent crystal sword energy and get chopped into pieces.

Such a terrifying technique!



* * *





Chapter 275




Chapter 275

Chapter 275: Untouchable (Part One)

Fist Spiritual Spatial Seal – The technique of Moon-Class Elites.

Could it be that the King of Chambord was already a Moon-Class Elite Warrior?

This thought made a lot of people’s hearts race. Their mouths felt dry and they were dizzy.

Unimaginable!

If the King of Chambord really advanced to a Moon-Class Elite, it was very significant! It would cause an inestimable effect on the current power dynamics of Zenit.

To a level 1 Empire like Zenit, a Moon-Class Elite was like a strategic-level weapon; it served as a deterrent and a symbol. One unit increase in the number of Moon-Class Elites meant a jump in the strength of an empire. In addition, this potential Moon-Class Elite was only nineteen years old! No one could say for sure that this man couldn’t advance to a Sun-Class Lord!

If the King of Chambord really reached that level, hundreds of empires that were level 6 and under around the region would have to look up to this king, let alone Zenit!

[Godly Knight] stood by the sword mark on the ground and fell into another moment of silence.

He closed his eyes as if he was carefully sensing the invisible power.

Gradually, a red warrior energy flame grew out of his body and got thicker and occupied more space. Like a burning fire, it grew so much that it was more than a hundred meter tall and enveloped the [Godly Knight] like a crystal bloody amber.

As the warrior power grew, a vast and terrifying sensation covered the area around him.

The [Godly Knight] unleashed his power without holding back. It was obvious that he was approaching the level of a seven-star warrior.

After finally adjusting his power, the [Godly Knight] moved.

Boom!

As he punched downwards onto the ground forcefully while kneeling down, the warrior energy around him turned into a huge red light beam and torn the earth.

The ground cracked and displayed a spiderweb-like effect. The force was completely sent into the ground and it spread out in waves. It soon encountered the sword mark that contained transparent crystal sword energies.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

Instantly, thunder-like noises sounded as sword energies shot everywhere.

Numerous sword energies shot out of the mark that Fei left on the ground. At the same time, the red warrior energy of the [Godly Knight] erupted from the ground like lava in a volcano. The two different energies smashed into each other and battled.

After a while, the transparent crystal sword energies disappeared.

The red warrior energy that erupted from the ground also slowly dispersed into the air.

The dust settled.

The sword mark Fei drew on the ground was completely destroyed by the [Godly Knight]. In addition, the Fist Spiritual Spatial Seal was finally broken by this as well.

The [Godly Knight] slowly stood up and raised his right arm.

More than three hundred cavaliers behind him all got back onto their horses and their metal armors made a series of metal gliding noises as they did so. The cavaliers all roared as they got ready; it was very pressing. They soon formed a cone-shaped charging formation and pointed their lances at Chambord.

However –

The [Godly Knight] didn’t point forward with his right arm but rather waved it.

All the cavaliers were stunned.

This gesture didn’t command a charge!

It meant …… Retreat!

Retreat immediately!

The cavaliers were ready for the [Godly Knight] to say the word “revenge” and they would have charged at Chambord to redeem their image. However, they didn’t expect to get this order from their supreme leader; all the elite cavaliers from Imperial Knight Palace all frozen for a few seconds. After they under

stood the situation, they turned their horses around unwillingly, shouted, and whipped their horses. Like a black flood, they soon disappeared from the camp area.

A lot of people who were observing this also didn’t know why the [Godly Knight] made such order.

“Could it be that he feels like he can take on Chambord alone?”

“Has he already decided to compromise?”

With all the eyes on him, the [Godly Knight] stepped over the sword mark that he destroyed and walked to the center of Chambord’s campsite. After he glanced around slowly, he finally landed his eyes on the cavaliers who were tied onto wooden stakes. He looked around so slow that it seemed like he was trying to remember the faces of the Chambordian warriors; he stared at Oleg the longest.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

The [Godly Knight] lightly waved his hand and more than forty dashes of red warrior energies flew out to chop off the chains that were tying the cavaliers up.

Chapter 275: Untouchable (Part Two)

“Captain……”

“Captain, please make a just call!”

After seeing the arrival of the [Godly Knight], all the cavaliers who were beaten up kneeled down and cried; they looked like kidnapped kids who finally found their parents. As they kneeled in front of the [Godly Knight], they told him about how cruel and reckless the Chambordians were and wanted the First Executive Knight Captain to make things right for them.

“Go back!” The [Godly Knight] said in a light tone as he frowned.

“Ah? Captain, the King of Chambord didn’t even show any respect towards the Imperial Knight Palace. They……” The leopard-eyed group leader quickly said.

The [Godly Knight] started into the eyes of this leader and his sharp eyes seemed to have already seen through the thoughts of this leader. Instantly, the group leader didn’t dare to continue with his argument and walked away with the help of two cavaliers who weren’t as beat. Before he left, he turned around and looked at Oleg with a vicious expression.

The Chambordian warriors had gotten the order from Fei and didn’t say anything.

After staring at the central tent for a while, the [Godly Knight] turned around and was ready to leave without saying anything.

“Your honor, please wait!” Lampard suddenly said.

“Huh?” the [Godly Knight] turned back around as a pressing sensation came off of him like a hungry beast. He sneered: “What? Does the King of Chambord want to tie me up as well?”

This sentence exposed his internal emotional state.

It was obvious that he was really dissatisfied with what Chambordians did. However, he controlled the anger for some reason.

“Your honor, there is a misunderstanding.” Lampard said calmly as he walked up: “Alexander His Majesty ordered me to give this to you.”

After he said that, he waved his hand and hooligan-like Drogba walked up with a plate on his hands. Under the sun, the six-edged prism crystal looked beautiful on this wooden plate.

The [Godly Knight] was surprised.

He knew that this crystal was called [Divy Crystal]. This was a magical gem that was able to record the sounds and images for a period of time and replay them perfectly. Because of this feature, it was used mostly for recording the proof when criminals confessed.

The [Godly Knight] didn’t expect a little level 6 affiliated kingdom to have such a rare type of magic gem.

He already guessed what was recorded in it.

He waved his hand and the [Divy Crystal] flew into his hand from the plate.

At this moment, hooligan-like Pierce also walked up and put a bag of stuff in front of the [Godly Knight]; it contained the treasure of Blood-Edge that was “discovered” from Chambord. Pierce said with his loud voice: “These proofs are left by those misters from Imperial Knight Palace. His Majesty told me to give them to you, your honor!”

The [Godly Knight]’s face changed color, but he soon calmed himself. He lightly waved his hand and a white light flashed by; all the items were pulled into his storage ring. He then looked at the central tent before he dashed away toward the direction of St. Petersburg.

After seeing the man leave, the Chambordian warriors were relieved.

The Number One Executive Knight Captain did bring a lot of pressure; the presence of that man was like a huge mountain that was sitting on the back of these warriors; they almost couldn’t breathe! It was a pure domination in terms of strength. Lampard was now a mid-tier five-star warrior and he wasn’t feeling that bad. However, Pierce and Drogba were weaker and instantly started to breathe heavily as if they were fishes that were put back into the water.

It seemed like the [Godly Knight] wanted to press these warriors down onto the ground with his presence, but he didn’t succeed.

“Everyone go back to your positions!”

Cech, the person who was just under Fei in terms of influence waved his hand and the soldiers of Chambord instantly dispersed back to their old spots. The pressing atmosphere disappeared and was replaced with the light and busy atmosphere.

All the people who were observing from afar were confused.

No one expected this outcome! The cavaliers of the Imperial Knight Palace didn’t arrest the Chambordians for the crime of treason and association with the assassins; rather, the forty plus cavaliers in the campsite were arrested and beaten up. Even after the Number One Executive Knight Captain came, the situation wasn’t overturned. Not sure what the man thought about, but he didn’t say much after he cracked the Fist Spiritual Spatial Seal and it looked like he was going to let it pass.

There were so many issues that the people who were watching couldn’t figure out.

However, the King of Chambord’s impressive strength shocked them one more time. Fist Spiritual Spatial Seal was unimaginable! After this incident, people had associated the King of Chambord with Moon-Class Elite Warriors. The King of Chambord became someone untouchable in their minds and Chambord became a kingdom that should never be offended.



* * *





Chapter 276




Chapter 276

Chapter 276: Where Is This? (Part One)

Inside the central tent.

Angela and Emma were comforting the eight terrified girls.

The girl who got whipped hard by the cavalier was completely healed by Fei’s [Prayer] skill under Paladin Mode. In addition, the girls who got bruises on their bodies from kneeling and begging also got healed by the auras of the Paladin. The two noble-like girls who didn’t speak the language of Zenit still couldn’t hide the fear in their eyes, but they trusted Angela and Fei more; they no longer only stuck around Lampard.

“Keep them in the camp for now, and they can keep you guys company. You can let them do things that a man can’t do.” Fei felt pity and wanted to keep the girls safe. He laughed as he said to Angela: “After we return to Chambord, we can help them to settle down at Chambord and get registered as Chambord citizens if they want to!”

Registered residents. It was a new term.

In order to manage all the people at Chambord, Fei used the policy that people used on Earth. Although this policy was controversial on Earth, it was effective for Chambord’s situation. The officials at Chambord was able to utilize this policy and got everyone at Chambord registered. Only the ones who were registered were the official citizens of Chambord.

Angela and Emma led the eight girls away and tried to settle their issues once for all.

After that, the key leaders of Chambord’s Expedition Force such as Lampard and Cech came into the tent after the guards notified Fei.

“Your Majesty, aren’t you afraid of the Imperial Knight Palace coming back to bite us in the ass? After all, we gave all the evidence to the [Godly Knight].” After they all sat down, Lampard asked the question that was on a lot of people’s mind.

The warriors of Chambord felt great after teaching the arrogant cavaliers a lesson.

After the investigation, it was found that the cavaliers brought in the “evidence” to Chambord’s campsite in order to frame Chambord. The [Divy Crystal] recorded all of these proofs and they are crucial to proving Chambord’s innocence. However, Fei gave all of these key artifacts to the [Godly Knight], and the warriors of Chambord were worried.

“Under the current situation, we couldn’t really fight against the Imperial Knight Palace.” Fei lightly shook his head as he said: “There is no use in keeping the evidence. In addition, we can’t really do anything with the evidence. After all, we used some degree of torture when questioning them, and they could say that they were forced to say what we wanted to hear. Remember, all the conspiracies and dirty tricks are like jokes in front of brutal strength. I wasn’t planning to get to the truth by questioning those cavaliers, and I’m sure that the [Godly Knight] knows about it. I just wanted you guys to vent off your anger, and I wanted to warn the people who are planning to put their hands into Chambord; they are dreaming if they think they could touch us using these dirty tricks!”

The warriors of Chambord felt a pressing confidence as the king explained everything to them.

Not long ago, Chambord was the adjective that represented weakness and shame; the people of Chambord were bullied and treated like garbage by others. But now, even the level 1 affiliated kingdoms and the high-level nobles had to treat Chambord with respect…… All of these changes took place because of the young man in front of them.

“Could it be that Your Majesty already know who is behind this?” Cech’s eyes lit up.

“Not entirely sure, but it is not hard to trace it. Only a few forces got a piece of Blood-Edge’s treasure. As long as I ask Paris or Elder Princess to trace where th

ese treasures went, we should be able to see who is behind this.”

Fei rubbed his chin and continued: “However, dirty tricks like this aren’t effective and not damaging to us. What you guys need to focus on is to improve your strength. After all, these tricks are nothing in front of pure strength. In this aspect, our Mr. Warden did a great job!”

This made everyone laugh out loud.

They all knew what the king meant.

About twenty days ago when Oleg questioned the northern slave capturer team of Blood-Edge, he wasn’t able to extract any useful information from them. That made everyone doubt this warden’s questioning techniques that himself was proud of. But today, Oleg showed everyone what he was capable of. His techniques were not the cruelest, but they were the most suitable and effective. After the process, all the tough men of the Imperial Knight Palace had to spit everything they knew. If the fatty wanted, he could probably get information on the color of the cavaliers’ underwears.

After receiving the king’s appraise, a bright smile appeared on the flatterer’s face. He bowed habitually and flattered: “Your Majesty! It is you who taught me everything!”

This was technically correct. A lot of the techniques that the fatty used today were the techniques that Fei described to him. Fei had seen a lot of movies that contained a lot of torture scenes, and he told Oleg about them after making some adjustments.

“If I’m not wrong, the Imperial Knight Palace won’t come after us anymore. Of course, we have to have our guards up. From now on, everyone has to be more aware. If anything happens, just follow the plan that we set up!”

“As you wish, your majesty!”

After the key leaders left the central tent, Fei thought for a while and made sure that he didn’t forget anything. He recorded some ideas and thoughts on the notepad he had for reflections, and he then used the skill [Summon], created the teleport portal, and entered the Diablo World.



Chapter 276: Where Is This? (Part Two)

“Hey, where are you taking us?” Priestess Akara asked impatiently.

Three minutes ago, Fei arrived at [Rogue Encampment] in a hurry. He disrupted Akara’s and Cain’s work and took them to a remote location in the camp mysteriously. He then opened up a portal and invited them in.

“Yeah, my time is precious. Didn’t you always say that wasting others time is like killing them slowly? I tell you what, I made another discovery today! Hahaha, remember that you wanted me to crack open that teleport portal? I have cracked open about a hundred out the three hundred sixty-five magic pathings. I’m busy……” Oldman Cain was also very impatient.

“You guys will know after passing through this portal. It is a good place.”

Fei didn’t spoil it for them. He waved his hands at the two elderly and walked into the portal in front of him.

Buzz!

After a light buzz, Fei felt like he had passed through a temporal and spatial tunnel.

In the next second, Fei appeared in the dim room that had the silver energy on the walls. A thick black book was floating in the air, and the most eye-catching thing was the golden skeleton that felt like a huge mountain that no one can get over.

This was the secret room that Fei found in the underground hall of Blood-Edge.

Fei had destroyed the teleport portal that was in the underground hall and left spatial coordinates using magic in this room. Using the coordinates, Fei was able to use the skill [Summon] that was leveled up to teleport himself into the room.

Now, Fei was the only person who could come to this room!

Buzz! Buzz!

After some more buzzing noises, Akara and Cain both appeared in the room through the teleport portal.

“God, where on earth is this? I had never been here, but I sense something familiar……” Akara who was always calm and collected all the time gasped. She stared at the light yellow walls and the [Demon King’s Wisdom] that was floating in the air in astonishment.

“Oh god….. This…… This……”

Cain immediately focused his attention on the golden skeleton that was in the middle of the room. His eyes shone as he stared at it. Like a hungry man in front of a fancy dinner, he drooled a lot. If the sensation coming off of the skeleton wasn’t that powerful, Cain would have grabbed the golden skeleton and kissed it.

“Tell me, Fei, where is this?” The two “scientists” finally calmed themselves down as they asked Fei in unison.

“Weren’t you guys unwilling to come here?” Fei slowly told the two people about this mysterious room.

“Eh…… you told us nothing useful!” The two of them weren’t satisfied with Fei’s explanation at all.

“To be honest, I don’t know where this is. However, it is obvious that there are a lot of secrets hidden in this room. I want to see if you guys can discover them. Also, that book is called [Demon King’s Wisdom]. I think you two would be very interested in it!” Fei shrugged his shoulder as he said.

To put it in simple terms, the king wanted two free labors who could help him unveil the secrets of this place.



* * *





Chapter 277




Chapter 277

Chapter 277: Center of the Crowd (Part One)

“This…… Ah, the legendary Seal Runes and Spatial Imprisonment! I didn’t expect to see these things that were talked about in legends in my lifetime.”

Cain was so excited that he started to pull on his white beard. He shivered as he rubbed the yellow walls with his wrinkled hands. He then turned around and explained everything to Fei. The silver energies that were floating on the walls were ancient characters; they were known as the runes of gods, and they had unbelievable powers that could fix something in space and time. This secret room was probably somewhere in the void, and it only existed in the void because of the power of the silver runes.

Fei nodded.

Although he didn’t know about this unimaginable power, it wasn’t far from his estimations. All of the walls that flashed the yellow light weren’t real structures made of soil or natural material; they were an energy that was transformed into the shape of walls.

“Too bad, the application of these techniques are just too complex. In addition, the runes are floating on the wall and don’t show their complete form.”

Oldman Cain sighed. From his current skill level, he wasn’t able to completely copy them. By just looking at the flashing silver runes, he was still not able to replicate the core and essence of the Seal Runes and Spatial Imprisonment. Only time would help him with the study.

If one could understand and grasp the godly runes, then opening up some space in the void and creating a castle would be no longer unthinkable.

Didn’t matter if it was Diablo World or Azeroth Continent, there were legends and stories where gods created space and lives. Those things really wasn’t imaginable for the average person.

“We can slowly study these silver runes. This secret room won’t disappear.”

Fei found it funny seeing the Oldman Cain acting like a kid who wanted his favorite toys. He laughed as he set up teleport portals for both Akara and Cain to get here from Rogue Encampment.

This way, they were able to come to this secret room every day for a certain amount of time. Just like how they taught classes at the university in the [City of Heroes] at the back mountain of Chambord, they could come here to study. With Fe’s current spiritual power, the two of them could only stay in places other than Diablo World for four hours and twenty minutes every day. This upper limit couldn’t be changed, so they needed to allocate their time efficiently.

Akara was still staring at the book [Demon King’s Wisdom] that was floating in the air.

“God, this is an unbelievable book. This is like a cyclopedia for all warrior and mages. There is so much knowledge recorded in the book; vast like the ocean. Also, there are a lot of impressive methods on record……. Wisdom, this book is really worthy enough to be called the wisdom. I don’t know why it would be called the [Demon King’s Wisdom]; I think it should be called [God’s Wisdom]!”

In a short time, the priestess had gone through 80% of the content in the book.

She wasn’t like Fei who just picked up the ancient language. As someone who mastered the ancient text of Diablo World, she really loved studying these ancient matters. In addition, there was a bit of connection between Diablo World and Azeroth Continent. Other than the theories behind the magic spells and warrior techniques, there were connections between ancient texts. Therefore, the priestess could roughly understand most of the content in the book.

Finally, Cain also moved his eyes off of the yellow walls.

However, the old man wasn’t too interested in subjects such as architecture, mechanisms, weapon and armor crea

tion, metal mining. Instead. He focused on the stone lanterns and the stone chains that locked [Demon King’s Wisdom] in place.

“Oh god, It is a miracle……” Cain caressed the rough stone chains as he stared at the runes that were flashing on the surface of the stone lanterns. His body shivered as he said: “Ahhhh, these are Micro Imprisonment Runes. Ahaha, these runes actually exist? The legends are real……”

Since the old man acted as if he had gone mad, Fei knew he won’t be able to get any detailed information from Cain.

Every time Cain fell into that state of mind, his speech would be confusing and irrational. Except for his brain that was able to work under this workaholic condition, his communication skills would fell to the level of an infant.

After thinking of this, Fei took out the gate to the underground hall as well as the nine mysterious symbols that he stole. He placed them in this room for the two people to study, and he turned around and left.

“Ah, god……”

“Aha, such things are real!”

Before Fei got teleported out, he was still hearing the gasps and shouts of the two “mad scientists”’.

Chapter 277: Center of the Crowd (Part Two)

After Fei got back into Diablo World, he thought for a while and summoned Elena. They entered the Third Map [Kurast Docks] to level up.

Before this, Fei had already finished the first quest [The Golden Bird] of the third map.

The reward for completing that quest was a magic potion that could permanently increase the health by 20 points. Fei didn’t use it immediately; he kept it in his storage space.

His Barbarian Character, Assassin Character, Sorceress Character, Paladin Character, Druid Character, Necromancer Character, and Amazon Character were now level 45, 39, 41, 39, 39, 37, and 40, respectively. Except for the Necromancer and Amazon Characters, all other five character had completed all quests at [Lut Gholein]. After these two last characters pass the second map, all seven of Fei’s characters would have cleared the second stage.

However, since the situation at Zenit was chaotic and dangerous, and powerful opponents appeared one after another, Fei needed to improve his strength quick. He had changed his level-up strategy; he ditched the plan of balancing the power levels of all of his characters and going for that uncertain reward for clearing the second stage. Instead, he focused his time on advancing his Barbarian Character and becoming a Moon-Class Elite Warrior.

After completing the second quest in [Kurast Docks], the Barbarian was now level 46.

Elena also got stronger. She was level 40 and mastered all four elemental magic arrows. In addition, the coordination between her and Fei got smoother. As they fought with the demons and monsters, they would know what each other was thinking of as long as they saw each other’s eyes or initial movements. With this level of connection, it felt like they were being controlled by the same person.

The feelings between them were also transforming.

Since the stone room incident in Chambord, their relationship didn’t progress. However, Fei was able to sense that the [Flower of Rogue] that was beautiful and valiant was no longer positioning herself as Fei’s unimportant servant. Fei could feel the passion and love inside Elena’s heart. Their relationship now was intimate and lovely.

During breaks from fighting, Fei would hold onto Elena’s soft and smooth hands. Although it wasn’t like long walks on the beach, it was very similar as they walked on the road of blood with corpses of monsters on the sides.

The time limit for the day was up, and both of them left Diablo World.

……

“Everything is normal. Nothing is irregular, and the cavaliers of the Imperial Knight Palace didn’t reappear as well.”

When Fei returned, his personal guard Torres walked up and reported on what happened in the last four hours. Everything was just like Fei predicted. After the event that took place in the morning, the Imperial Knight Palace quieted down and didn’t proceed with a revenge.

After that, Fei took a walk in the camp area. Because the searching for the assassins of Spartax Empire finished, the members of the affiliated kingdoms were allowed to walk within the camp area normally. At the same time, Emperor Yassin ordered all affiliated kingdoms to get ready; the Imperial Military Practice was going to start in two days.

Finally, everyone’s attention was placed back onto the competition.

Fei sent away his guards and wandered around in the camp area. He soon walked near the Byzantine Kingdom. The campsite of this kingdom that was quiet in the past was now crowded and noisy. Everyone knew that the young king of Byzantine was supported by the King of Chambord, and a lot of the emissaries and ministers of other forces and kingdoms tried to establish a good relationship with Byzantine since they were afraid of going to Chambord directly; they all wanted to get some benefits in the upcoming competition.

Seeing this from afar, Fei smiled as he knew this young king had grasped the opportunity. The young king of Byzantine was definitely the center of the crowd. He was confident and chatting with all the visitors friendly; he was no longer timid and afraid.

However, Fei didn’t walk up; he turned around and left instead.

For the last hour, he felt strange; he felt like someone was following him and observing him. But didn’t matter how hard he tried, he couldn’t find this person.



* * *





Chapter 278




Chapter 278

Chapter 278: Lonely and Above-all Presence (Part One)

The Barbarian was really sensitive to danger, and Fei was never wrong on this. Although he couldn’t really spot the person, he knew he was being followed.

The person who was following him was really powerful.

Fei’s level 46 Barbarian Character was equivalent to a seven-star warrior, and the skills in Diablo World had their own amazing effects. But after Fei changed his pathing several times in secrecy, he still couldn’t get away from that person.

Fei thought he had lost that person several times, but he would soon feel like he was being followed again.

Fei didn’t think he was just hallucinating.

There was only one explanation: The person who was following him was just way to powerful. Fei felt like that person was way out of his league.

Fei felt like he was an ant that was trying to get away, and that person was a god who was looking down at him from the heaven…… they were just in two completely different worlds.

Could it be that this person was the mysterious assassin who tried to kill him before?

Fei was a little scared when he thought of that.

Ever since Fei got the purple scroll book from the ancestors of [Rogue Encampment], he was able to temporality hide the spiritual seal that assassin left in his body. In addition, since that assassin was severely injured by someone else during the battle that occurred in Moro Mountains, Fei wasn’t too concerned with that assassin getting back at him. However……

One thing that calmed Fei down a little was the fact that this person didn’t initiate an attack; he was just following Fei.

Fei then walked around the entire camp area that was at least a hundred square kilometers big slowly and quietly. When he did that, he secretly passed the message that he won’t be back for the night to Chambordians in case Angela and others got worried. When the night arrived, Fei quickly switched to Assassin Mode; his body turned into a cloud of smoke as he soon merged into the darkness.

Fei didn’t decide to go back to Chambord’s campsite. If the powerful warrior who was following him suddenly decided to attack, the Chambordians especially Angela and the girls who didn’t have any warrior energy would be affected. The battle between him and this unknown master warrior would send out energy waves, and the people who didn’t have the ability to protect themselves would be in a very dangerous situation.

Therefore, he chose Moro Mountains.

Fei who was under Assassin Mode was so fast that he was like a dash of shadow. Soon, he reached the place in Moro Mountains where the two master warriors battled.

Fe switched back to Barbarian Mode and stood there quietly.

With numerous techniques and trump cards he had, Fei was 100% confident in his ability to escape from the assassin who was after him the other day. That was the reason why he came to the Moro Mountains; he wanted this secret person to show himself or herself.

As his Barbarian Character got more powerful, Fei gradually reached a higher level; not just in terms of ranks, but also in terms of forms of power.

It was still quite vague to Fei, and Fei wanted to use the pressure from a life-and-death battle to stimulate his potential.

After waiting for a while, Fei frowned.

He realized that the person who was following him disappeared; it felt like that person was never there.

“The sensitivity of the Barbarian shouldn’t be wrong…… Could it be that I really lost him or her?”

Fei waited for another half an hour and nothing occurred. He was sure that the feeling of being followed and monitored disappeared.

That made Fei a little disappointed.

He was hoping for that mysterious

assassin to appear and attack him; he really wanted that life-and-death battle. After these days he spent on improving his strength, Fei knew that he won’t be that defenseless in front that assassin anymore.

“Whatever! Since that stalker is now gone, I should focus on improving my strength!”

Fei dashed forward and stood in front of the huge battlefield.

The huge terrifying magic arrays that the royal mages set up were still running. Fei used his special footwork to get through the magic array. With the strange pathing and special rhythm, Fei slowly got through the ice-elemental magic array without triggering anything.

Inside the huge pit, warrior energies were still flashing and flying around; they were like the fancy fireworks in a nightly sky.

They were Fist Spiritual Spatial Seals.

Chapter 278: Lonely and Above-all Presence (Part Two)

When the two mysterious warriors battled each other, their techniques and powers were just too strong. Although they didn’t mean to, their energies were still sealed into the space. If a five-star warrior got hit by a seal, the triggered warrior energy would turn him or her into a pile of meat paste.

About twenty days had passed since the battle. Some of the power had dispersed, but the remaining forces were still strong.

These warrior energy seals that were floating around in the air gave Fei a lot of inspiration, and it opened a door for Fei in terms of motivation. The reason why he was able to leave the transparent crystal sword energy in front of the gate of Chambord was that he copy the energy forms here. What he used wasn’t Fist Spiritual Spatial Seal; it looked similar, but it didn’t mean Fei was now a Moon-Class Elite Warrior.

After Fei got through the magic array, he immediately sat down and used the methods in the purple scroll book to train his spiritual power.

After half an hour, he gradually opened his eyes and exhaled. After days of hard work, Fei’s spiritual power finally reached level 300. It was a little breakthrough.

As his spiritual power increased, he would be able to stay in Diablo World longer.

This meant that Fei would be able to spend more time on leveling up, and his strength would increase a lot faster.

Fei nodded his head out of satisfaction. He then stood up and got ready to dash through the warrior energy seals that the two mysterious warriors left in the air; that was the method that he always used to improve his strength in the last while. But when he stood up and look forward, his eyes opened big and wide; it felt like he was frozen in place.

Not sure when, but there was a person standing not too far away.

The person was thin.

The person also wasn’t that tall. However, he was standing straight like a spear, and he was facing away from Fei. Fei couldn’t see the man’s face, but he could see the brown robe and cloth belt that the person was wearing. The man’s long hair was like a waterfall that was fluttering in the air, and the man’s presence was lonely and above-all.

What surprised Fei the most was this man’s strength – Fei couldn’t see through him at all.

Fei was completely sure that this man wasn’t here when he started the training of his spiritual power. In less than thirty minutes, this man quietly got into the huge pit. Moreover, this man got within ten meters of Fei without Fei knowing. This hadn’t happened in a long time.

Without triggering the magic arrays as well……. How powerful was this man?

Fei was getting more and more surprised.

The man was standing within the region of warrior power seals, and it didn’t feel like he had any warrior energies. However, the seals that could easily tear five-star warriors into pieces had no effect on this man. The man’s robe didn’t even move as it touched the seals.

Fei’s pupil contracted.

He finally discovered something. The terrifying warrior energy seals dissolved like snow on a hot summer day as the man got close to them.

As a chilly breeze blew by, Fei woke up from his shock.

“Who are you?”

The king asked as he unleashed the power of the Barbarian. He also summoned all of his equipment. Although this man didn’t unveil his power, Fei felt an insane amount of danger from him. This sensation was far stronger than what the mysterious assassin gave him.

“King of Chambord?” An emotionless voice sounded.

“Yes.”

“Great. If you can last more than ten strikes from me, I won’t kill you!”

Before the man finished talking, Fei saw the man move. Instantly, the man unleashed some of his power, and it formed a green sword that was more than ten meters long. As if it was being pulled out of nowhere, it slowly unveiled itself. It lightly shook as it dashed forward, and it was already ten centimeters away from Fei.

Fast!

Too fast!

Unbelievably fast!



* * *





Chapter 279




Chapter 279

Chapter 279: Aggressive Collision (Part One)

“Damn!”

The king swore habitually as he crossed his dual blades in front of him. The power of the level 46 Barbarian was fully unleashed, and a huge fire cross appeared in the air after it was buffed by the level 7 Green Items from Diablo World. However, this huge fire cross was barely able to defend against the huge green sword.

This suddenly battle put Fei at a disadvantage.

In addition, his opponent was a lot stronger than him.

Whoosh!

A huge amount of energy broke through Fei’s defense and poured into his arms through the dual blades.

At the same time, the huge green sword lightly shook and destroyed the fire cross. It dashed at Fei’s head and targeted the location between Fei’s eyebrows. Just the energy surrounding the sharp blade created a deep scar on Fei’s forehead before the blade touched him.

This sudden release of energy also knocked the dual blades out of Fei’s hands.

However, the momentary blockage bought Fei a second of reaction time.

He used [Leap] and got himself into mid-air.

The huge green sword that was more than ten meters long with mysterious symbols on it dashed through under Fei’s feet, and the sharp energy around it almost made Fei’s legs numb; he almost lost his balance and fell down.

After it dashed by Fei, the sword went straight at the magic arrays protecting the battlefield.

“Shiz!” Fei shouted.

This sword energy was destructive. If it hit any of the magic arrays, it would trigger them and create a series of explosions. It was possible that the mountains and forests within a ten-kilometer radius would be destroyed.

However, just the second before the sword collided with the magic array, it disappeared.

Terrifying control!

Fei, who just landed on a piece of rock, was shocked by what he saw.

The thin figure in front of him had unbelievable control of his energy. Fei knew that he was able to create a strike on the same level as this sword energy if he gave his all, but he couldn’t control it to this degree.

Pia!

The chilly breeze blew by, and Fei’s helmet shattered. The pieces fell to the ground.

This helmet was a level 6 Orange Crafted Item from Diablo World; it was one of the best items in the same category. Fei just bought it for 50,000 gold coins from the NPC Ormus in [Kurast Docks]; who knew it would be destroyed by this man in front of him so easily.

Terrifying!

Absolutely terrifying!

Blood slowly slid down Fei’s head and covered his left eye.

“Second Strike …… [Strike of Blade]!”

The emotionless voice sounded again.

Then, a dashed of green energy slowly formed behind the man. It was almost identical to the previous attack, but this time, the energy formed a green blade. As if this blade traveled through the void to get here, it slowly moved forward out of the green energy until it completely revealed itself including the handle. It was also ten meters long.

On this blade made from warrior energy, there were also a ton of mysterious symbols and runes. Fei was able to clearly see every part of the blade as the blade was frozen in the air.

Whoosh!

The blade dashed forward and tore through the air.

The green blade dashed at Fei through a strange trajectory. It was so fast that it looked like bean of light. However, despite its speed, it somehow looked slow.

“Fu*k!”

Fei was too triggered.

Another mysterious yet devastating attack.

The [Strike of Blade] was even more terrifying than the [Strike of Sword]. It had less lightness but more domination. The determination and domination in this strike even shocked Fei who was a Barbarian.

&l

dquo;Sky Frost Fist……”

Fei punched out continuously, and the transparent crystal fist marks formed in the air one after another. All of them were targeting this blade energy.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

Chapter 279: Aggressive Collision (Part Two)

The energies spilled all over, and the crystal fist marks got chopped apart one after another as well. The energy waves moved the space, and all the rocks in the way of the blade got turned into clouds of dust.

Finally, the blade showed itself on top of Fei’s head. After a short moment of pause, it chopped down and completely enveloped Fei in it. It made Fei feel like it was doomsday.

“Covering the Sky!!!”

Fei roared as numerous crystal transparent fist mark consolidated into a huge hand that was ten meters tall and ten meters wide. The hand was so clear that every line on the palm could be seen. As Fei roared, the hand slowly closed its palm and formed into a fist; the fingers left a series of afterimages in the air, and it looked like a crystal flower that slowly closed its petals.

Boom!

The huge crystal transparent fist mark collided with the huge green blade. At that moment, time froze. That short moment was as long as a century.

Then, like an erupting volcano, energies splashed in all directions. The battlefield was now a complete mess. The splashing energies triggered more than a dozen magic arrays, and the erupting colorful magic elements looked like beautiful fireworks as they lit up the nightly sky.

Fei didn’t have the luxury of enjoying the scenery.

The huge repulsion force pushed half of his body into the ground, and he puked up a mouthful of blood. Although the green blade got weakened by the crystal fist mark, it wasn’t shattered. The green light around it dimmed as some cracks formed on its body. It chopped down again and didn’t leave Fei a moment to breathe.

Buzz!

At the critical moment, Fei’s body suddenly blurred and disappeared.

Boom!

The green blade chopped down and left a huge deep void in the ground.

Fei already appeared on top of the man’s head.

Fei teleported himself there using [Telekinesis] after he switched to Sorceress Mode.

He then switched back to Barbarian Mode; he had no choice.

Currently, the barbarian was his most powerful character, and he was most comfortable with it. He pulled out a pair of swords made from [Demon’s Remains] and [Black Stone Essences] from his storage space. With momentum, he pierced down at the man’s head.

Counterattack!

It was a part of Fei’s plan.

The best defense is a good offense. If he just stood there and took it, he might not be able to withstand the third strike from this man. Therefore, he had to use [Telekinesis] and initiate the attack.

“[Strike of Palm]”

Although Fei seized the perfect opportunity to counterattack, the man wasn’t moved by it.

The emotionless voice sounded again. The man stood still, but a huge green hand appeared on top of his head. This hand was similar to Fei’s [Sky Frost Fist], but it was more unpretentious; it only had the shape but not the details. However, it still easily blocked Fei’s attack.

Crack!

Both the green hand and the blades cracked.

Fei was shocked.

It was the first time that he saw weapons made from [Demon’s Remains] crack. The weapons made from [Demon’s Remains] naturally could counter warrior energy. It was obvious that the green hand was made from warrior energy, and it still didn’t shatter under the attack. The quality and the thickness of the green warrior energy was impressive.

“Who is he?”

“Who is he?”

“Who the fu*k is he?”

Fei shouted in his mind, but he didn’t dare to slow down. Using the repulsive force from the collision, his body shot up the sky and disappeared.

Fei switched to Assassin Mode and disappeared into the nightly sky using the stealth techniques.

After assessing the situation, he knew he couldn’t win directly. He carefully observed the man’s body and presence as he tried to find a weakness.

Fei carefully changed his locations continuously as he kept on observing.

Finally, he got to the front of the man and had the chance to see his face.

It was a very common face with soft edges and thin lips. The man still had his eyes closed, but his eyebrows were sharp like knives. There was a vague powerful sensation circulating around his body.

Fei had never seen this man before.

Also, he didn’t sense any murderous intent.

He was also sure that this man wasn’t the assassin who tried to kill him in the past. What was more surprising was that somehow he felt like he had seen this man before.

“[Strike of Arrows]!”

As Fei was trying to find a weakness, the voice sounded again. The green warrior energy covered the man’s body, and numerous green arrows appeared around him.

Fei’s face changed color. He knew he couldn’t hide anymore.



* * *





Chapter 280




Chapter 280

Chapter 280: Top-Tier Warrior (Part One)

In the next moment, all of the green arrows floated down and covered this mysterious man’s body. Each of the arrows was a meter long, and the symbols and runes also made the arrows look like they were real objects.

With the heads pointing outward, the arrows made the man looked like a huge hedgehog from afar.

As the mysterious man waved his hand, destructive power exploded. The arrows shot in all directions mercilessly, and the air-piercing noises also tore Fei’s eardrums.

Fei couldn’t hide anymore under this target-less AoE attack.

Faced with sharp and powerful arrows, Fei who was under Assassin Mode concentrated his Zen Energy onto his fists and punched out. With fire on his fists and the roar of a tiger, he used [Fists of Fire] and [Tiger Strike].

This dealt a

huge amount of damage.

Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom!

More than a dozen arrows were smashed into pieces.

Because this [Strike of Arrows] was an AoE technique, the power contained within each arrow was a lot weaker than the previous strikes. This was the reason why Fei was able to deal with it.

However, this AoE attack forced Fei out of the stealth.

“[Strike of Finger]!”

The cold voice sounded again as a ton of dust floated in the air.

This time, the man finally moved. He changed his pose and pointed at Fei with one finger.

Boop! Boop! Boop! Boop!

It sounded like a series of bubbles getting popped.

Fei felt like he was locked inside an invisible prison; he felt like he couldn’t dodge this attack at all.

As the mysterious man moved, a huge finger that was more than four meters long appeared on top

top of Fei’s head. It was so detailed that even the fingernail and fingerprints could be seen. As if the man’s finger got magnified, it pressed down at Fei like a giant pressing down on an ant.

Fei’s face changed color. He instantly switched back to Barbarian Mode. Numerous crystal fist marks appeared again.

This time, he chose to use [Sky Frost Fist – One Strike to Kill]

Mixed with barbarian’s skill [Bash], this strike could double Fei’s strength in a few seconds. If judging based on the power, this was Fei’s most powerful strike!

However –

Boom! Boom! Boom!

Fei’s most powerful strike only broke a small portion of the green finger. The rest of the green finger was still pressing down at Fei.

……

…….

After twenty minutes.

“Good.”

The mysterious man put his hands back to his back after ten strikes.

His knife-like eyebrows relaxed. He

relaxed. He looked at Fei with a calm yet emotionless expression. No one could tell what he was thinking about, and no one could tell that he almost killed the damn king a few minutes ago.

Fei who was standing about twenty meters away from the man was shocked to a great degree.

The battle he just experienced was the most dangerous and tough battle he partook since he arrived at Azeroth Continent.

Didn’t matter if it was power, experience, or attack angle, the man in front of Fei was far better than him. Close to the end of the battle, Fei had used all seven of his characters and planned numerous counterattacks and traps. However, everything he did was easily countered by this man.

In fact, this mysterious man didn’t even move his feet, but Fei got chased around like a

around like a monkey with its ass on fire.

There was a huge gap between their power levels.

In front of pure power, any sort of fancy techniques and plans would be useless.

Fei was in a very bad situation.

All of his level 6 and level 7 equipment from Diablo World got completely broken. Their durabilities were below zero, and they could no longer be repaired. These items at least cost Fei more than 200,000 gold coins, and they were now ragged.

Except for these ragged items, the tough body of the barbarian was no match for the powerful strikes of the mysterious man. There were numerous wounds on Fei’s arms, and the blood that continuously flowed out of the wounds stained Fei’s hands. In fact, except for the vital spots and Fei’s face, there were wounds everywhere else.



* * *





Chapter 281




Chapter 281

Chapter 281: Rapid Increase in Strength

After the battle where Fei gave his all, he lost his strength and didn’t even want to move his fingers. All of the external and internal injuries made Fei feel like he was getting bit by numerous ants. Every time he moved his body, it felt like he was getting poked by numerous needles; he would sweat a ton due to the pain.

After some rest, Fei’s thoughts got clearer in the cold wind.

He struggled and got a bottle of [Health Potion] from his storage space. After he chugged it down, the wounds disappeared, and he felt a lot better.

After Fei got more powerful, the effect of the [Health Potion] decreased.

This was expected.

The reason was simple. If a level 10 Barbarian had the health of 100, then the level 46 Barbarian had the health of more than 600. The [Health Potion] that could only heal 50 health points wouldn’t heal as much now proportionally speaking. When Fei just got to Azeroth Continent, half a bottle of [Health Potion] could save Pierce who was on the verge of dying. But now, it could only cure some injuries on Pierce’s body since he was now a four-star warrior.

After the potion was chugged, the fatigue was disappearing as well.

As someone who learned from experience, Fei thought back to this dangerous battle habitually.

That mysterious man was too damn powerful, and he knew a lot of combat techniques. [Strike of Sword], [Strike of Blade], [Strike of Palm], [Strike of Arrow], [Strike of Fist], [Strike of Finger]…… all of these techniques were used by him easily, but they dealt a great amount of damage. Fei’s level 46 Barbarian was equivalent to a seven-star warrior, but he was still beat. It felt like an adult was beating a kid.

However, what Fei was

thinking about wasn’t around this mysterious man’s strength.

For some reason, the king felt like he was ignoring something important.

After he frowned and tried to catch that moment of enlightenment, he still couldn’t figure it out. He stood still for about thirty minutes, and he felt a huge amount of pain in his forehead. Sweat dripped out of his temple like a fountain…… All of this was caused by the intense thinking.

Another cold breeze blew by…… As Fei sighed and was ready to give up, a buzz suddenly sounded in his head. All of the blockages in his head and in his thinking process were blew opened, and he was in another zone.

Boom!

Fei relaxed his eyebrows and suddenly punched out.

A huge transparent crystal fist mark flew out. After it traveled for about ten meters, it paused for a second. The light around it dimmed down a little, and its size decreased a lot as well. But after this moment of change, it continued its trajectory and dashed into the region where the Fist Spiritual Spatial Seals of the two master warriors were at. The green and red warrior energies instantly lit up the sky, and the warrior energies spilled in all directions as if numerous master warriors were throwing punches at each other.

Fei frowned again.

This punch didn’t reach his expectation.

He stood there and thought about it for a bit more. In his head, he played the moments when that mysterious man initiated the strikes…… That presence, that state of mind, that confidence, that control……

Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom!

He thought as he punched out and practiced. Fei was experiencing something that he had never experienced before.

Fei practiced until it was dawn, and he felt like he grasped onto something.

He switched to [Assassin Mode], and he got out of the battlefield using his special

special movement pattern. After he depleted his spiritual power, he trained it more using the methods in the purple scroll. After his spiritual power increased a little, he nodded out of satisfaction and disappeared from Moro Mountains.

……

The morning sunlight lit up the world.

After the strictest curfew, daytime restrictions, and numerous searches, the busy and prosperous atmosphere returned to the camp area.

The competition was about to take place in two days, and all of the 244 affiliated kingdoms were preparing for it; remember, six affiliated kingdoms got executed for involving with the assassins of Spartax. All of the master warriors of the affiliated kingdoms were concentrating and bettering their conditions. Some of them were practicing with each other on the fifty Sword Testing Stages in the camp. They were all trying to use different methods to advance their strength one last time before the competition.

The expedition force of Chambord was no different.

The practice of the Saint Seiyas and Bylaw Enforcement Officers were managed by Peter-Cech who was the head of the military.



Cech experienced a huge increase in strength, and he who had a noble background was much better at managing the soldiers than people like Pierce, Drogba, and Oleg who were grassroots. Fei put his men in the right places and endowed them with complete trust. This worked out well.

Torres was Fei’s personal bodyguard, and he was passionate about improving his own strength. Therefore, he talked and practice with Lampard who also didn’t like managing the soldiers. The young man’s strength increased dramatically over the past few days.

After Fei came back from Moro Mountains, he ate breakfast with Angela and Emma. After spending some time with the girls, he started his training in the central tent.

After lunch, he directly entered Diablo World.

Ever since Akara and Cain got to know the

know the items in the mysterious stone room, they were intrigued. They were in a mad state as they studied the items hard. Fei wasn’t lucky in talking with them, so he and Elena went on their journey. Through the portal in [Rogue Encampment], they arrived at [Kurast Docks].

[Kurast Docks] was a port city; it was between the ocean and the forest.

Most of the buildings were made from wood and constructed on water, and the city was divided into some major areas. Except for some storage areas and portals, there were more than a dozen NPCs. Some of them were in charge of giving out quests, and some of them were in charge of selling potions and etc.

Same as the second map [Lut Gholein], these NPCs didn’t have their own intelligence. Like programmed robots, they couldn’t communicate outside the scripts. They were almost identical to the NPCs in the game Fei played in his previous life.

In fact, only the NPCs in [Rouge Encampment] had their own intelligence and brought Fei experiences that he didn’t encounter in his previous life.

What was different about [Kurast Docks] was that the area in this map was a lot larger and a lot more mysterious than the previous two maps. The demons and monsters in here were more powerful, and Fei, the level 46 Barbarian, had to be careful when dealing with them.

This was one of the benefits of Diablo World.

As Fei’s characters leveled up, the monsters that he had to face increased in power as well. The new environments that Fei threw himself into were always more dangerous, and he had to keep his guards up to deal with it. This way, Fei’s practical battle experience increased, and his understanding of strength also increased. Dancing on the edge of death was the best training for a

training for a warrior; it wasn’t like some easy and boring games that people played in Fei’s previous life.

On top of a ton of danger, there was also a ton of experience points.

When the four hours and thirty minutes daily time limit was up, Fei actually didn’t complete the third quest of the map. Most of that time was spend on traveling and killing the monsters along the way. But before Fei left Diablo World, he leveled up three times; his Barbarian Character got to level 49.

Of course, on top of the increase in strength, Fei went to the NPC selling equipment and bought another set of items for 200,000 gold coins. He got a set of armor that offered 200 defense points, a helmet that offered 100 defense points, a pair of good gloves, boots, and a belt.

The only thing was that these items were all level 5 Blue Magic Items. Compared with the level 6 Orange Crafted Items Fei had, their styles, levels, and suitabilities were inferior. That made Fei a little-pissed off.

However, level 6 Orange Crafted Items could rarely be bought from the NPCs. Most of them were dropped after monsters were killed, and they were rare to get as well.

However, Fei wasn’t too worried since he had access to [Demon King’s Wisdom].

The book contained a lot of god-like forging techniques and enchanting techniques. If Cain and Akara could completely translate them, Charsi, the female blacksmith, should be able to make level 6 Orange Crafted Items that Fei could use after being guided by the knowledge; actually forging out level 7 and level 8 Legendary Items was no longer a dream as well.

After Fei went back to the real world, it was already evening.

At this time, two groups of honorable guests came to the campsite one after the other.



* * *





Chapter 282




Chapter 282

Chapter 282: Increase in Social Status

The first group of guests was led by [Red Beard] Granello.

The appearance of the second most influential figure under the second prince Dominguez quickly caught a lot of eyes in the camp area. Twenty soldiers from Imperial Patrol guarded six carriages and walked behind Granello. They acted as if they were trying to show-off; even people who didn’t’ know Granello paid a lot of attention to them. But when these people saw the six carriages heading into the campsite of Chambord, various kind of expressions appeared on their faces.

“These are the treasures of Blood-Edge. His Highness sent us here just to deliver them.”

[Red Beard] Granello was very polite. He was not the usual silent henchman today. He laughed and said: “Ms. Paris was planning to come, but some urgent matters came up and she has to deal with them. Therefore, I am the one who came, and Ms. Paris wants me to apologize for her about this!”

“Don’t worry about it. Thank you so much, Mr. Granello.” Fei waved his hand, and Chambord’s Bylaw Enforcement Officers took charge of the carriages.

When Blood-Edge got wiped. The second prince said that he would give all of his gains to Chambord, and he also revealed his “strength” a little. Today, he fulfilled his promise and sent the treasures over.

Although Fei didn’t care about these treasures, no one would have a headache for having too much money. Plus, accepting the gift itself was an expression of respect. If Fei rejected the gift, there might be some grudges created.

“His Highness only heard about what happened yesterday afterward. His Highness said that you don’t need to worry about Imperial Knight Palace anymore.”[Red Beard] Granello didn’t stay at Chambord’s campsite for too long. After some chit-chat, he told Fei that before he left.

Fei nodded.

Although this was within his expectation, his impression of the second prince got even better. The

prince must have pressured the Imperial Knight Palace, and he did so during such a sensitive time. After all, the attitude of the Imperial Knight Palace during the battle of the throne could tilt the scale.

This made Dominguez more trustworthy in Fei’s mind.

Also, this gift came at the right time.

From now on, the portion of the treasures of Blood-Edge that was in Fei’s storage space could see daylight with a plausible explanation – He could say that they were all from the second prince. Fei believed that this was one of the reasons why Dominguez gave him the gift.

At the same time, this would give Fei a reason to own a lot of money. After all, the power of the Horadric Cube would cause a lot of trouble for Fei if it was exposed.

“Please thank his highness for me!” Fei patted Granello’s shoulder and said farewell to the [Red Beard] and his men.

This scene was witnessed by other affiliated kingdoms.

“Looks like the second prince and the king of Chambord had established some kind of an agreement!”

“Ever since the king of Chambord shocked the world with his strength, he is qualified to weigh in on the battle for the throne.”

“I wonder what a force like Chambord could do to this heated battle when the king of Chambord favors the second prince……”

“Strange…… why would the king of Chambord favor the second prince?”

Similar chatters sounded in the camp area. Since the ten level 1 affiliated kingdoms kept their low-profiles, the new powerhouse Chambord became the topic of conversation. A ton of scouts and spies monitored Chambord, and the appearance of Granello made a lot of people think.

However, no one expected the next sequence of events.

After sending off the first group of guests, another group of guests appeared before Fei got back into his tent. All that Fei could see was a dash of purple from afar, and then he identified the

the girl, Ziene, who was always by the side of the elder princess.

Behind Ziene, there were also six carriages. Although the carriages were covered with green cloth and no one can be sure what was in them, the deep trails left by the wheels made people correlate treasures and magic gems with the carriages.

Except for a few people who had a lot of information, no one knew who this girl in the purple dress was.

This young and pretty girl gave off an icy and pure presence. The purple dress and the leather armor emphasized her figure, and she easily caught all the males’ attention as she walked through the camp area.

However, no one dared to approach her and talk to her; even the princes of the affiliated kingdoms who usually were players acted like sheeps. The powerful sensation coming off of the girl made them shiver, let alone the forty elite soldiers from the [Iron Blood] Legion.

“Your majesty! These treasures of Blood-Edge are sent by the elder princess on behalf of the elder prince. They might be of use to you.” After she got in front of Fei, she broke the record; it was the first time that she talked to a man this much; it was more than ten words!



Fei giggled: “If I’m not wrong, it is only the elder princess’ will. I bet the elder prince didn’t say anything.”

Ziene looked up at Fei with a surprised expression. With her mouth open, it felt like she was asking Fei: “How did you know?” Although the girl held back her curiosity, her expression betrayed her.

Fei lightly shook his head.

Actually, the elder prince Arshavin always had a faint of hostility towards Fei, and Fei felt it from the beginning. Since the elder princess was trying to minimize it, the light hostility didn’t turn into hatred. However, Fei didn’t worry too much about it. As long as Arshavin wasn’t

Arshavin wasn’t the emperor, he wasn’t a huge threat to Fei. Even if he did inherit the throne in a few years, Fei would have the power to rival against Zenit as well.

The intent behind this gift was the same. Just like Paris, the elder princess also wanted Fei to have a legitimate reason for owning the treasures of Blood-Edge.

The six carriages were pushed into the campsite of Chambord under the stares of numerous people. The soldiers of [Iron Blood] Legion chopped the ropes that were tying up the green cloth and revealed the huge black iron chests. After that, they opened the lid and allowed the gold and silver lights to be reflected. In addition to those, there were magic surges created by the magic gems. All of these dreamy colors made the people aware of what was inside them even though some of the people were hundreds of meters away.

Jealousy and envy appeared in many people’s eyes.

All of the treasures on these six carriages were equivalent to three years of income of a level 4 affiliated kingdom. With all these treasures, the king of Chambord would be one of the richest kings among all others even if he was broke beforehand.

If the king of Chambord was physically powerful before, he was now also financially strong.

Chambord was even more feared.

Ziene didn’t like to talk. After she delivered the treasures, she said goodbyes. “Your majesty, her highness told me to tell you that your conflict with the Imperial Knight Palace is settled; you no longer need to worry about it!”

Fei laughed: “Please expression the gratitude on my behalf.”

“So the side of elder prince also pressured the Imperial Knight Palace……” Fei was a little proud. “So my social status improved? The two most powerful princes are willing to offend the Imperial Knight Palace for me? So my value is higher than the Imperial Knight Palace?” He thought.

“Your majesty…… please take care!”

please take care!” The pretty girl in the purple dress said to Fei lightly before she left.

Fei was surprised.

It was obvious that this wasn’t a line that the elder princess wants to say to him; they were Ziene’s own words.

Fei wanted to say “thanks”, but Ziene already turned into a dash of purple light and disappeared into the sky.

“So why did the elder prince also give the king of Chambord such an expensive present?” Some of the observers were confused.

They knew the origin of these people from the symbol [Iron Blood] on the soldiers’ chest armors. Since these men represented the will of the elder prince Arshavin, this confused the crowd even more.

“Could it be that the king of Chambord is still waiting for a good price and he hadn’t chosen a side yet?”

“Damn, the king of Chambord! Such balls! Such ambitions!” Some people sneered. If anyone used this method to maximize their own profit in a battle of the throne, any prince who becomes the next emperor would hold a grudge against them. “This king is really just a bumpkin. Without knowledge, he made such a big mistake.” People thought.

……

Fei didn’t care about the observers.

After doing some accounting, Fei sent a small portion of the weapons and treasures to Constantine of Byzantine, he awarded a portion of the treasures to his soldiers, and he ordered his men to lock up the rest and safeguard them as the kingdom’s treasures.

That night, Fei switched to Assassin Mode and easily passed through checkpoints to get to Moro Mountains.

More than a dozen magic arrays were still protecting the huge battlefield, and numerous fist spiritual spatial seals were floating around in the air. A thin figure was standing in the center of the space with a bronze robe on his body; he was standing there peacefully as if he was the center of the universe, and he drew all of Fei’s attention.



* * *





Chapter 283




Chapter 283

Chapter 283: Same Strike (Part One)

It was that mysterious master warrior.

He did come again.

A mysterious smile appeared on Fei’s face.

Without hiding himself, he dashed down the mountains and got in front of the battlefield. Then, he used the same techniques in Assassin Mode and got through a magic array that was mid-tier among all the arrays there.

“Huh?” The mysterious master warrior was a little surprised by how Fei got through the magic array.

Although this man trained warrior energy, he had some knowledge about magic. Fei just got through a seven-star magic array, and there were more than three hundred magic pathings in it. These magic pathings were interconnected, and magic energy flowed through them at various speed and angles. If they were slightly triggered, the seven-star magic array would unleash a full-on attack. What Fei did using his agility and “predictions” was unbelievable! It was “miraculous”!

The mysterious man thought about it and realized that he couldn’t mimic what the king of Chambord did even though he was much stronger.

“Elder!” After Fei got through the array and rested for a bit, he stood up and greeted the man.

“Eh.” The surprise on the man’s face disappeared. After he observed Fei for a little, he nodded with a smile on his face.

“Elder, who are……?” Fei wanted to know who this man really was.

“Attack.” The mysterious man waved his hand and disrupted Fei. It seemed like he didn’t’ want to talk about it.

“Huh?” Fei was surprised; he didn’t know what was up.

“Punch me.” The mysterious man said. His voice was still emotionless. He then added: “Punch me with everything you have.”

Fei got it now.

“Damn, another battle?” He thought.

“He pressured me and attacked me yesterday, and

it is my turn to attack? Looks like my guess was correct.”

Fei realized that this man had a distinct characteristic – He didn’t like to talk. He treated his words like treasures; if he could express himself using a word, he won’t use two.

“Elder, be careful!”

Fei shouted as colorful lights appeared on his body. All of the equipment that he got from the NPC in [Kurast Docks] appeared on his body. All of his body parts were protected: wrists, fists, forearms, shoulders, chests, back, abdominal, legs, knees, ankles, feet…… All of the armors had exotic shapes, and they made Fei look like a blood-thirsty battle beast.

In the next moment, after a surge of magic energy, Fei unleashed his level 49 Barbarian as he took a deep breath. He pulled his arm back and clenched his fist. As if this movement pulled all of the energy in the world onto his fist, it looked impressive from afar.

“Sky Frost Fist – One Strike to Kill!”

Fei instantly used his most powerful strike.

In the area above his head, a transparent crystal fist mark that was about ten meters long, ten meters wide, and ten meters tall appeared like a phantom lotus. It instantly dashed toward the mysterious man, who was standing among the fist spiritual spatial seals, mercilessly. It was so fast that it created a series of ear-piercing noises and sparks in the air.

“Huh?” The mysterious man was surprised for the second time today. He nodded and said: “Not bad!”

As he said that, he made his move. He finally moved the hands behind his back, and he lightly waved them as if he was getting dust away. In the face of the devastating fist mark,

mark, a huge green palm appeared from the green warrior energy in front of the man.

[Strike of Palm]!

Boom!

The fist mark and the palm mark clashed.

The atmosphere was really tense. After a short moment of silence, the booming noise resonated in the battlefield. The chipped crystal fist mark and the green warrior energy flames together looked like a mad firework; it was beautiful yet dangerous. Under this firework, there were clouds of dust and chipped stones in the air. The ground even cracked as if the gods were angry.

This chaos finally settled down after four minutes.

The crystal fist mark and the [Strike of Palm] both disappeared.

“Your strength increased again.” The mysterious man was confused.

Fei nodded.

Chapter 283: Same Strike (Part Two)

“Too fast, not good!” The man frowned.

Fei was surprised at first, but he soon understood what the man meant.

On Azeroth Continent, the master warriors needed their strength to be on the same level as their mentality and spiritual level. Too fast of an increase just in strength would tilt the balance. Although this imbalance wouldn’t cause harmful effects like the ones described in Wuxia Novels, it would hinder future potentials. There were a lot of genius warriors who rapidly advanced in the star-level. But due to the depleted potential, they were stuck at the nine-star warrior level and couldn’t advance to the moon-class.

The path of cultivation was very similar to other things in nature; a firm foundation was the thing that couldn’t be neglected.

The height of the skyscraper is dependent on the depth of the foundation.

The future of a warrior is depended on the firm foundation of the basics.

Accumulate fast then use them slowly; that was the key.

The mysterious warrior was shocked by Fei’s speed

Fei’s speed of increase in power. Compared with last night, Fei was now on the level of mid-tier seven-star warrior. The mysterious warrior must have thought that Fei only focused on the strength and neglected the fundamentals. He was worried that Fei would be like the genius who depleted their potential at young ages.

Fei was touched by the man’s kind words.

This was the first time that someone taught him ever since he came to Azeroth Continent. This simple advice made him a little homesick. Fei felt like he was sitting in the classroom and being taught by his professors in university on Earth.

However, Fei didn’t know how to tell this man what was going on.

His increase in strength wasn’t ordinary; he was using the golden finger Diablo World. Unlike the warriors and mages who relied on a daily accumulation of energy and power, Fei’s increase in strength won’t slow down. In fact, as Fei’s spiritual power increases, he would be able to stay in Diablo World longer, and he would level up even faster!

Of course, Fei won’t share the secret about Diablo World with other people.

“Thank you for the advice, elder.” That was the only thing that Fei could say.

Fortunately, the mysterious man didn’t want to know the answer. Thinking back to how Fei got through the magic array, he knew that the king of Chambord had unique trump cards. In the world, people all had their secrets. The mysterious man only wanted to warn Fei; he didn’t want to get to others’ secrets.

“Your strike was too direct and you didn’t have enough control. You couldn’t utilize the residual power in the strike.”

As the man spoke, he lightly clenched his fist. A similar fist

A similar fist mark appeared in the air; it was made from his green warrior energy, but it mimicked all of the essences of Fei’s strike. He punched out. Although the speed of this strike was faster, it didn’t create sparks nor make ear-piercing noises like Fei’s strike did. It was more agile and sneakier.

Like lightning, the fist mark dashed into the sky.

In the next moment, an ear-piercing noise sounded. Then, a “red scar” appeared in the sky as if space was bleeding after being tore. This red scar didn’t disappear for a long time.

Fei’s mouth opened, and he couldn’t say anything.

This strike was the same as Fei’s; same technique, same power-level, and same fist mark. But in the hands of the mysterious warrior, the damage the strike dealt was three to four times more.

Also, the speed was faster than the sonic speed; the booming noises only sounded and the sparks only appeared after the fist mark had disappeared.

Fast!

Incredibly fast!

However, Fei saw a lot more than that.

“What did you see?” The mysterious man asked after he stared at Fei for a few moments.

“Control.”

“Huh?”

“Elder, almost everything you used was the same as mine; movement, technique, presence, and etc. However, the power is four-time over. It is because of the control of your power is beyond a sane level. The power of the strike can only be fully unleashed with the god-like granular control.” Fei slowly stated.

The mysterious man nodded.

“You are good.” He said.

After that, he flicked his index finger, and a green package flew at Fei. Fei grabbed it and realized that it was a book. Before he could see what the book was about, the mysterious man’s figure blurred, and he disappeared without a trace.



* * *





Chapter 284




Chapter 284

Chapter 284: Legendary Emperor (Part One)

The chilling night wind blew by, and it was sharp as knives.

The trees in the forests moved like tidal waves, and the roars of monsters sounded regularly…… The Fallen Forest in Moro Mountains was the heaven for all Demon Beasts in the night. It looked magnificent yet it had a ton of hidden dangers.

Fei shook his head.

The mysterious man left on his own will, and he was extremely fast. There was no way that someone can stop him. Fei actually still had a lot of questions he wanted to ask, but it looked like he had to wait for tomorrow.

Fei then looked down on the thin book in his hand; its texture felt very strange.

The book was very delicate. It was made from a light yellow fur of some unknown demon beasts, and it was smooth and soft. It was about a meter long and ten centimeters tall if it was fully opened, and it was folded vertically ten times. Actually, it shouldn’t be called a book; it was more like a very long pamphlet.

The long pamphlet was neatly folded together, and the title was sealed onto the cover page using a gold material –

[Warrior Power Condensation and Granular Control – Complete Training Methodology]

Fei’s eyes locked onto the title. This was the notes on power condensation and granular control…… From the look of the book, it was very valuable. “Did that mysterious warrior write this?” Fei thought.

Fei couldn’t wait to open it and read it.

At this moment, he suddenly saw a line of tiny fine prints under the

title. It was written using a dark ink. Perhaps due to time, it was blurry and hard to read. But after Fei tried his best, he read: “Presented by Elder Prince Yassin to the king of Zenit.”

After reading this, Fei was shocked.

It was a classified document of Zenit Empire.

What was more shocking was that it was written by Emperor Yassin! Judging from the title “Elder prince” and “King of Zenit” used in the sentence, this was from a long time ago.

To Fei’s knowledge, Zenit Empire was still an affiliated kingdom of Spartax Empire twenty years ago. The king of Zenit didn’t change into the Emperor of Zenit until the appearance of the elder prince of Zenit Yassin. Using his unparalleled individual strength, he defeated hundreds of kingdoms around Zenit and took a huge territory from Spartax Empire.

At that time, the level 3 Spartax Empire was hammered, and it almost collapsed. The remaining royal family alongside the loyalists of Spartax formed a new empire, and it was the level 1 Spartax Empire that everyone knew today.

This was the cause of the hatred between Zenit and Spartax.

They viewed each other as enemies.

For the last twenty years, the two empires had similar strength. Although there wasn’t a full-on war, the frictions and battles never stopped along the border. The goal of the two empires was to eliminate the other party; the old and new grudges and hatred had intensified to a degree that it would only disappear if one empire disappeared.

Elder prince Yassin from twenty years ago was the Emperor Yassin today.

Other than the identity of the

the emperor, Yassin’s cultivation path was also an unbelievable legend.

Prince Yassin was really average before his twenties. But after he reached his twenties, everything changed. His name was like the sun on a summer day; no one dared to look at it. It only took ten years for a little four-star warrior to grow into a Moon-Class Elite who defeated everyone in hundreds of kingdoms around Zenit. Until today, there were still traveling poets who recite Emperor Yassin’s stories.

In legends, Yassin was a talented genius warrior.

He started with little resources, but he was able to create numerous training techniques and combat techniques. The number one Secret Technique of the royal family [Dragon Fist] was created by him. It was heard that this technique was beyond the level of the star; it was a Moon-Class Technique. Except [Dragon Fist], a lot of the techniques in the empire were created by him. On top of the individual strength, his understanding of techniques and cultivations were very deep. When Yassin was at the peak of his time, he received a comment from the [Supreme Saint of Intelligence] of Azeroth.

“In the era, Yassin represents miracle and domination.”

“Any enemies would need to back off in front of Yassin’s blade.”

A man like Yassin was really on the peak of his time.

Many people believed that Yassin would be the first person in the region to advance to a Sun-Class Lord. However, Yassin had to focus on the administrative duties more after he established the emperor, and he didn’t progress in terms of cultivation like everyone expected. Instead, he got weaker, and his

and his fame slowly died down.

In the most recent sixteen years, Emperor Yassin hasn’t fought with anyone. Slowly, the young warriors forgot his identity as a warrior and just remembered him as an emperor.

Chapter 284: Legendary Emperor (Part Two)

Unexpectedly, the king warrior of all warriors who made his enemies back off was about to reach his end due to the hidden injuries and worsened illnesses. The time is merciless, and heroes ages as well!

Fei really didn’t expect this notes [Warrior Power Condensation and Granular Control – Complete Training Methodology] to be written by Emperor Yassin.

Although Fei who was from another universe didn’t completely understand the law of jungle here yet, he knew that notes like this would be a priceless treasure in the empire. Just like the secret techniques in the Wuxia Books, this notes would make the warriors fight and kill for it. Although the notes were written when Yassin was still a prince, it was just before the up-rise of him and was still significant and precious.

The mysterious warrior was able to get something that should be placed in a tightly guarded library in the Royal Palace? This information was enough to make people wonder.

Could it be that he was one of the masters who served the royal family?

Or……

Fei felt like things were getting weirder, and he got nowhere thinking about it. He shook his head and opened the notes. He concentrated on the small prints on the second page and read the notes carefully under the silver moonlight.

Soon, Fei was intrigued.

For two hours, Fei stood there with the notes like a statue and

a statue and wasn’t distracted by things around him. Only the wind fluttered his long black hair.

Fei’s strength was from Diablo World, and it has increased rapidly. Although the power from Diablo World was strong and varietal, most of the utilization techniques and experiences were from Fei’s combats with monsters and enemies; there weren’t complete systems nor theoretical backgrounds. Compared with master warriors on Azeroth Continent like Yassin, Fei lacked in terms of understanding of power and strength.

After reading the notes, it felt like eating a chilled watermelon on a hot summer day. There were many things that Fei didn’t understand before, now he knew what was going on. Although the night was still dark, Fei felt like his future was bright and clear!

“So that……”

Fei was really excited after he read the notes.

He admired Emperor Yassin who he had never met. By reading the notes, the ideas and the thinking processes of the young genius warrior vividly appeared in Fei’s head.

……

……

The next day; it was one day from the competition.

Fei returned to Chambord’s campsite before dawn and slept with his beautify fiancée in his arms. He got up when the sun came up. After he had breakfast and talked with the other leaders about the strategies that Chambord was going to use in the competition, he entered Diablo World and tried to level up. This time, the leveling-up speed was a lot slower since Fei tried to practice the techniques he learned from the notes. However, his control and utilization of his barbarian strength skyrocketed.

Four and half hours later, the barbarian character was level 51.



* * *





Chapter 285




Chapter 285

Chapter 285: North Battle Region No. 8 (Part One)

When Fei got out of Diablo World, it was already 2’o clock in the afternoon.

Since the competition that was of vital importance was the next day, people in the camp area were all busy. The 50 Sword Testing Stages would be the dance floor of the master warriors, and a lot of royal mages and craftsmen were fixing and bettering them under the protection of imperial soldiers. The setup of the magic arrays around the stages would help the stages endure the damaging forces of the warriors and protect the viewers.

The camp area was chaotic and noisy.

All of the affiliated kingdoms were doing their final preparations. According to the rules, the kingdoms were divided into five battle regions: East, West, South, North, and Central. There were two rounds.

First one was ranking matches.

In this round, every affiliated kingdom would send six of their most powerful warriors or mages to participate in six individual ranking matches. Also, fifty elite soldiers from each kingdom would participate in group ranking matches. The top ten masters from the individual ranking matches as well as the top ten kingdoms in the group ranking matches would get to meet with Emperor Yassin and receive heavy rewards. All of the points in this rounds would be added towards the Kingdom Ranking Matches.

The second round was challenge matches.

In this round, each affiliated kingdom could choose another kingdom to challenge. Normally, there weren’t limits. A kingdom could repeatedly challenge multiple opponents. But since these matches were deathmatches, a kingdom typically

can’t partake in two matches. The challenging kingdom had to challenge a kingdom who was of a higher level than them. If they win, they would get the level of the losing kingdom. This round was very cruel; many high-level kingdoms dropped in levels, and many low-level kingdoms that were unknown became high-up affiliated kingdoms.

After the two rounds of competition finished in all five regions, the most important competition would occur – Kingdom Ranking Matches.

The master warriors from the five regions would get to compete in a final competition for their regions.

The true king would step on the bones and blood of the corpses and become the number one warrior among all affiliated kingdom, and his or her kingdom of origin would get crowned as the number one affiliated kingdom.

Both of the titles represented endless glory. When Yassin was still a prince of Zenit Kingdom, he became the number one warrior among all affiliated kingdom in Spartax during a similar competition, and his kingdom got crowned as the number one affiliated kingdom. He was instantly famous, and he used this opportunity to raise up and break free from Spartax Empire. Since there was this history, the two titles represented even more things. Didn’t matter if it was the royal family or the affiliated kingdoms, they treated these titles very seriously.

Also, the king of the winning kingdom would be crowned as the Imperial Duke; it was almost equivalent to the identity of the royal family.

This reward was enough to get people to go crazy for it!

Except for the six affiliated

affiliated kingdoms that were eliminated in connection with the assassins, the 244 kingdoms were all trying to get the most reward from this competition.

In the afternoon, all of the kingdoms sent a representative to get their randomly generated number from the center of the camp area; a temporary administrative building had been set up.

Typically, the kings of the kingdoms would go there to get the number, but Fei wasn’t interested in it. Peter-Cech who was the chief commander of the Chambord Military got send there as the representative.

“North Battle Region No. 8?”

After an hour, Cech came back with the final result. Fei laughed and said that Cech was his lucky weapon.

Chapter 285: North Battle Region No. 8 (Part Two)

This was a good number.

Chambord was located in the most northern region of Zenit, and it was naturally categorized into the north battle region; there were 50 kingdoms in the northern region. As someone who was Chinese, he liked numbers such as “6” and “8” since they represented luck and wealth.

In the afternoon before the competition, a meeting of the leaders of Chambord took place; it was held by the king himself. The king praised the leaders and the soldiers for their huge increase in strength. He then rewarded the people who made extraordinary contributions and stated his goal for the competition. He also wished that the soldiers and the warriors of Chambord could especially focus on hard work, battles, and killing of the enemies……

At the end of the meeting, the roster for the individual ranking matches was determined, and a fifty-people

a fifty-people legion that comprised of Saint Seiyas and Bylaw Enforcement Officers was constructed.

After that, everyone prepared and got ready for the competition.

In the camp area, people shouted and the horses roared. The weapons were sharp and the flags were bright. The murderous spirit soared into the sky…….

……

……

The moon in the sky was silver.

Inside the battlefield in Moro Mountains.

A fist mark dashed through the air and into the dark night. After a series of sparks appeared, the loud and ear-piercing noise sounded.

“Nice.” The mysterious man lightly commented, but his lips twitched a little.

He didn’t expect the young king in front of him to grow so fast.

Fei’s fist mark surpassed sonic speed, and it created a red mark in the sky. The fist mark soon turned into a star in the sky…… This strike was identical to the one that the mysterious man used last night. The control of force was so good that the mysterious man thought he was one who punched out.

This was on the level of “granular control” that warriors had a hard time getting.

What was more terrifying was that the mysterious man sensed the increase in the king of Chambord’s strength again; the king was now at the peak of a mid-tier seven-star warrior. To the mysterious man, this king was more genius that all of the young warriors he had seen!

“What a monster!”

The mysterious man thought to himself.

He thought it would take a while for the king to comprehend the knowledge in the notes, but it looked like that some of his “teaching material” won’t be useful.

“Whoosh!”

The

won’t be useful.

“Whoosh!”

The mysterious man waved his hand and another green package dashed towards Fei. Then, he disappeared again.

“Come again tomorrow!” The emotionless voice sounded in Fei’s ears.

Although Fei’s strength had been increasing dramatically, he still couldn’t see how the man left; the man was just too powerful.

What Fei got was another delicate book; it felt the same as the notes he got last night. It was also made from a light yellow fur and was folded vertically in a neat fashion. The only difference was the title and the content –

[Warrior Energy Spiral Force Technique and Hidden Force Overlay Technique].

The fine print on it was the same; “Presented by Elder Prince Yassin to the king of Zenit.”

Fei thought about it and understood what the man meant.

Spiral Force Technique and Hidden Force Overlay Technique were advanced techniques. By overlaying force, it would increase the damage of strikes dramatically. However, these advanced techniques could only be achieved through granular control. That was the reason why the man gave him the notes yesterday.

This mysterious man was like a teacher who didn’t like to talk. He was pointing out a cultivation path for Fei.

Maybe he saw that Fei was strong but lacked the fundamentals. That was why he pressured Fei at first and made Fei realized what he was lacking.

“But why is this man so nice to me?”

Fei didn’t know the answer.

Although the king loved himself and thought of himself as charismatic and handsome, he knew that there weren’t unexplained hate and love. The mysterious man must have been planning something…….



* * *





Chapter 286




Chapter 286

Chapter 286: The Situation Is Different (Part One)

Spiral Force and Hidden Force Overlay needed even more granular control than what Fei learned last night. There was more knowledge to be acquired, and the techniques themselves required highly talented and powerful warriors. But since Fei learned the granular control from Emperor Yassin’s first notes, this one wasn’t too difficult to understand.

The night was long, and Fei was mesmerized by the notes. He was studying the notes on Spiral Force Techniques and Hidden Force Overlay Techniques as if he was a man who was dying of thirst in the desert and suddenly saw a clear lake.

Time passed by fast.

When the sun was almost up, Fei finally stopped learning about the new techniques. He started to use the magic arrays around the battlefield and the methods in the purple scroll to train his spiritual power.

When the sun finally came up, Fei completed his training for the night. This was the longest night training that he did. Before, Fei would return to the campsite of Chambord before dawn. But he was really in the zone today, and he couldn’t stop himself.

After he switched back to Assassin Mode, Fei dashed towards the camp area. Although the sun was ready up, Fei was still able to get through all the checkpoints undiscovered.

When he got back to Chambord’s campsite, people on the roster who would be competing today had put on their armors and got on their horses. They were all waiting for their king to command them; they were ready to go to the competition and win the supreme glory for the kingdom.

When Fei got dressed in the blue king robe, put on the golden crown that had a ruby in it, and grabbed the king scepter in his hand,

the entire campsite almost collapsed due to the shouts and cheers after Fei walked out of the tent.

Every soldier’s blood was boiling. They stared at and worshipped their invincible king; they felt the confidence as they looked at their king’s smile. They felt like their king was a god of war who was wearing the bright sun on his back. Every soldier swore with their soul –

“I’m willing to battle to the death for his majesty!”

“Hail His Majesty!”

“Hail the King!”

The bright and sharp weapons reflected the chilliness of the winter and the light of the sun, and murderous spirits flowed in the blood of the soldiers. What was standing by Fei’s side was an invincible legion in the making. They worshipped their young king, and they were afraid of nothing!

Their blade would be swung for the king!

Their blood would be spilled for the king!

Fei was moved by what he was seeing as well. He raised his king scepter into the air, and he said after all of the soldiers around him quieted down: “Victory!”

“Victory!” All of the soldiers repeated after him, and it was as loud as thunder.

“Glory represents my life!” Fei shouted as he jumped onto the back of [Black Tornado].

“Glory represents my life!” The soldiers grabbed the reins and raised their weapons.

“Move out!”

Fei commanded as [Black Tornado] roared and walked out of the campsite.

[Black Tornado]’s strange roar that was comparable to the roar of the dragon resonated in the camp area. All these days, [Black Tornado] had been consuming a lot of [Hulk Potion]. Under the potion, its body had been developing continuously. Now, the black dog was about three meters tall when it was on its all fours, and it looked magnificent. Its black fur had a blue light to it, and

and it ran like a tiger. From its appearance, it would be hard for people to associate it with a dog; [Black Tornado] was more like a demon beast.

Behind Fei, Pierce and Drogba held the flag with the two-headed dog as well as the ax and sword in the background.

Both strongmen were more than two meters tall, and their muscles were huge as well; they were like two small mountains. The level 4 Roaring Flame Beasts that they were riding on all had four clouds of fire-like magic elements around their hooves, and murderous spirits also flashed through their eyes regularly.

As trophies that were seized from the Chishui Kingdom, Angela cared a lot for them. After all of the nourishment, they finally returned to their natural state and lived up to their name – “vicious mounts”.

Level 4 demon beasts with demon beasts like strongmen on them; it was terrifying!

Behind the two men, there were Torres, Cech, Elena, and other warriors of Chambord. They were also riding level 4 Roaring Flame Beasts, and they protected a magic carriage that was being pulled by handsome horses. In it, there was Angela, Emma, and eight other pretty girls – the eight girls who Fei decided to protect. Actually, the eight girls had already gotten used to the life at Chambord’s campsite.

Behind them, there were fifty soldiers of Chambord who were ready.

They were also riding level 4 Roaring Flame Beasts. As they passed through the streets, the ferocious atmosphere made other people back off sub-consciously. It felt like there were fifty blood-thirsty monsters, and they were not humans; it was too pressing.

Chapter 286: The Situation Is Different (Part Two)

This was the formal team who was going to participate in the competition.

The former number one warrior of Chambord – Lampard was

Lampard was guarding the campsite with the rest of the soldiers and waiting for Chambord’s victory.

The team walked towards the field in the center of the camp area under the respectful stare of everyone.

“God, is this Chambord’s team? Powerful! Too Powerful!”

“Huh, I didn’t expect this! I didn’t expect Chambord to have so many master warriors and high-quality armors and equipment. Do you see their mounts? They are the legendary number one vicious mount – Roaring Flame Beasts! They are the best mounts for cavalries. They are fast and are able to carry a lot of weights. Also, they are able to attack on their own. They are the dream mounts, and a lot of noble knights couldn’t even get their hands on one……”

“Damn! I thought we only need to look out for the king of Chambord! I thought we had a chance! Damn, we are all wrong!”

“Hahaha, interesting! This year’s competition is interesting! Looks like the ten level 1 affiliated kingdoms have competition! Chambord could break through and disrupt the regular flow!”

“Not sure if Chambord could perform a miracle and become the winner of the Kingdom Ranking Matches.”

“That is not guaranteed. Maybe the king of Chambord has a chance on his own; he defeated Executive Knights and is powerful. But when it comes down to group matches, it would be hard to say. After all, the ten level 1 affiliated kingdoms have years of accumulations. They couldn’t be compared to a young force……”

“Hehe, just wait and see. Things aren’t that simple. The tall tree in a forest would be taken down by wind first. Chambord had been in the news lately for too much. They exposed a lot of their strength, and this is their weakness. Do they want to make things different? The old forces will

old forces will teach them a lesson!”

As the team from Chambord proceeded towards the central field, chatters and murmured got louder and louder.

……

……

In the central field in the camp area.

244 affiliated kingdoms and more than twenty thousand people including the kings, princes, and master warriors……

Numerous flags fluttered in the cold wind under the bright sun, and war horses created “white clouds” in front of them as they breathed heavily. All of Zenit’s elites were in the central field.

More than twenty thousand elite soldiers packed the central field in 244 formations of different sizes.

Although Fei got famous, Chambord was still a level 6 affiliated kingdom after all. Therefore, Chambord’s location was on the very edge, and people of Chambord could only vaguely see the central stage that was more than twenty meters tall and thousands of meters away.

The stage was made from hundred-year-old trees that were cut from Moro Mountains. It was truly magnificent.

The bottom floor of the stage was a square space with a hundred meters on each side. Then, there were eight more floors on top of the first floor with two sets of stairs on each side. According to the usual tradition, Emperor Yassin would appear on the highest floor of the stage. He would then inspect the elite soldiers of the kingdoms and make sacrifices to the gods with the help of the priests from Holy Church. The emperor would use a small saber and kill three white bulls that were three years old. The hearts of the bulls would be taken out, and the priests from the Holy Church would try to foresee the next three years of the empire.

This sacrifice procedure was a vital part of the competition, and it represented something important.

However, the situation was different this year.



* * *





Chapter 287




Chapter 287

Chapter 287: Emperor Yassin (Part One)

More than twenty thousand people had been waiting for about half an hour, and the emperor was nowhere to be seen.

However, both Arshavin and Dominguez who were the two candidates for the throne had appeared on the eight floor of the stage. They were both in golden armors, and their black capes fluttered in the wind. They looked down at all of the people as if they were gods, and the white bulls had been moved to the top floor of the stage……

Everyone was waiting.

Fei was bored on the back of [Black Tornado] and glanced at other kingdoms.

Out of the 244 affiliated kingdoms now Zenit had, there were six levels. Like a pyramid, there were ten level 1 affiliated kingdoms, twenty level 2 affiliated kingdoms, thirty level 3 affiliated kingdom, forty level 4 affiliated kingdoms, sixty level 5 affiliated kingdoms, and eighty-four level 6 affiliated kingdoms.

Most of the kingdoms were weak, and the positions and number of soldiers in each of the kingdoms’ formations were different.

Some of the kingdoms had more than two hundred soldiers, and these soldiers had great armors and equipment. There were also the kingdoms that had less than a hundred people who had only leather armors. There were also the kingdoms where there were less than fifty people including the grooms and servants, and these soldiers weren’t all equipped with proper metal weapons; some of them used simple bows and arrows and wooden spears. These kingdoms were even worse off than where Chambord was. Some of these kings couldn’t even afford a complete set of metal armor, and they were wearing clothes made from furs like savages. However, these people were muscular, and their wilderness and viciously couldn’t be ignored.

Comparatively, Chambord’s setup was no different from the ten level 1 affiliated kingdoms; high-quality items, level 4 Roaring Flame Beasts……

When Fei was observing others, others were

observing Chambord as well.

Some of the stares were filled with envy, jealousy, flatter, hatred, hostility, intimacy, fear, etc…… Every emotion could be found.

As Fei got really impatient, several dashes of light appeared in the sky. A god-like presence appeared and moved towards the central field.

Everyone was excited and looked in the direction. There were four royal mages who were burning their magic energies to floating in the air, and there was a huge sun-like bright object behind them. They all flew towards the stage.

Fei took another look and realized that the sun-like object was actually a mountain-like Dragon-shaped Beast. With its wings open, it flew in the air like a bird. But as it roared infrequently, sound waves would come out of its mouth and destroy the clouds.

Half-Dragon Beast!

It was actually a Half-Dragon Beast!

It was a beast that was rumored to have the bloodline of dragons, and this species was definitely the king of the sky; they were the perfect invincible sky mount.

Fei was shocked!

The scene he was witnessing was unreal.

In the movies in his previous life, in the books in the royal library at Chambord, in the stories of traveling poets, Fei had heard and seen the legends of the dragons. But when a mountain-like dragon beast appeared right in front of you, that shock would take a while to settle in.

This wasn’t related to strength; only the visual and body size of the dragon beast was enough to destroy someone’s optical nerves. It was like an ant seeing an elephant for the first time.

There was a huge mysterious golden throne on the back of this dragon beast, and the beast was flying really smoothly. With the help of the royal mages, it slowly and steadily stabilized itself beside the ninth-floor of the stage.

As the dragon beast flew by, the entire field was filled with fear and respect. Some of the war horses were

were so scared that they collapsed onto the ground as white foam floated out of their mouths.

Then, the dragon beast turned around softly.

Like a feather, the throne lightly fell onto the ninth-floor of the stage.

Boom! At the same time, the four royal mages slowly landed on the seventh-floor of the stage as the vast ocean-like sea of magic elements stayed with them. They were just one floor below the two princes.

The four mages each stood in one direction, and they glanced around the crowd down on the field carefully. They tightly held the white magic wands in their hands as they emitted a terrifying amount of magic elements into the magic arrays that were engraved into the stage. After a light buzz, a layer of invisible sphere appeared and tightly protected the stage.

Chapter 287: Emperor Yassin (Part Two)

Looking from afar, Fei was able to clearly see the six golden stars on the chest of these mages; Fei’s eyes were great.

This represented six-star mage.

All four of the royal mages were six-star mages.

Fei curled his lips.

An empire was an empire. Fei didn’t expect to see four six-star mages today.

But after thinking back to the six-star magic arrays around the battlefield in Moro Mountains, the appearance of the four six-star mages was no longer shocking. After all, there were probably a lot of high-level mages serving the royal family of Zenit.

Actually, Fei suspected that there were more hidden powers of Zenit than what was being shown on the surface. He believed that there must be more terrifying masters who were still hiding in the tightly guarded royal palace.

Soon, Fei’s eyes went back to the golden throne that was on the ninth floor of the stage.

After paying closer attention to the throne, Fei realized that it was made from an unknown material that was probably also very precious. The image of a flying half-dragon beast was vividly engraved onto the

onto the throne, and it looked very similar to the dragon beast that was circling above the stage. The head of the dragon was very majestic, and its neck was long and slender. Under the sharp horns, the huge mouth revealed multiple lines of teeth as the fire was being spurted out of it. There was a layer of thin yet rough scales on its body, and it was carrying a huge throne on its back that was about two meters tall.

Everyone knew that there was only one person who was qualified to sit on the throne.

Emperor Yassin.

After reading the notes that were written by Yassin when he was young, Fei was very curious about this legendary emperor. He really wanted to see this talented man closer.

But at this moment, streams of red energy came off of the throne, and it blocked everything like a cloud of fire. No one was able to see through this red energy, including Fei who was now a mid-tier seven-star warrior and tried to focus through the energy.

Why?

Fei was really confused as he frowned.

According to the notes in Chambord’s Library, Emperor Yassin would arrive on time in all of the previous competitions, and he never hid his appearance. This handsome and up straight emperor would stand on the stage and inspect all of the elite soldiers who would follow his command.

Also, according to the notes in Chambord’s Library, Emperor Yassin was really heroic and charismatic. Just looking from afar, one would feel like listening to him and following his orders.

But why would the emperor try to hide his face this time?

Could it be that the emperor was really on the edge of death? He didn’t want his subjects to see him in such a weak form?

Although Fei was quite far away from the stage, he could still sense the power level of everyone on that stage.

Under the seventh floor, there were

floor, there were more than twenty guards whose power level ranged from three-star to five-star. On the seventh floor, there were the four royal mages; their power sensations were as bright as a fire in a dark night. On the eighth floor, Elder Prince Arshavin’s six-star warrior energy could also be clearly sensed. He had a light military murderous intent in his energy that made him appear more ferocious than the royal mages. Beside him, the second prince Dominguez was wearing a magic armor that increased his strength, and he could barely keep his strength on the four-star level. Although he lacked strength compared with Arshavin, the god gave him a beautiful face. Even if he was standing in a dark night, his handsome face would lit up the surroundings like a star. Perfect figure, luxurious armor, handsome face…… Even though he was weaker than Arshavin, he easily attracted a ton of attention.

Fei was able to sense these people’s strength.

However, he couldn’t sense the strength of that figure who was on the throne and in the field of red energy. It felt like there was something that was blocking Fei’s sensory in that region.

“Moo……” The three white bulls released proud and comfortable mooing sounds.

These bulls were being treated like kings and fed properly by the royal family. There were many servants who washed them daily, the bulls slept on the softest blankets and drank the purest water. For their whole lives, they had been waiting for this day; their hearts would be used to predict what was going to happen to the empire in the next three years. However, since the bulls got used to the luxurious lifestyles, they didn’t know about the ending of their lives. They laid on the ninth-floor of the stage and looked down at more than twenty thousand soldiers like the ruler of the empire; they weren’t scared at all.



* * *





Chapter 288




Chapter 288

Chapter 288: First Battle of Chambord (Part One)

The chilly wind of the winter roared, and it pulled on thousands of long flags in the air. These long flags were like dragons that were about to break free and fly away.

The arrival of Emperor Yassin didn’t mean that the sacrificial ceremony would start right away.

The bishop of the branch of Holy Church in Zenit wasn’t there yet.

This ceremony felt very strange from the beginning.

From the tradition, the bishop should have arrived before the emperor to show respect and good faith. After all, although the Holy Church was overbearing on the continent, they were really rigid in terms of keeping the traditions and etiquettes. However, the bishop had broken this unspoken rule today unexpectedly by not showing up on time.

The silence of the long wait was unbearable.

The chilling winter made some of the weaker warriors shiver in the cold.

“Start!”

As everyone thought that the wait was going to continue, a light voice sounded from the ninth-floor of the stage.

The voice sounded majestic and unyielding. Although it was full of power, Fei could feel the tiredness and loneliness. Also, there was a slight aging tone in the voice, and that made Fei a little sad.

Whoosh!

A fist mark dashed out of the throne as the emperor said that.

The white bulls that were lying on the white blankets comfortably were cut in half. They didn’t get the chance to scream, and none of the blood was spilled. The hearts were also cut in half; although heat came off of them as they continued to pump, they soon froze!

“Rest of …… you two can take care of it.” The voice sounded again on the throne.

“Yes, as you wish!” The two princes on the eighth-floor of the stage kneeled down and replied.

In the next moment, the golden throne suddenly soared

into the sky.

The dragon beast that was flying in the sky sensed it and dashed down. An intense pressure came down from the sky, and the dragon beast perfectly caught the throne. Then, the four six-star royal mages flew up and guarded the beast as well as the emperor. Just like how they came, they left in the same manner. Like dashes of light, they soon disappeared into the Royal Palace that was far inside St. Petersburg.

Emperor Yassin left like that?

No one expected this.

This was something that had never happened before!

A ton of chatters and murmured sounded among the formations of soldiers. However, they soon disappeared.

The reason was that the two princes had already started to proceed with the rest of the sacrificial ceremony and the competition.

Fei, on the other hand, lost all interests in continue watching. He was completely focused on the image of Emperor Yassin. What did the invincible emperor who dominated the empires around Zenit look like now?

From all of the strange things that had happened, it seemed like the emperor was really in a bad condition. He stayed less than ten minutes. Perhaps his body wasn’t able to take it, and he had to leave quickly to rest.

Fei was more powerful than the people around him, and he vaguely heard a few light coughs followed by a series of light fast-breathings.

That sounded like a patient who was struggling to stay alive.

Was the pillar of the empire going to collapse?

……

……

After three hours, the sacrificial ceremony finished under the hosting of the two princes. The first round of ranking matches was going to take place in the afternoon.

There were fifty Sword Testing Stages, and there were five regions. Each of the battle regions received ten stages.

The first round of the matches was going to take place soon.

Chambord got its first opponent

opponent in a randomized draw – the Gude Kingdom who had the number of 42.

The Gude Kingdom was also located in the northern region of Zenit; it was a level 3 affiliated kingdom. Since the two kingdoms weren’t adjacent to each other, there weren’t any relationships between them. This Gude Kingdom was a top-tier level 3 affiliated kingdom. Its prince Drenthe was one of the [Seven Wolves] named [Black Wolf]. He had a good individual strength, and the power level of the kingdom was good as well with three hundred elite soldiers.

Many people thought that the Gude Kingdom had a chance to advance to a level 2 affiliated kingdom in this competition; no one expected them to face Chambord so early on. Now, their outlook wasn’t as bright.

Chapter 288: First Battle of Chambord (Part Two)

Sword Testing Stage No.44.

Numerous people surrounding the stage. Popular stages where kingdoms such as Chambord would fight on were all crowded. Except for the two resting areas of the two kingdoms as well as a VIP viewing area, everywhere else was packed. All of the crowd were looking up and waiting for the individual ranking matches between Chambord and Gude.

“Hehe, I think this Gude Kingdom can just surrender after seeing the king of Chambord. As long as they save their strength, they might have a better chance of going through the losers’ bracket and getting a good ranking. If they fight with Chambord, they would lose and suffer casualties.”

“Eh, from the look of it, surrendering is the best alternative. Facing a tough opponent like Chambord, no one would laugh at them for doing so.”

“Huh? Someone got on the stage…… Look, Gude sent someone up……”

“They chose to battle Chambord? Could it be that they have some trump cards as well?”

Most of the people in the crowd were here to witness the

witness the battles. Some of them were warriors who wanted to see the fights between master warriors and better themselves, some of them were mercenaries, and some of them were scouts from other kingdoms…… merchants who wanted to sell stuff, gamblers who wanted to win bets, traveling poets who wanted inspirations for their stories…… there were all kinds of people.

There were people who thought that the Gude Kingdom would surrender, but they were surprised by the first warrior from the Gude Kingdom who jumped onto the stage from the resting area. The crowd started to chatter.

The first Gude Warrior was a tough-looking bearded man who was bulky and wearing a black chain armor. He was also wearing a bone helmet and held a pair of huge clubs with iron spikes on them.

After he jumped onto the stage, he swung his clubs and created a series of terrifying air-piercing noise.

Boom! He smashed his clubs against the floor of the stage, and sparks appeared and loud noises sounded. This ignited the excitement of the crowd. The crowd cheered on as the man patted his chest, showed off his muscular body, and provoked at Chambord.

“Provocation? Who is going to take care of him for us?” Fei sat on the tallest stone throne in the resting area as he asked.

“Your majesty, let me go!” Fatty Oleg grinned. He walked up and volunteered as his fat wiggled on his body.

“Let me go instead. I will go first!” Other master warriors of Chambord stood up and all wanted to go.

Finally, Fei’s eyes landed on Peter-Cech.

The strength of this commander couldn’t be ignored. However, this general had been working hard and taking care of everything at the military. That was the reason why the king could live such a chaos-free life.

The commander didn’t get the chance to show off his power all

his power all this time. On Azeroth Continent, it would be hard for a commander to control a force if he or she couldn’t convince his or her subordinates using his or her strength.

Fei decided to give this opportunity to this low-key commander.

“Remember! Be clean, but don’t kill.” Fei reminded the commander; he didn’t want to create a lot of new enemies from this competition.

“Glory represents my life!” Cech understood Fei’s intent for letting him go first. He kneeled down to thank the king, and then he stood up and appeared on the 44th Sword Testing Stage.

Such a fast moving technique!

All of the cheerings for the warrior of Gude paused. This simple way that Cech used to get onto the stage showed the crowd what he was capable of. The crowd knew that Chambord also sent a powerful warrior.

In the same time, the warrior from Gude who was showing off and provoking stopped as well; he observed Cech with his vicious eyes.

“Battle! Battle! Battle! Battle! Battle! Battle! Battle!!!”

The crowd started to cheer again. Everyone was shouting with their hands in the air, and they were waiting for hyped battles to occur. The fight between these two master warriors was about to occur! A light blue sphere covered the stage; it meant that the protective magic array around the stage got activated! The battle began!

“Haha, take this! Tiny Chambordian!”

A light yellow warrior energy flame appeared on this bearded Gude warrior. This warrior had an earth-elemental warrior energy, and it represented a ton of defense as well as strength. This man with the black chain armor charged at Cech ferociously like a demon beast.

Woooooo!

Two huge clubs that were about six to seven hundred pounds each smashed down at Cech’s head viciously one after another. They were being swung so fast that they looked like two dark clouds.



* * *





Chapter 289




Chapter 289

Chapter 289: Piece of Cake (Part One)

Although the wind created by this ferocious strike moved Cech’s hair, Cech was really calm; no emotion could be read from his face.

Woooo! As the strike came closer, some of the audience closed their eyes; they had already foreseen the bloody scene where Cech’s head exploded. The spiked clubs were going to hit Cech’s head; the two clubs were about a centimeter away.

At this moment –

Crack! Crack! Crack! Crack!

A series of light crackling noises sounded

The battle turned around in this split second.

Everything seemed to be frozen at this moment on the Sword Testing Stage.

The tough Gude Warrior who was charging at Cech like a beast suddenly paused completely. The two clubs that were swung at Cech also froze in mid-air.

The two clubs couldn’t move forward anymore.

What was stopping them were two fingers.

Two fingers that weren’t thick.

Peter-Cech who was calm raised his arms and pointed out his fingers. The two fingers pressed against the tip of the clubs and eliminated this strike from this vicious Gude Warrior.

Actually, it did not just eliminate the strike.

It actually defeated the Gude warrior.

Soon, the audiences’ mouths opened wide as they witnessed something unbelievable.

A crack slowly appeared on the two clubs where Cech’s fingers were at. Like spider webs, the cracks enlarged in the same pattern. Gradually, this pair of clubs that were made from top-quality iron got turned into a pile of iron dust.

“Si……”

The bearded warrior from the Gude Kingdom gasped as he looked at the handles in his hand. His face paled as if he saw a ghost, and his legs started to shake out of fear.

Breaking two clubs made from top-quality iron using two fingers signified the different in the power levels between them. The warrior from Gude knew that he would be dead if his opponent wanted to.

“You lost.” Cech pulled back his fingers

as he said: “I don’t want to kill anyone. Jump off of the stage!”

“I……” The bearded warrior wanted to say something, but all of his courage disappeared as he looked at the iron dust on the ground. He paused and jumped off of the stage.

“Winner of this individual ranking match is Peter-Cech from Chambord!”

The judge announced the result loud and clear using the special magic array on the stage that could project his voice. Everyone heard that.

“Cech! Cech! Peter-Cech!!!”

No one expected such a fantastic battle early on. Although there weren’t explosive warrior energies, chipped flooring, and flying dust, Cech who was in a light leather armor and easily destroyed the iron clubs shocked the audiences.

This shock was far stronger than the shock that any other kinds of fancy fights could bring. The judge’s announcement woke up the people who were shocked and dumbfounded, and these people in the audiences started to cheer Cech’s name. The scene was really moving.

On the Sword Testing Stage, Cech completely demonstrated the presence and the style of a warrior and a commander. His leather armor was bright under the sun, and his cape fluttered in the wind as well as his long hair.

Fei who was sitting in the resting area laughed and clapped his hands.

The fifty soldiers from Chambord were also excited. They knocked their weapons against their iron shields to make a lot of metal-colliding noises; they were doing what they could to cheer on their commander.

This was the first time that these soldiers saw Cech battle.

They didn’t expect their commander who was low-key and rarely engaged in fights to be so powerful; they thought that Cech was weaker than Pierce, Drogba, Torres, and others leaders. After seeing their silent commander standing on the stage in such a cool fashion, all of the soldiers felt like their blood was boiling.

Chapter 289: Piece of

of Cake (Part Two)

“Another master warrior from Chambord?”

“Peter-Cech? Why haven’t we heard of this man before? It felt like he didn’t even use warrior energy, and he was able to shatter the iron clubs. From the look of it, this man can easily become one of the top ten warriors in the northern battle region!”

“Such power…… Eh, he is probably a five-star warrior.”

“Eh, a nice warrior. Look into it and see if we can get him on our side!”

A lot of people who were sitting in the VIP area were shocked upon seeing this. In the chattering and cheering, some of the influential figures had already planned to recruit Cech.

Actually, this military competition was also a chance for the noble families and major forces in St, Petersburg to recruit powerful warrior and mages. Many forces would try to use methods such as money or threats to get these people into their party.

Although these actions were hidden, they were implied to be acceptable since the higher-ups in the empire didn’t stop them. Many people referred to this as a “harvest”. There was a three-year gap in between each of the competition. The major forces would wait for these potential warriors and mages to grow, and they would be “harvested” when they were ready every three years.

The cause of this was very complicated.

The empire didn’t have 100% trust in the affiliated kingdoms. After all, incidents where affiliated kingdoms that were strong overthrowing the empires they were in happened all the time. Even Zenit was founded after betraying Spartax Empire. By “harvesting”, it would allow the empire to get stronger while decreasing the strength of the affiliated kingdoms. This was one of the ways where the empire controlled the tempo of everything.

Also, the “harvest” wasn’t 100% successful all the time.

Normally on Azeroth Continent, a warrior who swore to stay loyal to a king

a king would never change his or her master.

This was one of the ancient beliefs and honors of warriors and mages.

However, on the Azeroth Continent that was ruled by the law of jungle, some people chose to be loyal while others chose money and status. There were also times where kings would end their relationship with their loyal warriors and mages just to hand them over to the forces and nobles families in St. Petersburg. They were often encouraged and threatened by the empire.

These types of incidents happened too many times.

The fact that the king of Chambord soared into popularity brought a lot of attention to Chambord. Although the Chambordians jumped in strength, they were also seen as delicious meats. People who were capable all wanted to eat these meats and absorb the power.

These people were like patient yet vicious wolves; they were all waiting for the perfect opportunity.

Now, the opportunity was here.

They would identify each of the master warriors of Chambord, and they would then lure them in or threaten them in private.

No one believed that Chambord was unified as a whole. They believed that the warriors from remote regions where resources were scarce would definitely be moved by money and status.

The “fruits” were ripe, and it was about time for the “harvest”.

……

In the next five battles, the warriors of Chambord took care of their opponents so fast that it looked like they were eating pieces of cake.

Pierce, Drogba, Torres, Oleg, and Inzagi each appeared on the stage and won.

Among all opponents, the prince of the Gude Kingdom who had the title of [Black Wolf] and was a character in the [Seven Wolves] lasted the longest. He battled with Torres for more than twenty minutes, but he was still no match for the arrows that shoot out of Torres’ bow. His left shoulder got pierced, and he lost most of

lost most of his combat abilities; he had to surrender by jumping off of the stage.

All six individual ranking battles were great shows.

The power the Chambord warriors showcased did shock all of the audiences around the No. 44 Sword Testing Stage.

Pierce and Drogba’s viciousness and power, Oleg’s insane defense and strange technique, Torres’ agility and god-tier archery skills, and thin boy Inzagi’s chilling assassination skills……

Each of the Chambord warriors demonstrated a new battle style. A lot of the audiences were happy that they chose to watch this stage rather than others.

Some of the more talkative traveling poets already gave cool nicknames to the six warriors, and these names were passed around before the matches were over……

“[White Haired Fast Sword] Paul-Pierce. He is a cold-blooded swordsman under the king of Chambord. He is tough as a bull, and his sword is faster than lightning…… God, no one can see the path of his sword. If you feel a wind passing through you, that means you are dead……”

“[Black Haired Vicious Fist] Didier-Drogba. He is a tough warrior under the king of the North – Alexander. He is stronger than a beast, and his fists can crush anything. Poor souls, don’t trigger this warrior. His fists will destroy you……”

“[Desperation Creator] Fatty Oleg. He is a huge monster of war. Even dragons would feel a desperation in front of him. His body can defend again all attacks, and his fists can tear the land. If you stand against him, your desperation would be as deep as an abyss.

“[Destructive Fingers] Peter-Cech. His fingers can crush metals as well as everything in front of him……”

“[Son of Wind] Fernando-Torres. His arrows are faster than wind, and his grace figure is cooler than wind……”

“[Deadly Assassin of Shadow] Philip-Inzagi. His enemies would pray to not encounter him. When you see him, his dagger would have already pierced your heart……”



* * *





Chapter 290




Chapter 290

Chapter 290: Situations at the Five Battle Regions (Part One)

The next rounds of team matches were easy as well.

On the No. 44 Sword Testing Stage, the fifty Saint Seiyas from Chambord charged four times, and they rushed the soldiers from the Gude Kingdom off of the stage and won the four rounds of battles.

When they charged, when the fifty Saint Seiyas changed from casual positions into a real formation and charged at the soldiers of Gude, they were like heavy cavalries. Although the heavy and huge black iron shields looked light in the hands of the Saint Seiyas, the soldiers who got hit by them felt like they were hit by hammers that were more than tens of thousands of pounds. The soldiers of Gude got knocked off of the stage like dummies……

Chambord VS Gude, Chambord won all ten battles.

The judge’s voice was clearly heard by all the audiences through the voice-amplifying magic array. It represented the end of Chambord’s first round of battles.

This result was within everyone’s expectation.

However, the people who saw all the battles were still shocked by what Chambord was capable of. The king of Chambord who dominated the Executive Knights didn’t even show himself and his warriors were able to destroy the Gude Kingdom who was a top-tier level 3 affiliated kingdom.

Six individual matches and four team matches only took less than one hour! It was lightning fast!

When the Chambordians left the resting area and went back to their campsite, cheers soared into the sky behind them like a tornado.

“We did all we can. They have observed Chambord’s strength. Whatever is going to happen next is irrelevant to us……” The old king of Gude shook his head as he sighed. He patted the

elder prince’s shoulder and continued with a relieved expression on his serious-looking face: “It is unfortunate and somewhat fortunate for us to meet Chambord in the first round. Chambordians aren’t as murderous as they were rumored to be. We didn’t suffer any casualties, and we still have hope via the losers’ bracket!”

[Black Wolf] nodded.

The old king was right. Chambord wasn’t a kingdom that Gude could defeat.

After recalling how powerful and destructive the storm-like arrows that the blonde young man shot out were, he relived the feeling of being breathtaking; it was pure domination. The prince here was a notable warrior among the affiliated kingdoms, but he was powerfulness in front of the no-name warrior of Chambord. If his opponent wanted to, he would be dead by now!

“Use your own power to deal with the king of Chambord! Our Gude won’t be used by you as a tool next time!”

……

……

After five hours.

The first day of the competition was over before the sunset.

Chambord defeated its opponent and moved onto the next round. The kingdom would be battling with the twenty-four other kingdoms in the northern region who won today tomorrow. After the top ten masters and the limited winning kingdoms of the region were set, the Kingdom Ranking Matches would begin.

In the one hundred and twenty matches today, a lot of master warriors and mages had appeared.

Even though Chambord used less than one hour to finish the battles, it wasn’t the fastest.

In the northern battle region, the opponents of level 1 affiliated kingdoms Meixi and Cather, as well as the level 2 affiliated kingdoms Sens and Zeno, all decided to surrender; they knew that they had no chance, and they could still compete in the losers’ bracket. Therefore, the four

four kingdoms who were the traditional winners all moved on without a fight.

If what happened in the northern battle region was within expectation as the stronger kingdoms won, the other four battle regions had some surprises.

Southern battle region.

Level 6 affiliated kingdom Byzantine defeated level 3 affiliated kingdom Kejin. Byzantine won three out of the six individual matches as well as three out of four team matches. With a record of six to four, they moved onto the next round. The young king Constantine used his unique technique of [Seven Injure Fist] and defeated the prince of Kejin, [Mad Wolf]. The [Seven Injure Fist] was powerful and destructive. Many masters believed that Constantine had a chance of becoming one of the top ten masters in the southern battle region if he performed well!

Chapter 290: Situations at the Five Battle Regions (Part Two)

Eastern battle region.

The Gudong Kingdom that was laughed by others for being to barbaric surprised a lot of people. In their tribes, two genius warriors Huerk and Kanort appeared, and these two warriors used two wooden sticks and defeated six master warriors from the Jiapeng Kingdom. After that, they led thirty barbarian soldiers, defeated the troops of Jiapeng Kingdom four times, and advanced to the next round.

These two barbarian warriors were simple yet brutal. They were so physically strong that no one could take one strike from them. Even the four-star warriors of Jiapeng Kingdom couldn’t last a second……

The Gudong Kingdom was deemed as the dark horse of the eastern battle region.

The two warriors were also deemed as the top warriors of their generation.

Western battle region.

The level 1 affiliated Maze Kingdom that the super warrior [One Sword] was in wasn’t that lucky. In the first round, they encountered another level

another level 1 affiliated kingdom, Deck Kingdom. The battles between the two kingdoms were ferocious. Although the Maze Kingdom ended up winning, [One Sword] didn’t appear in the matches. That made a lot of [One Sword]’s fans who were waiting to see the warrior’s skills disappointed.

However, this also made a lot of people wonder how powerful [One Sword] really was.

Many elder warriors believed that [One Sword] was the only person who was able to compete with the king of Chambord for that number one warrior title.

Central battle region.

The central battle region had six out of the ten level 1 affiliated kingdoms, and the number of level 2 and level 3 affiliated kingdoms were a lot higher as well compared with other regions. The battles here were the most vicious, and the first day for kingdoms in this region was more competitive than the other four regions.

The four level 1 affiliated kingdoms advanced with no major hiccups, and there weren’t any dark horses. The only surprise came from the level 4 affiliated kingdom Ghana defeating a level 2 affiliated kingdom and advancing.

……

After the first day of competition, the camp area got very noisy.

The empire had stopped the curfew and the complete military control of the camp area. A lot of small merchants, homeless warriors, mercenary groups, prostitutes, blacksmiths, potion makers, fallen mages, broke noblemen, slave traders, and various other people filled the camp area.

In a short time, the number of people in the camp area doubled.

If someone looked down at the camp area from the top of Moro Mountains, they would see the entire area lit up by campfires and torches. These light sources were like bright stars.

After a day of battles, some people were happy and some people were sad.

The

people were sad.

The warriors who were tense throughout the day were finally able to sit down in front of campfires, eat roasted meat, and drink delicious wine. The rough and wild warriors’ shouts and women’s giggles mixed together, and some primitive sensation dispersed in the air.

Drunken fights happened all the time, and some of the drunken warriors sleep directly by the campfire.

All sorts of events were happening.

These warriors might lose their lives the next day; it was the destiny of warriors. Dancing between blades, their endings were strikingly similar; most of them died on battlegrounds or in gladiator rings. Therefore, some people went all out on alcohols and women, and some people training and meditated to gain a better chance at survival the next day.

In Chambord’s campsite.

Chambordians were also celebrating their victory. The party was at its climax, and the best food and wines were being enjoyed. People’s laughers and chatters resonated in the area.

The yellow light from the fire lit up the smiles even more, and the light highlighted the strong and muscular bodies of the warriors who were unarmoured.

Also, the two campfires that were more than ten meters high emphasized the women who were dancing around them.

Outside of Chambord’s campsite, many people were looking at Chambordians’ party in jealousy and envy.

Most of these stares were on the women who were dancing seductively.

Those women were thin, their waists were slender, and their skins were smooth as silk. Compared with those hot women, the prostitutes who were wearing rough clothes and cheap perfumes in the camp area were ugly as ever in people’s eyes.

Those women were the most expensive prostitutes from St. Petersburg.

After the matches today, the king of Chambord invited them to the campsite of Chambord using his connections.



* * *





Chapter 291




Chapter 291

Chapter 291: Mysterious and Beautiful Woman (Part One)

The king of Chambord wasn’t the only one who did this within the 244 affiliated kingdoms.

Helping the soldiers to find women was a method that many kings believed to be the most effective in terms of relieving stress and raising morale.

On Azeroth Continent, satisfying the soldiers was one of the ancient traditions. Many powerful empires would have a number of so-called “Comfort Women” in the military. These women were there either voluntarily or being forced. Some of them were from poor households, some of them were from big families that had collapsed, and some of them were slaves of wars. The military would compensate them in little amounts for letting the soldiers and low-level officials venting off their stress.

Even though this was a tradition, a lot of people in the camp area were shocked by the king of Chambord’s generosity.

The women in the campsite of Chambord were from a place called “Golden Cave”. The king of Chambord had spent hundreds of thousands of gold coins to invite them here. It was heard that these women would stay at Chambord’s campsite until the competition was over. Before that, they would be comforting the soldiers of Chambord who were in a state of high-stress.

After seeing this, even the princes of various affiliated kingdoms wanted to become a part of Chambord to indulge themselves in these seductive women.

The “Golden Cave” in St. Petersburg was a place that many men wanted to visit, but most of them weren’t qualified and rich enough to enter.

……

In Chambord’s campsite.

After one dance was over, the drummer changed the music.

The passionate women started to invite the soldiers who were sitting on the side clapping to dance with them.

Faced with the invitation, the northern

men who were from the remote region were a little shy. After the encouragement from everyone, a few brave Bylaw Enforcement Officers got up and participated in the dances with a blush on their faces.

Faced with the beautiful, nicely-dressed, and sweet-scented women, the brave men of Chambord who weren’t afraid of charging into enemies were “timid”. Even Pierce and Drogba who were bold were a little stiff when they were dancing.

Fei who was half-lying on the central stone throne tried his best to hold back his prankster-like smile after seeing this.

This idea wasn’t Fei’s.

The first person who made this recommendation was the old man Zolasc; he was the person who had the most experience with everything.

When Fei first heard it, he was shocked. “Wouldn’t I be like a pimp?” He thought.

After Zolasc explained the “honor” tradition of Azeroth Continent to Fei, Fei really thought about it. With the medical knowledge he got from his previous life, he was afraid that the soldiers of Chambord might get STDs if they couldn’t hold back and went for the cheap prostitutes in the camp area; there would be more issues associated with that. Also, if he ordered the soldiers from stop engaging in such activity, it would be too “cruel” for his men.

After some thoughts, Fei decided to go all in and invited a lot of women from the “Golden Cave” by using a lot of money and the connection with Manager Redknapp of Soros’ Merchant Group. He decided to take care of this issue once-for-all.

“Our men can defeat the strongest enemies, and they can also enjoy the most expensive women.

When Redknapp first heard the request, he was stunned for a while. Afterward, he had to double confirm with Fei about his requests before it

it was taken care of.

The crackling noises of the fire were loud, and the party was at its climax. Gradually, the northern men got comfortable with some help from the alcohol, and the atmosphere was lively as it was filled with laughter.

Fei was smiling like a kid as he watched.

At this moment, he felt like he wasn’t a king who enjoyed the nobles status in the empire, but rather an old folk who liked to gossip with neighbors.

Angela was wearing the furry coat made from the fur of the blue fox, and she was sitting next to Fei quietly.

The big coat fitted her well. It didn’t look fat; rather, it contrasted with the long and white neck of the girl. The sweet smile on the girl’s beautiful white face was mesmerizing in the light of the campfire.

The future queen was picking out fruits from the basket in from of her and feeding them into Fei’s mouth.

Chapter 291: Mysterious and Beautiful Woman (Part Two)

Originally, a lot of women from the “Golden Cave” wanted to seduce the king who was rich and handsome. If they were liked by this king who just got really famous, their fate as prostitutes would change forever. But after they saw the girl who was so beautiful that it was breath-taking, they all gave up on the idea of inviting the king to a dance.

Behind a wooden table on the right-hand-side of the king, there was a girl who had long curly brown hair; her hair looked smooth and soft. The girl was mysterious as the lower half of her face was covered with a white veil that was decorated with golden strands. Her eyes were bright as stars in the night, her hairpin had red, green, and blue gems

blue gems on it, and there was a golden butterfly badge on her silver silk crown……

This girl’s presence had mystery written all over it.

There were four warriors in shiny armors standing behind her. The Milan Armors were made from steel, and their helmets covered most of their faces. Their eyes that were behind the T-shaped nose guards seemed chilling. It was obvious that these men were powerful.

They were the guards of this girl.

When Fei first met the girl, he thought she was a noble lady. It wasn’t just because of the way she dressed; her presence was also on-par with all kinds of noble lady Fei had met. Although her face was veiled, people who met her all felt like she was a beauty.

However, after Redknapp introduced Fei to her, Fei realized that this girl was a madam. (A.K.A. Female pimp) It was quite shocking.

Fei had observed the girl for a while, and he could tell that this girl’s identity was very special. During the whole time, she sat quietly behind the table; it was quite different from the type of madams Fei knew that were toady and snobbish.

The party was still continuing.

Fei called Cech over and reminded him of a few important things. After that, Fei stood up and went back to the central tent with Angela, Emma, and the eight girls.

By him sitting there as the king, the soldiers were a little constrained. Therefore, he decided to go back first.

What Fei didn’t find out was that the mysterious madam who was sitting behind the table stared at his back with a strange emotion in her pretty eyes when he went back to the tent.

……

After returning to the central tent, Fei chatted with Angela a bit more. After his fiancée fell asleep, Fei

fell asleep, Fei started his training in Diablo World again.

Both Akara and Cain were busy alternating between the mysterious stone room and Chambord University in the back mountains of Chambord.

During this time, Chambord’s construction was taking place slowly and steadily. A portion of the content of [Demon King’s Wisdom] was translated by Akara, and the construction plan of Chambord was greatly altered. Chambord was being built in a way that was unimaginable before. After reading the letter that Brook and Bast sent to him, Fei got the idea that Chambord was going to become a pearl of the north!

The study and decryption of the mysterious symbols in the stone room was still on-going.

Akara and Cain spent a lot of time on this, and they were making good progress. However, since it was still quite far from total decryption, Fei only asked some simple questions to understand what was going on. He was able to wait until the mystery was unveiled and then ask more questions.

After learning about potions from Akara for fifteen minutes and learning about the magic theories of Diablo World and the real world from Cain for fifteen minutes, Fei spent the leftover four hours with Elena on killing monsters and leveling up.

After four hours, Fei’s Barbarian character got to level 54.

Fei’s strength was increasing at an insane speed.

During battles, Fei had been carefully practicing control, spiral force, hidden force overlay, and the skills of the barbarian. The fifth strike of [Sky Frost Fist] was being completed and perfected gradually, and Fei was able to defeat demons faster; some of the ordinary barbarian skills deal extra damage in Fei’s hands. All of these contributed to his fast cultivation.

Even Fei felt like his talent in terms of cultivation was a little too sick.



* * *





Chapter 292




Chapter 292

Chapter 292: One Other Man (Part One)

On both notes from Emperor Yassin, they emphasized that patience was important as it was hard to get all of the key points easily; it was also hard to pass through all the thresholds. However, when Fei tried, it was easy. As soon as he read the notes, his body was able to do exactly what the notes said. There was nothing in his way.

Fei also tried to teach Elena about the granular control and spiral force, but it seemed like Elena had a hard time understanding and comprehending the information.

Fei was confused since Elena was really smart, but he couldn’t figure it out.

When Fei left Diablo World, it was already late at night.

Angela and Emma were in their deep sleep, so were the eight girls who acted as maids.

Fei walked out of the central tent, and a cold wind blew at him. The winter was getting colder and colder. The camp area was finally getting quiet, and only a few lights and torches were on. There were still some people walking on the street at this time though.

The party in Chambord’s campsite was over.

There were a few more fancy and golden new tents in the campsite; those were the temporary residence of the women from St. Petersburg.

Although these tents weren’t magic items, they weren’t cheaper than Chambord’s tents. Golden patterns and symbols filled the tents, and the tents looked luxurious. There was one tent that was smaller and more luxurious than the others; it was the residence of that mysterious “madam”.

Even at this time, Chambord’s guard didn’t go down.

There were fifty Bylaw Enforcement Officers who were patrolling the campsite with armors and weapons, and the checkpoints and watchtowers were filled with soldiers. The protection

of Chambord didn’t fall back because of the victory during the day and the party during the night. Fei saw Cech-Peter who was in a black cape watching the night, and he also saw Pierce and Drogba who were patrolling around the river in the cold.

Fei was satisfied with what he saw.

He nodded and switched to Assassin Mode. Without catching anyone’s attention, he dashed towards Moro Mountains as he passed through numerous checkpoints and campsites.

…….

Moro Mountains, [Huge Pit] Battlefield.

Under the starlight, the mysterious warrior stood on a huge piece of rock on the edge of the battlefield. Behind him, there were a ton of beautiful, firework-like, colliding warrior energies. This peaceful yet explosive scenery looked strangely mesmerizing.

Without moving, the mysterious man watched Fei as he tried to get through the most powerful magic array in the area by using that “ugly dance”.

Although this mysterious man was used to the king of Chambord getting through magic arrays this way, he still had to praise Fei in his mind.

What Fei didn’t know was that the mysterious warrior returned to the battlefield last night after he left. The man tried to mimic Fei’s strange movement and get pass a magic array. Although this man was much more powerful than Fei, he was only able to last one minute. After that, he couldn’t control his muscles granularly and triggered a magic pathing……

The mysterious warrior had many ways of getting into the [Huge Pit] Battlefield without triggering the magic arrays, but they were very different from Fei’s method which was insane and unimaginable.

This made the mysterious man rate Fei even higher.

A cold breeze blew by.

After Fei got through the magic array, he forced himself to use the methods in the purple scroll to train his spiritual power,

power, despite the fact that his body was sore and his head hurt a little from depleting the spiritual power. Also, he was sitting in front of the mysterious man; he was showing all of his vulnerability points.

However, the mysterious man was shocked once more. Although his expression looked calm, he carefully observed Fei numerous times as if he was looking at a monster.

He did that because he found out that the king of Chambord’s strength increased again!

It was unbelievable.

It seemed like all of the barriers and thresholds that normal warriors faced during the path of cultivation didn’t exist! It seemed like if this king wanted, he could get stronger rapidly!

The mysterious man had only seen one other man achieve this kind of unimaginable results!

Now, the king of Chambord was the second.

Chapter 292: One Other Man (Part Two)

This discovery made the mysterious man’s lips twitch sub-consciously.

He started to wonder if what he was doing was right. Was what he was doing beneficial to the empire? This king was going to mature in little time, and what was going to happen? Would what happened twenty years ago re-occur? Would the history repeat itself? “Should I just listen to one of my friends and cut the wings off of this eagle before it soars into the sky and dominates it?” The man thought.

At this moment, this mysterious and powerful man hesitated a little and doubted his choice for the first time.

The king of Chambord’s speed of cultivation scared him.

The more he knew about this young king, the more he was terrified by the hidden potential in that young body. It was hard to imagine how much impact this young king would have on the empire and the entire continent if he unleashed all of his

of his potentials!

“Elder? Sorry for keep you waiting.”

As the mysterious man was doubting himself, Fei’s surprised and intimate voice disturbed him.

The mysterious man looked up and saw Fei’s clear and pure eyes.

The eyes were clear like the river, and the mysterious man didn’t see any dominating ambitions, and he didn’t see any fear and fawn people would have towards powerful masters. There was only completely trust that a disciple would have towards his master.

“How long has it been since I saw a pair of eyes like this?”

The mysterious man asked himself.

For some reason, a strange feeling hit him, and his heart that was always cool, calm, and collected felt a little guilty all of a sudden.

“The fact that this young king trained and rested in front of me was enough to show his trust in me. Why did I have that kind of idea all of a sudden? What is going on?”

“Sit.” After a moment of distraction, the mysterious man pointed at a huge piece of rock that was one meter tall beside him and said. Before Fei could react, the man sat on one side of it first.

The man felt like he had to talk to the king a little bit more.

This was the first time that this mysterious man made a gesture.

This surprised Fei a little, and Fei sat beside the mysterious man happily.

Actually, Fei had a lot of questions that he wanted to ask. However, his attitude towards the mysterious man changed from the initial hostility to fear and to respect. He lowered his guards unconsciously, and he treated this man as his teacher. After all, his level 54 barbarian instinct told him that the powerful and mysterious man in front of him wasn’t an enemy.

“Elder, thank you for your two

for your two notes. They led me into a new world……” After seeing that the mysterious man was silent and didn’t say anything for a while, Fei initiated the conversation as he took out the two notes from his storage space and handed them to the mysterious man.

“Eh?” The man frowned.

“Oh, I already remembered all the techniques recorded in the notes. So……”

“You can keep them.”

“Thanks, but since they were written by Emperor Yassin, they are extremely valuable. Although I don’t know how you got them, I know that it would be a lot of trouble for you if the emperor found out that his notes in the royal library went missing. Plus, I already learned most of the techniques, so I shouldn’t be greedy and keep them to myself.”

After a moment of silence, the mysterious man lightly waved his hand, and the two notes in Fei’s hand flew back to him after a dash of green light.

“Offended Imperial Knight Palace, slapped Prince Chrystal, shamed big families, wiped out Blood-Edge……” The mysterious said slowly after another long silence. It seemed like that all of Fei’s activities were known by the man…… Before the man finished talking, he asked Fei a question: “You are not a murderous person, why not use smarter and clever methods to deal with these issues?”

“Too troublesome.” Fei answered honestly after he thought about it for a while. “Since I’m already the underdog, any other kinds of response would be seen as signs of weakness. If I backed off one step, they would walk up ten steps.”

“Eh.” The mysterious man wasn’t surprised by Fei’s answer; it seemed like he already knew this was what Fei was going to say. However, the man didn’t say anything else; he was waiting for Fei to continue.



* * *





Chapter 293




Chapter 293

Chapter 293: The Courage to Fight Back (Part One)

“Hedgehogs have spikes around their bodies, and porcupines have poisons on their backs. These animals have these defense mechanisms to scare off some of their enemies. These are the only methods that the weak animals have. My image in other people’s eyes is crazy, like a beast that is not scared of any kind of consequences. This would scare the people who want to reach their claws into Chambord. People who want to do that would need to prepare for the counterattack.”

Fei paused a little when he said that. After seeing the mysterious man didn’t get angry, he continued: “From my perspective, the only weapon the weak people have is the courage to fight back and the willingness to go down together with the enemies. This would make the powerful people really think before they do anything.”

“Be willing to go down together with the enemies?” The mysterious man murmured. A long period of silence followed.

After some time has passed, a strange smiled appeared on the mysterious man’s face. It was the first time that Fei saw an emotion on this man’s face. The mysterious man looked up at the sky, and his eyes wandered around the stars. As if he was thinking back to a long time ago, he murmured slowly and quietly: “Yeah, the courage to fight back…… The time passed by too fast. Another person said similar words many years ago. Just like you, he said it me in a similar situation. In addition, he actually followed through, and he was

more impressive……”

“Elder, are you talking about Emperor Yassin?” For some reason, the word “Yassin” jumped out of Fei’s mouth sub-consciously as he heard that.

“Eh?” The mysterious man was surprised. “Yeah, it was him.”

The man was silent after he said that.

He didn’t expect the young king to be so similar to that man. Maybe the young king and the emperor were the same kinds of people. No one would know that when the mysterious man was watching over Fei for the last while, he felt like the time flowed backward for 30 years and he was witnessing that genius warrior’s climb.

“I’m similar to Emperor Yassin?” Fei was a little surprised. It was the first time that he heard such a comment.

“Eh.” The mysterious man nodded. After that, it was another long silence.

But after the man looked up again and saw the young king’s confused yet proud expression, he suddenly realized something. His expression turned serious as he said: “You can’t act like him!”

“Ah?” Fei was confused even more.

It was the first time that the mysterious man emphasized on something; the tone was really commanding.

However, Fei didn’t find that off-putting. He could feel a vague caring attitude behind the serious and commanding words. That touched Fei a little.

The mysterious man lightly shook his head and suddenly stood up.

In the next moment, a murderous spirit shot out of his body. As if he changed into another person, no more intimacy could be felt from him. Dashes of green warrior energies circled around him as his body enlarged a little.

He returned to the emotionless state that

that he was in when Fei first met him on the battlefield, and he said lightly: “Attack! Same thing, 10 strikes. This time, I’m going to unleash all of my power.”

Fei was a little surprised, but he nodded as he stood up.

He knew that since the man didn’t want to talk anymore, he couldn’t get anything out of him even if he tried.

What happened tonight already surprised Fei.

He thought that he would never be able to have a conversation with this mysterious man who only said one to two words at a time, but who knew that this mysterious man actively engaged in a conversation with him. Although the conversation was controlled by the mysterious man and Fei didn’t get all of the information that he wanted, this conversation did give him some hints. At least Fei now knew that this man was very close to Emperor Yassin, and this man knew the emperor for a long time.

Who was this man?

Fei was still asking himself that question before he punched out.

Chapter 293: The Courage to Fight Back (Part Two)

The second day.

The sun was up, and there were no clouds in the sky. The weather itself was much better.

Northern battle region.

The opponent of Chambord today was the level 3 affiliated kingdom Kedis.

The Kedis Kingdom wasn’t strong. They only advanced yesterday because they were lucky enough to get a level 6 affiliated kingdom as an opponent.

However, their luck today wasn’t that great.

Soon, it was proved that the outcomes of the matches were within everyone’s expectation.

Even though the Kedis Kingdom was brave and didn’t surrender to

surrender to Chambord who was stronger than them, they weren’t able to take one match off of Chambord.

It was good that the warriors of Chambord were peaceful and didn’t kill anyone; some of the warriors from other kingdoms would kill when they got the chance. The Kedis Kingdom entered the losers’ bracket and would try their luck there.

The matches only took about 50 minutes.

Chambord won again in the second day cleanly and advanced to the top 12 in the region.

Since the performance of Chambord was so outstanding yesterday and there were a lot of mysteries surrounding Chambord and its king, many traveling poets decided to retell the stories using their usual exaggerating ways in pubs and areas where there were a lot of people. Today, a lot of people already heard of the nicknames such as [White Haired Fast Sword], [Black Haired Vicious Fist], [Desperation Creator], [Destructive Fingers], [Son of Wind], and [Deadly Assassin of Shadow], and there were more than 2,000 people here today watching Chambord’s matches. The number of people here was even more than some of the matches between level 1 affiliated kingdoms.

The people in the crowd were squished against one another, and the atmosphere was hyped.

“God, who can tell me where is [White Haired Fast Sword]’s sword? Too fast! I can’t……” A swordsman looked at his own sword depressed. He couldn’t imagine how fast a sword needed to be so that the opponent can’t even see it.

“Aha, [Son of Wind] is too cool! He looks like an elf when he pulled on his bow. He is my idol!” An archer

idol!” An archer with a full-beard shouted after he watched Torres’ battle.

Scenes like these occurred all the time in the crowd.

Some of these people thought that the stories told by the traveling poets were a little exaggerated, but they now all believed that the poets were telling the truth.

Most of the people in the crowd were low-level warriors, and some of them weren’t even star-warriors yet. These people were all from low-level affiliated kingdoms, and the fact that Chambord who was also a low-level affiliated kingdom had such strong power won over their acceptance.

Especially after they saw Chambord’s soldiers knocking the soldiers of Kedis Kingdom off of the stage using the heavy shields, the people in the crowd exploded in cheers; they felt like they won the matches themselves, and their blood was boiling.

The only thing that disappointed the crowd was that the legendary king of Chambord didn’t participate in the matches today.

They didn’t even see the young king in the resting area.

Where was the king of Chambord?

……

Fei was watching another match.

With a black cloak, he was able to cover his identity, and he was watching a heated match in the western battle region with Angela who was also in a cloak. The level 1 affiliated kingdom Maze was really unlucky. They countered a level 1 affiliated kingdom yesterday, and they encountered another level 1 affiliated kingdom, Lodi, today.

After the tough matches in the first day, the strength of Maze decreased dramatically. The first three master warriors who participated in the individual matches today didn’t win; one died, and the other two were severely injured.



* * *





Chapter 294




Chapter 294

Chapter 294: [One Sword] (Part One)

It seemed like there was a lot of resentment between the Lodi Kingdom and the Maze Kingdom; the warriors of Lodi were very cruel when attacking.

The fourth individual match.

The warrior from Lodi’s side was Planic, the man who was named the number one warrior of Lodi.

He was a handsome and tall swordsman. He was in a blue suit, and his long hair fluttered in the wind. With a heavy sword on his shoulder, he walked up and dashed onto the Sword Testing Stage in the loud cheers of the Lodi soldiers.

The handsome swordsman had a very arrogant expression on his face, and the red warrior energy flame that enveloped his body soared into the sky. Aside from turning the stage into the color red, there were five star-swirls inside the flame. These five star-swirls circled around Planic, and they represented the five-star warrior identity of him.

A five-star warrior who was less than 30 years old? He would be considered a genius warrior on Azeroth.

The more powerful Planic was, the more pressure Maze Kingdom faced.

Planic stood on the stage with his heavy sword, and he pointed his thumb down to provoke at Maze even more. After that, he spat onto the ground in the direction of Maze and stepped it. His flaming tactic worked.

For a moment, no one at Maze dared to go on stage to battle.

Under the lead of some of the Lodi warriors, thousands of people in the audience started to laugh, and some of them even started booing

“I don’t like that guy.” Angela suddenly got close to Fei and whispered it into Fei’s ear. Her

sweet scent went into Fei’s nose, and it was little ticklish.

She was holding onto Fei’s hand with her smooth and soft hands, and she must have felt that Planic wasn’t behaving like a true warrior.

“Of course, you can’t like him. You can only like me!” Fei squeezed Angela’s hands a little as he joked.

“No….. I mean he is too arrogant.” Angela explained herself with a blush.

“But many people said that I’m arrogant as well.” Fei continued to tease her: “So you don’t like me as well?”

Angela was a little surprised, and then she squeezed Fei’s hand as hard as she could.

In the crowd, the big and the little figure were both covered in the black cloaks. The hat on the cloaks covered over two-thirds of their faces, and they were able to tease each other and play with each other freely. It felt like they were a young couple in high school.

Fei suddenly felt like he was back to his previous life and he was standing next to the girl who he had a crush on in high school; that little nervousness, that little excitement, and that little blush……

The only thing was that the girl who Fei had a crush on didn‘t really pay attention to him. Now, the beautiful girl beside him was completely focused on him. Under such comparison, Fei felt like the pure girl beside him right now was even more important to his life.

The first time Fei felt good about coming to this world was when he first saw Angela. Although he never told her that, Fei had made a promise to himself that he would be around this

this girl and protect her for the rest of his life.

As the two of them were intoxicated in the sweet feelings between them, changes occurred.

Suddenly, all of the noises around the stage disappeared. Everyone in the crowd closed their mouths, including the warriors of Lodi who started it all. In fact, these warriors didn’t even dare to look up at the stage.

Fei was surprised by all of this, and he looked up.

A person in a rough robe slowly walked out of Maze Kingdom’s resting area.

This man wasn’t tall, and he wasn’t big. He was carrying a normal sized sword on his back; the sword was half-rusted and had chipped blades. As he walked toward the stage, no power sensation could be felt from him, let alone warrior energy flames. Like an ordinary person, he used the stairs on the stage and slowly climbed up.

He looked like a powerless civilian.

The half-rusted sword also looked more like a blade for cutting firewood rather than enemies.

However, no one dared to treat this man as an ordinary person, and no one dared to treat this blade as a tool of a lumberjack.

Everyone knew who he was.

Everyone knew who that blade had killed.

Fei’s pupil contracted as he recognized the man.

[One Sword].

He was [One Sword].

Chapter 294: [One Sword] (Part Two)

The elder prince of Maze Kingdom, and the number one warrior among all affiliated kingdoms.

Even Arshavin and Dominguez who were both princes of the empire tried to get this man on their sides.

On the Peak of East Mountain in Chambord, this man broke the devastating killer trap set up by Paris and five master warriors using only one strike.

Before the rise

the rise of Fei, [One Sword] was the only legend.

Everyone knew that his level was high, but no one knew exactly how powerful this man was. Since [One Sword] only used one strike in every battle he was involved in, and no one was ever able to survive that one strike from that one sword, no one was able to estimate his strength. That was also where his nickname [One Sword] came from.

Now, [One Sword] was finally up on the Sword-Testing Stage.

The fame and invincible stories about this man made everyone in the crowd stay quiet.

Fei laughed.

He knew that the outcome of this battle was already determined.

On the Peak of East Mountain at Chambord, [One Sword] was already able to easily defeat the five-star warrior Dani whose nickname was [Hidden at Snowpeak] and other four assassins who were strong as well. Currently, the swordsman in blue was only a five-star warrior, and he was no match to [One Sword].

However, no one anticipated [One Sword]’s first movement when he got onto the stage.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

More than a dozen sword-shaped warrior energies flew out of [One Sword]’s body as he lightly shook his shoulders.

“Ah……”

After a series of screams, more than a dozen heads soared into the sky. At the same time, more than a dozen streams of blood spurted out in the audience.

People in the crowd were terrified, and they made space for the headless corpses.

The people who were killed were the Lodi soldiers who made the most noise when mocking the Maze Kingdom. All sixteen of them were headless, and their limbs were still twitching. They were really weak, and they couldn’t defend against [One

defend against [One Sword]’s sudden attack.

A noise-piercing bloody smell dispersed around the stage.

When Fei saw Angela covering her nose, he frowned and waved his hand. The sixteen corpses got lifted by an invisible force, and they were placed back into Lodi Kingdom’s resting area. All of the blood on the ground was cleansed, and the nose-piercing smell was mostly gone.

[One Sword] who was on the stage sensed something and looked down at Fei and Angela who were still hidden in the audience. [One Sword]’s eyes lit up as if he was thinking about something.

“Hey, you are [One Sword]?” Planic moved his sword off of his shoulder as he observed his opponent carefully. He suddenly laughed: “I thought you are much more powerful, but you seem alright. Hehe, make your move! Let me see if you really don’t use the second strike.”

As he finished speaking, the power sensation coming off of his body got more intense. The red warrior energy flame grew bigger.

“Eh?” Fei’s pupil contracted again.

Although what happened was sudden, he was still able to tell that Planic’s sensation got strange. It felt like Planic had taken some substance that increased his power in the short term. However, Fei who was a half-ass potion maker could even tell that the side-effects of this kind of substances were serious.

It looked like the Lodi Kingdom had really tried to win this match.

“Hahaha, [One Sword], your legend ends today!” Planic slowly walked toward [One Sword] as he adjusted his internal state. His warrior energy got more and more vicious as his warrior energy flame got less transparent and more vigorous. Soon, the audience could only see a blurry figure.



* * *





Chapter 295




Chapter 295

Chapter 295: I Look Forward to Battling You (Part One)

In comparison, [One Sword] was really average.

He was just standing there without any warrior energy surges or energy flames.

He didn’t even look at the opponent who was charging at him; rather, he was focused on the two figures who were under the cover of two black cloaks. It seemed like [One Sword] was thinking about something else that was irrelevant to this battle.

“Idiot! Getting distracted during battle? Underestimating me? DIE!”

Planic roared as he dashed forward even faster. He instantly got over the 20-meter distance and struck his huge mountain-like sword at [One Sword].

In the split second, it seemed like the tip of the sword was about to pierce into [One Sword]’s forehead. The wind created by this powerful strike already blew on [One Sword]’s hair, and the hair that was tied together by a rough rope fluttered.

It was a really lethal attack.

Fei could tell that this was a powerful combat technique. It allowed Planic to instantly get close to the opponent and unleash all of his force in one strike.

As [One Sword] was about to get his head penetrated, he lightly raised his right arm. The movement looked extremely slow, but it created a series of afterimages in the air.

In the next second, [One Sword]’s right hand touched the handle of the half-rusted sword on his back.

Whoosh!

As soon as the hand touched the handle, a sword-shaped energy dashed out.

All of the red warrior energy flames that came with Planic’s attack suddenly froze in mid-air.

The tip of Planic’s sword was only about one inch away from killing [One Sword]. With all of his power, Planic was so close to killing this famous warrior and becoming the new number one warrior among all affiliated kingdoms.

However, this one-inch distance looked like it

was going to take an eternity to get through.

“You…… This…… No……” A stream of blood slid down Planic’s lips, and the red color contrasted with the pale face. The life energy was leaking out of his body in an uncontrollable manner.

“Puff……”

Blood exploded out of Planic’s chest, and he got turned into a blood man. He shouted as his body started to shake: “I wore…… Treasury Battle Armor…… no weapon could penetrate it…… You didn’t …… you didn’t even pull your sword, you……” He stuttered as he couldn’t believe what had happened.

“You are not worthy enough.”

After [One Sword] said that, he turned around and walked down the stage as if nothing had happened.

The man only touched his sword and didn’t even pull out the sword…… that alone was enough to destroy his opponent who carefully prepared for this for a while. This kind of power was unheard of.

Boom!

After [One Sword] took his fourth step, a cloud of blood mist appeared on the stage.

The former number one warrior of the Lodi Kingdom, Planic, died. His body exploded, and his blood and flesh spilled everywhere. The heavy sword that belonged to Planic fell to the ground, and the sword itself got split in half from the tip to the handle cleanly as a metal-colliding noise sounded; it almost sounded like the sword was crying.

Actually, the sword energy from [One Sword] cut the heavy sword in half from the beginning. But because it was so fast, the body of the heavy sword still held together. It only broke in half when it landed on the ground.

Fei closed his eyes and replayed that strike from [One Sword] again and again in his head.

There was only one feeling – Fast!

It was unbelievably fast!

Among everyone in the crowd, Fei was the only person who saw what

what went down.

[One Sword] touched his sword and pulled it out half-way. A dash of sword energy that wasn’t eye-catching shot out from the half-rusted sword and cut through everything. It first cut through the heavy sword made from purified iron that was forged over a hundred times, and it then cut into Planic’s body. Although this former number one warrior of Lodi was wearing a Treasury Battle Armor that was made from gold strings and was supposed to block damage from ultra-sharp weapons and warrior energies, it wasn’t able to block [One Sword]’s sword energy.

That dash of sword energy looked really ordinary.

Just like [One Sword] and his rusty sword, it wasn’t surprising nor special in terms of its appearance; it looked like a dash of candlelight at best. However, it was capable of cutting through everything.

Such a terrifying person,

Such a terrifying sword.

Such a terrifying sword energy.

Chapter 295: I Look Forward to Battling You (Part Two)

Fei gasped sub-consciously and felt like he had underestimated the geniuses on this continent.

“I look forward to battling you!”[One Sword] who was in the spotlight suddenly stopped as he said that. He looked at one person in the audience and shook his shoulder. A dash of sword energy that didn’t contain any murderous spirit shot at the person.

Tink!

A hand grasped the sword energy.

When the sword energy and the hand met each other, a metal-colliding noise sounded. In the next second, the hand squeezed the energy forcefully and broke it. Fei lifted the part of the cloak that was covering his face, and he responded: “Want to challenge me? Get to the kingdom ranking matches first!”

“AH? He is…… [Sky Covering Fist] – the king of Chambord?” Some people in the crowd gasped.

Many people were wondering why [One Sword] who didn’t see anyone as an opponent

an opponent would actively challenge someone, and many people were shocked after seeing a hand breaking [One Sword]’s sword energy.

But after people heard the gasps, they all understood what was going on.

They realized that the man in the black cloak beside them was the king of Chambord who was rumored to be the new number one warrior among all affiliated kingdoms.

No wonder the king’s nickname was [Sky Covering Fist].

Everyone knew that the king’s strength was on another level after he broke [One Sword]’s sword energy with one hand.

Many people knew that there would be a fight between the king of Chambord and [One Sword] …… it was the destiny of warriors.

But from the look of it, the battle that everyone was thinking about was going to arrive soon.

After his identity was revealed by [One Sword], it didn’t make much sense for Fei to stay here and be looked at like a rare animal. After all, he already saw the magnificence of [One Sword]’s techniques. Therefore, he held onto Angela’s hands and walked away. The people in front of them all moved aside and made a path for them as the people stared at Fei in fear, respect, and curiosity.

The two of them were walking really slow, but they suddenly disappeared after they walked out of the crowd. Everyone opened their eyes wide, and they couldn’t spot them anymore.

[One Sword] was silent as he watched Fei and Angela walk away. He then turned around and looked at the resting area of Lodi, and no Lodi warrior dared to look back at him.

This simple look destroyed the morale and momentum of the Lodi Kingdom.

In the next two individual matches, the Maze Kingdom turned them around and won both matches.

In the team matches, [One Sword] who rarely showed himself took on the role of

the role of the general and participated in the matches. With the presence of [One Sword], the 49 soldiers of Maze were overjoyed, and they easily won the four team matches.

After this, the Maze Kingdom became one of the top 12 kingdoms in the western battle region.

[One Sword] and [Sky Covering Fist] were going to meet each other soon.

……

……

When Fei and Angela left the western battle region, it was still early; it wasn’t even lunchtime yet. Since this was the first time that Fei and Angela spent time alone, they were having a great time. They didn’t rush back to Chambord’s campsite; they wandered around in the camp area. Angela liked noisy and busy areas where there were a ton of merchants selling different stuff, and she dragged Fei around to try to see everything.

After some time, Angela dragged Fei towards the eastern battle region where a lot of intense battles were taking place; she knew that Fei’s purpose today wasn’t just to chill.

“Hahahaha, you ant-like low-life, how dare you challenge me……” An ear-piercing and arrogant voice sounded from a Sword-Testing Stage close by. Fei and Angela both looked that way, and they saw a man in a fancy silver armor standing on the stage with both of his hands on his waist. In front of him, a hulky warrior was on the ground facing up; the warrior’s throat was sliced.

“Listen, I can easily kill the king of Chambord and [One Sword]. Anyone who challenges me would die! My goal is to become the number one warrior of the empire!” The young man didn’t hide his arrogance at all as he made that announcement to the crowd.

“Easily kill the king of Chambord and [One Sword]? Are you high? Where are you when they made their names heard?” Someone sneered in the crowd.



* * *





Chapter 296




Chapter 296

Chapter 296: [One Punch Seven Injuries] (Part One)

“Who was that? Stand the fu*k out!”

The young man was infuriated. He looked down at the crowd and locked his eyes onto Fei and Angela. “Hey, you two, yeah, you guys. Stop right there. What are you looking at? It must be you guys who said that. All dressed in black…… you guys don’t look like some nice people. How dare you guys slander me?”

This arrogant, violent, and rude warrior was really short-tempered. As he said that, he was about to jump off of the stage and attack. But in a split second, he couldn’t spot the two people anymore. As if they used some unknown magic, they were nowhere to be seen.

……

“Why are we leaving? I thought you are going to teach him a lesson?” After they left, Angela leaned her soft body against Fei and asked.

“My mission today is to spend time with my beautiful queen; I’m not here to fight.” Fei laughed as he tapped the girl’s nose.

Although that young man in fancy silver armor was extremely arrogant, Fei could tell that his strength was not bad; Fei even sensed a little danger as if that young man had some hidden power.

The idiotic arrogance that young man put out was probably a fake persona. If Fei wasn’t wrong, that young man was able to get into the final kingdom ranking matches. There was a high chance that Fei will encounter him there, and Fei would have all the time in the world to teach him lessons.

Fei and Angela wandered around the battle region.

After about ten minutes, a series of sharp screams sounded in front of them.

These screams were like the screams of a beast who was about to die; it sounded terrifying and horrific. Afterward, loud gasps of the crowd sounded. Then, nose-piercing blood smell dispersed into the

area. It was so thick that it felt like it was blood flowing in the air rather than the smell of it.

“Ah, what is this smell? It stinks! What happened?” Angela frowned.

Fei looked forward at a Sword-Testing Stage.

There was a battle going on.

A purple figure was dashing around in a circle, and his footwork was so fast that he left dashes of phantoms in the air. The two strangely shaped blades in his hands flashed around as they cut at a cloud of blood mist that was in the center of the circle……

After Fei took a closer look, he was shocked.

Inside of the blood mist, there was a person who had no more skin on his body.

Every time the purple figure waved the blades, a small piece of flesh that was about the size of the fingernail would fly out of his opponent’s body. In less than ten seconds, the purple figure already struck out more than a hundred times. The opponent wanted to dodge, but he wasn’t able to get away from the tornado-like blades. The battle was in complete control of the purple figure, and the man in the center of the blood mist can only scream, cry, and die!

After 20 seconds, the purple figure finally stopped and drew back his blades.

Now, the man that was in the center of the blood mist and rotating around stopped as well. He was more than just dead. He got turned into a clean and white skeleton; not a bit of blood or flesh could be seen on it.

Clank! The skeleton fell to the ground and broke into many pieces.

Such a cruel technique.

Fei lightly frowned.

That purple figure was extremely fast, and his technique was also strange. His control of the blades was on another level as he was able to clean all of the flesh off of that person that

that fast…… It was obvious that this purple figure was much stronger than his opponent, and he was able to win this match using only one strike. However, he used the cruelest way of all, and he made more than a hundred cuts on his opponent. This man was a sick psycho!

But undoubtedly, he was also a master warrior.

Fei didn’t stay at this stage for too long, and he left with Angela soon.

The scene there was too bloody, and he was afraid that his fiancée would get frightened.

This was the destiny of warriors on the Azeroth Continent. You either kill others or get killed by others. If one wanted to survive on this continent, he or she would have to get stronger and stronger. That was the only way to protect the people and things that he or she loved.

After Fei and Angela walked forward for a little, they saw another Sword-Testing Stage that was crowded with many people. People were cheering, and thunder-liking clapping noises resonated in the area. Fei took a look, and the person on the stage was the young king of Byzantine – Constantine.

Fei stopped and watched from afar.



Chapter 296: [One Punch Seven Injuries] (Part Two)

The opponent was a tall and bulky warrior. The man was using a pair of cast-iron hammers, and the stage would shake every time the hammers hit the ground.

Even though the warrior was powerful, Constantine was not having a hard time.

This young king was stable yet agile. He was wearing a light silver armor, and he had a pair of iron gloves that had backward hooks on them. Although his punching speed wasn’t fast, beast roaring noises would sound alone side it.

“Uh? I didn’t expect Constantine to achieve this level in such a short time. His [Seven Injures Fist] has contained a little tiger howls and dragon roars – it represents

it represents the first level mastery – [One Punch Seven Injuries]. Although that [Hulk Potion] improved his body, he was a talented warrior!” Fei thought.

He was a little surprised by how far Constantine got with the [Seven Injures Fist].

However, this [Seven Injure Fist] was a technique that would injure one’s self before injuring the opponent. To achieve this level of mastery, Constantine’s internal organs must have suffered some damage. Fei told everything to Constantine from the beginning, and this young king still chose to cultivate using this technique. There must have been something that he wanted to protect dearly, and that was the reason why he wanted to get strong very fast.

As Fei was thinking, the scale of victory already tilted towards one side.

Constantine punched onto the opponent’s chest, and the raised hammers of the opponent couldn’t strike down as a tiger howling and dragon roaring noise sounded. Blood flowed out of the seven opening on the opponent’s face including mouth, nostrils, ears, and eyes. After a short pause, the man fell down to the ground like a tree that got chopped down.

Bam! Bam! The hammers of the tough man fell to the ground, and the noise woke up the people who were still in shock. Suddenly, cheering and clapping erupted like a volcano.

The audiences favored this young king.

Constantine bowed at the audiences politely, picked up the hammers that were on the ground, and walked down the stage.

It was this young king’s little hobby to collect his opponents’ weapons.

Before this battle, he got the spear of another warrior from another kingdom.

Although these weapons were not god-tier weapons, they were treated by Constantine like treasures. Maybe one day when he had the word “emperor” in his name, there would be a huge library that would showcase these weapons that represented his cultivation path.

Constantine walked toward the resting area of Byzantine, and he

Byzantine, and he didn’t spot Fei and Angela who were cheering him on in the crowd.

In the resting area, the beautiful queen Izabella rushed out and hugged her husband. Then, she wiped the sweat off of Constantine’s forehead. She was worried and glad at the same time.

Every time Constantine went on the Sword-Testing Stage, Izabella would feel like the time passed by extremely slowly, and her heart would race as fast as it could.

She knew that her lover was the king and he had to represent and bring honor to his loyal subjects. But as a wife, she wished her lover would never have to step on that vicious and dangerous Sword-Testing Stage again.

Those were two really contradicting mentalities. No one can be certain that the young king would win all the battles he was in; after all, Constantine wasn’t the two legendary warriors – [One Sword] who only use one strike, nor [Sky Covering Fist] who was mysteriously powerful.

After thinking of the king of Chambord, Izabella can’t thank him enough.

She remembered clearly that it was a chilly night with a heavy snowfall. If it wasn’t for the king of Chambord, she might have become the toy of Blood-Edge, and her lover might have died in battles. It was because of the king of Chambord’s generosity that her and Constantine’s fate changed…… So did the fate of Byzantine Kingdom.

……

Fei and Angela didn’t walk up and say hi to Constantine. After they watched this match, they walked towards another battle region like ordinary people.

“Let’s go! The number one goddess of the affiliated kingdoms is going to appear on No. 14 Stage!”

“Number one goddess? Is it the iceberg-like Princess Cindy from the Bulan Kingdom?”

“Of course it is her. Who else can be called the number one goddess of the affiliated kingdoms? Ah, don’t pull on me, I need to get a good spot……”



* * *





Chapter 297




Chapter 297

Chapter 297: Sudden Change (Part One)

The noisy crowd started to rush toward one particular Sword-Testing Stage.

Fei only saw this before in his previous life when a celebrity appeared on the street. Many people in the crowd got stepped on and lost their shoes, and some traveling poets who were leading the rush got pulled back by people and got their robes ripped. The least fortunate people fell down and got stepped over by many other; they almost died. It was chaotic.

“Let’s see who dares to call herself the number one goddess of affiliated kingdoms? Eh, it is definitely my Angela who deserves that name!” Fei teased his fiancée as he pulled on her hands. A light invisible force emitted from his body, and no one could get too close to them.

Soon, the two of them got to the No. 14 Sword-Testing Stage.

The stage itself was surrounded by more than 4,000 people, and it was packed! This was more than the audience at Chambord’s and other level 1 affiliated kingdoms’ battles. Some of the over-confident young men already had gifts and roses in their hands as they cheered on Cindy’s name.

Fei lightly exerted some of his force and created some space; he didn’t want Angela to get squeezed.

Before the match began and before Cindy got on stage, the atmosphere was already at a climax. From the chatters around him, Fei heard that the Bulan Kingdom was a mid-tier level 3 affiliated kingdom, and they weren’t the crowd favorite. But during the match yesterday, Princess Cindy of Bulan unbelievably killed a master warrior of a level 2 affiliated kingdom with one strike.

That

shocked a lot of people, and Matt Razi who was the number one traveling poet of the empire walked by and commented that Princess Cindy would be a top 3 candidate in the kingdom ranking matches.

Matt Razi was never wrong, and that made Princess Cindy who was already pretty gain a lot of fame. Some of the traveling poets gave her the name [Number One Goddess of Affiliated Kingdoms], and many men got a crush on her. In a short time, she gained a lot of popularity, and her fame was on par with the two legends – [One Sword] and the King of Chambord.

“Matt Razi said that she is going to be in the top 3?”

Fei was a little surprised.

Matt Razi appeared when Fei was battling the Executive Knights. Although the man didn’t show much of himself, Fei knew that this man was very powerful with hidden strength. The man who was named as the number one traveling poet of the empire must have a great observation and identification skill. Since Matt Razi gave such high praise, this princess of Bulan must have got some tricks up her sleeves.

As people around him talked more and more, Fei got a little interested in this girl.

Soon, the matches started. In the first few rounds, the participants from the Bulan Kingdom were all men. They won two out of the five individual matches. The performance was really average, and Fei was getting a little impatient.

Suddenly, a red figure appeared on the stage.

Princess Cindy.

She was absolutely beautiful. Like a goddess, even her frowning expression moved a lot of men.

The red magic armor protected her arms

arms and torso, and her slender waist was exposed. Her red skirt covered her butt and one-third of her legs, and the rest of her legs were naked but protected by the red magic energy emitting from the armor. Most of her red hair was tied behind her head by a white silky band, and some of the hair beside her face fluttered in the wind. What was the most eye-catching was a red wand that was about 150 centimeters long. There was a red magic gem inlaid in the wand, and it was about the size of a dragon’s eye.

A mage!

Fei was surprised again. It was the first time that he saw a mage on the Sword-Testing Stages.

Although mage was one of the dominating professions, there were a lot fewer mages than warriors. Mage was an expensive and noble profession; a lot of resources were needed to cultivate a mage as the amount was comparable to equipping and maintaining a heavy cavalry troop. Therefore, there were a lot fewer mages in this competition as any loss would be devastating. Fei didn’t expect the Bulan Kingdom to have such a powerful mage!

The armor this girl was wearing was a powerful magic set. Circles of red magic energies surged around Princess Cindy like the waves in the ocean, and Fei who was a level 54 Barbarian couldn’t clearly detect the level of her.

She was someone who Fei had to respect.

As if she sensed the stare, Cindy looked at Fei as lights flashed in her eyes. It was an advanced detection magic. Although the powerful magic rapidly scanned Fei’s body, the princess of Bulan

of Bulan shook her head. She thought she was hallucinating since she didn’t discover anything.

Fei who was under the cover of the cloak smiled.

Chapter 297: Sudden Change (Part Two)

Only a master warrior like that mysterious man can see through his Barbarian Force Field. In addition, there was a lot of difference between the power structure of the warriors and mages on Azeroth and the seven professions in Diablo World. The seven different kinds of power from Diablo world didn’t contain any warrior energy or magic energy surge, so they were hard to detect.

Fei soon left the No. 14 Stage with Angela; he didn’t stay for the battle.

The king was sure that Matt Razi was correct – this princess would definitely be able to get into the top 3. No one in the battle region posed a threat to her.

“Didn’t expect to encounter so many powerful people when I just wanted to spend some time with Angela. Looks like this competition isn’t as boring as I thought.”

Fei slowly got interested in the competition.

After they wandered around other stages, it was already noon. Fei and Angela got to a nice restaurant and was planning to enjoy a peaceful lunch.

As they sat down, the four main battle legions of the empire – [Whip of the Thunderlord], [Anger of the Fire Lord], [Gigantic Wood Legion], [Blizzard Legion], that surrounded the camp area started to make moves as sky-shaking bugle noise sounded. Everyone in the camp area hard it.

“This bugle……” Fei’s expression changed color: “This is the warning signal for a full-on war. What happened? This noise…… could it be that the battle between Spartax and Zenit on

and Zenit on the frontier changed?”

Thunder-like bugle noise sounded throughout the camp area and the capital.

Fei no longer was in the mood for a chill lunch. After he and Angela quickly ate some food, they returned to Chambord’s campsite.

Soon, a shocking news spread in the camp area.

After more than half a month of battle around the border, the situation suddenly worsened. The troops of Spartax Empire suddenly broke through the defense line Zenit sat up at the southern key location – Razer City, and one of the ten main battle legions [Night Snow Legion] which had 20,000 elite soldiers got wiped out. The second most famous general at Zenit – Bolun Zhang was not willing to retreat; he felt like he had failed the emperor’s trust. He battled the enemy with his 100 guards and stayed at Razor City. Now, no one knew if he was dead or alive.

In one night, Spartax Empire suddenly sent in reinforcement, and more than 60,000 elite Spartax soldiers pushed 150 kilometers into Zenit’s territories. Three southern regions of Zenit fell into the hands of Spartax. The political structure of the three regions got torn, and tens of thousands of officials and noble people got killed. The war had spread into the core of Zenit, and numerous homeless people and defeated soldiers rushed toward the capital. Without proper defense and hard terrain, Spartax soldiers pushed into Zenit like a hot iron stick that stabbed into a block of cheese.

To Zenit, the situation turned to the worst.

If the Spartax soldiers pushed forward for 150 more kilometers, they would be at St, Petersburg.

The news shocked and scared a lot of people.



* * *





Chapter 298




Chapter 298

Chapter 298: Events Came In Waves, People Were Like Chess Pieces (Part One)

That afternoon, the reports from the frontline went into the Military Headquarter located in St. Petersburg’s southern region. It was rumored that the generals of Zenit got scolded by Emperor Yassin. Right now, the generals and the high-up officials were anxious and worried. Because of the collapsed frontline, a lot of nobles were blamed and locked up in the jail in Imperial Knight Palace. Even though the old general Bolun Zhang didn’t retreat and fought the enemy, his family was under close monitor as well……

As more and more scouts came in and out of the Capital, more and more horses died of exhaustion in Zenit’s territory. The people in the empire were all concerned.

Some people said that the elite troops of Spartax were about to reach St. Petersburg, some people said that general Bolun Zhang who got captured already surrendered to the enemy, and some people said that Emperor Yassin was about to die due to his illness. In the rumors that were passed around, the nobles were getting ready to run to the north to avoid the war, and Zenit Empire was about to collapse. Everything was just depressing.

After the rumors came, the camp area got even more chaotic.

More than 30 affiliated kingdoms from the south were affected the most. The kings and soldiers almost started a riot.

Their kingdoms were in the south, and a lot of the kingdoms in the southern region of the empire were conquered by the troops of Spartax. The fire of war burned on their land and their loved one were in a bad situation. The soldiers of Spartax were known as cruel and cold-blooded, and they had killed 100,000 civilians of Zenit before in one day. Since the grudge and hatred between the two empires were so deep,

only bones and burned ground were left after the Spartax soldiers went through Zenit’s affiliated kingdoms.

Under such circumstance, some of the kings of the southern kingdoms were worried to their death. They were in no mood to finish the competition, and they had asked for permissions to go back to their kingdom, fight for the empire, and save their loved ones.

The other kings were waiting for the empire to speak out. Some of the kings had strongly urged the empire to send reinforcement to the three regions that were being taken. Everyone wanted to get rid of the evil Spartax invaders.

At this time, a name was talked about a lot.

[Zenit’s God of War] Andrew-Arshavin.

At a time when Emperor Yassin couldn’t lead the army due to his illness, many people rested their hopes on this [God of War] who had killed numerous Spartax soldiers on the border of the two empires. Although Arshavin was only 35 years old, he had about 20 years of experience leading the military. The [Iron-Blood Legion] was invincible under his command, and the Spartax soldiers were terrified of him. This man and his troop was the counter to Spartax.

In a short time, the support for the elder prince skyrocketed.

At the same time, the battle for the throne also changed dramatically.

The two princes were in a 50/50 situation before, but the scale of victory suddenly tilted towards the [Zenit’s God of War] who people thought would bring victory to Zenit in this war against Spartax.

Compared to the elder prince who had a bright record, second prince Dominguez was only a love-child. He hadn’t earned any merits since he came to St. Petersburg, and he only received investments and supports from nobles families because he was loved by his father. But as the emperor’s health conditions worsen day by day, the [Mad Dog] second prince was

was really about to lose the battle to [Zenit’s God of War] elder prince, especially after the empire ran into such a dangerous time.

……

As chaos came to the camp area, the campsite of Chambord was very peaceful.

One reason was that Chambord was located in the northern region; even if St. Petersburg got conquered, Chambord would still be safe. That was one of the benefits of being in a remote and poor region. The nobles and wealthy kingdoms that looked down on Chambord now all wished to become bumpkins so they can avoid the war.

Of course, the warriors of Chambord loved battles.

People like Pierce, Drogba, and Oleg already expressed their interest in going to the frontline and battling the enemies. Even Peter-Cech who was a really considerate person also thought about leading the Bylaw Enforcement Officers and Saint Seiyas into the war; he believed that the real war would let the boys become men.

This was what happened after these guys got much stronger; their confidence skyrocketed.

This also occurred because they had infinite trust in their king.

Fei directly booted these guys out. He hated war. Even if war came, Chambord would be the last kingdom to be summoned to fight the war.



Chapter 298: Events Came In Waves, People Were Like Chess Pieces (Part Two)

Fei was absolutely right.

As the entire Capital and camp area were in chaos and people were anxious, order from Emperor Yassin and the Military Headquarter came before sunset. The elder prince Andrew-Arshavin was named the head commander, and he was ordered to lead his [Iron Blood Legion] as well the two of the ten main battle legions, [Whip of the Thunder Lord] and [Anger of the Fire Lord], that totaled 50,000 soldiers to the battlefront in three days.

After the order came out, the chaos mostly settled.

Soon, another order came out.

The empire rejected the requests from the southern kingdoms

southern kingdoms who wanted to head back to their homeland and fight with the invaders. All of them were ordered to stay in the camp area and participate in the competition until it was over.

Because of this sudden war, the competition was modified. The next round of challenge matches was canceled, and the top ten masters, as well as the top five kingdoms from each battle region, would enter directly into the kingdom ranking matches.

After the competition was over, the 244 affiliated kingdoms would form one new legion and participate in the war against the Spartax Empire. The top ten masters of the competition would be canonized as level 1 nobles, and they would get commanding roles in the newly formed legion.

The track record and military merits the affiliated kingdoms could get in the war with Spartax would be used to promote and demote the kingdoms.

The top 10 kingdoms with the most military merits would automatically become the new level 1 affiliated kingdoms. Just like that, the numbers and the structures of the affiliated kingdoms would stay the same, but the level of the kingdoms would change.

To a certain degree, this patched the issue of the cancelation of the challenge matches. Also, it meant that a crazy era for the affiliated kingdoms came.

The challenge matches in the competition were giving an advantage to the old powerful kingdoms. They had a lot accumulated strength, and their connections with the powerful forces in St. Petersburg allowed them to stay powerful forever. But since the ranking was now based on military merits, the weaker kingdoms had a chance to shine.

All the accumulated strength of these powerful kingdoms was almost neglectable in a war. During the war, numerous people would be killed, and heroes would get the chance to rise. If the opportunity was right, even a small figure could become a legendary hero.

To

a legendary hero.

To a lot of small kingdoms, this was their chance. This slim chance was something they were going to focus on.

Compared with challenge matches, the small kingdoms had more chances in wars.

For a moment, all the affiliated kingdoms were hyped for the upcoming war with Spartax in the south.

The masters and kingdoms that could get into the top 10 and top 5 were getting ready for the final charge. They weren’t just attracted to the noble status; they were more interested in the ability to command the legion that was going to form.

Chambord was definitely a hot candidate for the leading position.

……

As the outside world was getting noisy, Fei did something else.

He called old Zolasc and young Modric into his central tent. After two hours of secret conversion, the two of them left the Chambord’s campsite with their belongings. Soon, the two people who were a part of Chambord’s expeditionary force were nowhere to be found.

In a few days, a new organization that was called [Letter Office] became active around the Capital.

No one knew who this organization belonged to. They only knew that this organization was very secretive, and they were looking for all kinds of useful and non-useful information. In addition, they were looking to hire people who had all kinds of skills. This organization soon caught the other forces’ attention. But after some spying, they learned that there were three people who were behind everything. These three people were always together. The old man and the young boy were normal people; they weren’t strong warriors. However, there was a big mysterious person with a five-colored mask on the face. This person never talked, but this person’s strength was inestimable.

The old man and the young boy were in charge of the operation of [Letter Office], and the masked person was like a sharp sword that protected them.



* * *





Chapter 299




Chapter 299

Chapter 299: As If They Just Met (Part One)

No one was able to survive after taking one strike from the person with the five-colored mask, and no one knew where this person came from. Like an unsolved mystery, this person couldn’t be identified. However, anyone who was in the way of the [Letter Office] was taken out by this person.

As the war in the southern regions of Zenit got heated, as the military competition of Zenit was at its climax, only a few people knew that the underground forces at St. Petersburg got reshuffled. This was unknown to a lot of people. But to people who knew what happened, it was shocking like a loud thunder. It was opening the curtain to another bloody day.

This thunder-like change took place really fast.

In a short time, the mysterious organization [Letter Office] quickly acquired a few mercenary groups and other organizations by using the money from the old man and the young boy as well as the powerful strength of the masked person. Although it was still small, it established its ground. Like a poison that was odorless and colorless, it was quietly leaking into numerous forces around the region.

……

In the two days, the preliminary matches were completed.

After four days of battles, each of the five battle regions got their top ten masters as well as the top five kingdoms. The masters and kingdoms that lost were getting ready to go to the southern regions of Zenit for the war, and the masters and the kingdoms that are placed got a day of rest before the kingdom ranking matches.

The outcome of the kingdom ranking matches was important. The masters with higher ranks would get to have more control of the new legion. According to the Military Headquarters, the positions

of the legion commander, as well as upper-level officials of this new legion, would all be filled by the masters and kingdomsè representatives that were in the kingdom ranking matches. This alone was a delicious piece of meat, and none of the affiliated kingdoms in Zenit had gotten this chance since the establishment of Zenit. Because of this attractive offer, all the candidates of the kingdom ranking matches went crazy.

Chambord was invincible in the northern battle region. They defeated everyone including two powerful level 1 affiliated kingdoms and three top-tier level 2 affiliated kingdoms.

Out of the top ten masters in the northern battle region, eight of them were Chambordians. At the same time, the 50 Saint Seiyas also got a record of 24-0! It was a legendary record, and Chambord got the number one position in the team matches in the region.

The fact that a little level 6 affiliated kingdom became the only kingdom that didn’t drop a single match among all affiliated kingdoms shocked everyone once again. The young king of Chambord, as well as the warriors under his command, became stories told by many traveling poets. Almost everyone knew about it.

……

Powerful masters also appeared in other battle regions.

The king of Byzantine, Constantine, became the ninth seated master in the southern battle region, but his kingdom didn’t get placed in the top five kingdoms and lost the opportunity to continue forward. The [Fire and Wind Dual Warrior] of the Gudong Kingdom’s warriors, Huerk and Kanort, were the top 10 warriors of their battle region. [Bloody Duel Blade] who turned six of his opponents into skeletons was in the top ten, and [Silver Armored Vicious Sword] who Fei met was the number one warrior of the eastern battle region. Prince Cindy of Bulan was the number two

two warrior of the western battle region after [One Sword]……

Five battle regions, 50 masters, and 25 kingdoms were going to compete the next day.

In the last four days, more than 600 warriors died, more than 1,000 warriors got injured, and more than 2,000 normal soldiers suffered causalities. All these numbers were actually a lot lower. After all, since the war was coming, a lot of the kingdoms decided to go at it in a more peaceful manner; more strength should be saved for the invading enemies. However, the upcoming kingdom ranking matches were totally different. Since the commanding power of the new legion was up for grab, the matches would be bloody and cruel.

During the rest day before the kingdom ranking matches, [Zenit’s God of War]] Arshavin led [Iron Blood Legion], [Whip of the Thunderlord], and [Anger of the Fire Lord] to the gate of St. Petersburg for a pre-war ritual. The three legions that totaled more than 50,000 elite soldiers were going to go to the southern regions to take down the Spartax invaders. Except for the three legions, more than 100 royal mages were going to be with Arshavin as well. On top of that, four Executive Knights, [White Cloud Knight], [Shadow Knight], [Bloodthirst Knight], and [Punishment Knight] would follow along with their four Executive Cavalries that were equipped to the teeth.

The reinforcement to the south almost accounted for one-fifth of the empire’s military power. The troops were strong, and the commanding general Arshavin had never lost a war. For a moment, almost everyone got optimistic about the war.

Before the reinforcement troops left for the south, Fei met up with elder princess Tanasha who he last saw at [Hot Spring Gate].



Chapter 299: As If They Just Met (Part Two)

This time, Fei was the one who asked

who asked her to meet up by going through the knight captain Romain.

Chambord’s transformation wasn’t completed yet. Before Chambord was strong enough to handle everything on its own, Fei’s strategy was too hide under a big tree and enjoy the shade. Therefore, he couldn’t let the big tree Zenit die.

Although a lot of people were optimistic about Arshavin and believed that he could turn things around, Fei who had lived a life before coming to Azeroth Continent knew that there wasn’t a troop or a commanding general in the world that was truly invincible forever. During critical times, Fei knew that he needed to help the empire out.

His help was to provide a bunch of potions from Diablo World.

[Health Potion] could save elite soldiers’ lives, and it could allow the soldiers to fight for longer. [Stamina Potion] could instantly restore the vitality of the troops. [Mana Potion] could help the royal mages to regenerate their mana in a short time and turn battles around using their magic spells.

The only thing that made Fei a little disappointed was that this [Goddess of Intelligence] wasn’t even surprised when she received 30 bottles of [Health Potion], 40 bottles of [Stamina Potion], and 40 bottles of [Mana Potion]. It felt like she was expecting them.

For a moment, Fei felt like he had been seen through by this noble and beautiful woman who looked a little ill.

Although this princess looked a little ill, she didn’t look like she was going to die soon. When Fei just met her, even the priest from the Holy Church said that she only had half a year to live. Perhaps the [Full Rejuvenation Potion] Fei gave her worked, she looked a lot healthier compared to then.

“Alexander, the two formulas you gave me are really magical. The leading royal

The leading royal mage Lelouch and others had already made some potions. The only thing is that the success rates of the formulas are really low, and the effect of the potions aren’t as stable. The potions they made aren’t as effective as yours. After we ran some calculations, it seemed like the value of the potions barely surpassed the value of the ingredients and labor cost.”

The elder princess said to Fei with a smile on her face.

The princess who was really smart already guessed that Fei had hidden something from her, and what she said was like a test.

However, Fei only smiled back.

The two formulas Fei gave her in [Hot Spring Gate] were customized by Akara and Cain. The two “strategists” of Fei tailored the formulas so that the healing effect decreased and the number of ingredients increased.

Only Fei had the real formulas, and he wasn’t going to give them out to anyone.

Since the potions he gave to Tanasha just now were dilated by water and were just a little bit better than the potions other mages made, Fei was able to blame everything on the instability of the formulas.

“But since this war broke out, your formulas are really valuable. On top of that, you even supplied the empire with these potions. These would all be big merits on Chambord’s record!” Tanasha changed the topic after she saw Fei’s dull response.

“Thank you, your highness.” Fei continued with his smile.

Fei knew that this princess would be able to get information if he talked too much, so it was better for him to keep everything concise. It was obvious that this princess was on the side of Arshavin. Since Fei didn’t want to go to that side, there was now an unavoidable invisible barrier between the two of them.



* * *





Chapter 300




Chapter 300

Chapter 300: The Ranking of Masters (Part One)

“In three hours, my brother Andrew is going to lead the legions towards the southern regions. Alexander, what do you think about the upcoming war?” The Elder Princess was suddenly feeling a little down after Fei only smiled at her. She wanted to draw this young king to her party, but she somehow changed the topic as the words were about to be said.

“[Zenit’s God of War] his highness is invincible. He would definitely kill all the Spartax invaders!” Fei said.

“Really? You really think that? Don’t you think it is a little fishy that the Spartax troops suddenly broke through the defense line at Razor City? Before that, they couldn’t get through it for 15 days.”

Fei was really surprised.

“So this princess mean…… there are secrets behind this big loss that were intentionally covered?”

As Fei wanted to ask more questions, a team of cavaliers rushed by. The cavalier that got off of the horse first was Romain. After he greeted Fei politely, he whispered something into the Elder Princess’ ear.

“The reinforcement troops are about to have the pre-war ritual. I need to leave. Oh, right. I miss Angela. If there is time, please let Angela hang out with me at St. Petersburg. I think we have a special connection.”

The Elder Princess got up and said farewells to Fei. After she got on her magic carriage, she left for the ritual hosted by the [Zenit’s God of War] Arshavin. She was guarded by the girl Ziene, Romain, and Romain’s cavalry team.

Fei rubbed his chin as he watched her leave.

What the Elder Princess said pointed to something huge and terrifying.

Fei was actually thinking about that as well. Zenit had a lot of soldiers on the border, and so did Spartax. The two empires had similar numbers of soldiers. In addition, the general at Razor City was Bolun Zhang, a famous elder general. Even though he

wasn’t aggressive and good at attacking as Arshavin, he was better at defending and guarding. Since both empires had frictions with each other, they knew each other’s bottom-line pretty well. Razor City was a great place for defense since it was really hard to conquer, that made the one-night collapse of Zenit’s troops shocking.

Unless…… Spartax Empire doubled the number of soldiers it had on the border, or there were criminals who committed treason within the city and opened the gate to the enemies.

Neither of these explanations was good for Zenit.

Now, Fei realized that his idea of constructing Chambord’s own intelligence network by using Zolasc’s and Modric’s talent was an extraordinary idea. Although the power of this network was still weak and couldn’t help Fei out at the moment, it could grow rapidly. One day, it would give Fei information that others won’t have. He would be no longer relying on other people’s words to make estimations and judgments. He needed the best information to figure out the truth.

Compared with truth, even the most accurate judgment was inferior.

Fei thought about all of that as the Elder Princess and her people merged into the huge group of people in the ritual ceremony.

When he turned around, he saw Paris who was in her usual white dress; she was standing 10 meters away. She was looking at Fei with a weird expression.

“What? Your majesty, are you switching side now since Arshavin got a stronger advantage? Is that why you are showing such generosity to the Elder Princess?” Paris walked toward Fei as the usual coquettish smile appeared on the face that made numerous man fell in love. Although she was smiling, her tone was a little hostile. It was obvious that she saw Fei gifting potions to the Elder Princess.

Fei pointed at the char beside him and signaled this demonic woman to take a seat. He then laughed and said: “You are mistaking. The

The empire is in a critical time, and everyone has to support the empire. I’m just doing what an affiliated king should do. You know once if St. Petersburg falls, none of us can be safe and secure.

“I’m not going to sit on the seat that Tanasha sat on!” Paris stared at Fei as she pulled the chair Fei was sitting on. After she sat down on that chair, she pointed at another chair further away and said: “You also can’t sit on the chair she sat on.”

Fei curled his lips as he moved to the chair Paris was pointing at. He looked at the girl who was throwing a child-like tantrum and shook his head; he was a little scared of this intelligent yet playful woman. “Who said the Elder Prince is at an advantage? Maybe a lot of people are supporting him right now, but these people can’t ultimately determine who the throne is going to go to. Dominguez his highness is still loved by Yassin his majesty. Hehehe, maybe when the Elder Prince gets the victory and comes back, the person sitting on the throne is the Second Prince.”

These types of situations happened too frequent in ancient Chinese history. For example, the Elder Prince of Qing First Emperor (The First Emperor of the First Dynasty, Qing, of Ancient China.) was supported by the majority of the officials and nobles, and the prince had the control of more than a million soldiers. However, such a heroic figure got the throne robbed from him by his useless brother via schemes and tricks. That just went to prove that the battle of the throne happened on the political level and not on the battleground.



Chapter 300: The Ranking of Masters (Part Two)

After hearing Fei’s word, Paris smiled and got very lovely. She leaned her body forward and looked at Fei with her big and shiny eyes. “So you favor Dominguez his highness?”

his highness?” She asked softly.

Fei’s eyes slid down Paris’ face and peak at her cleavage sub-consciously. After that, he quickly laid back in his chair and laughed: “Does it matter who I favor?”

“Yes, it is really important.” Paris detected what Fei did, and she laughed proudly. She laid back in her chair and switched back to a serious face. “From the military order, the 244 affiliated kingdoms would need to come together and create a new legion, and the number one master in the kingdom ranking matches would be the commanding general of this legion. Alexander, you are one strong candidate for that position, and you might be the one who gets that power. Do you think that is not an important role?”

“Haha, yeah, I’m pretty important once you put it like that.”

Fei responded. As the sudden situations occurred, his status in the empire had changed dramatically. Before, he was an individual who only battled and fought with his own strength, and now he was like a major force at Zenit that had an effect on the highest level.

“Hehehe, you sure are not low-key about that. You should first try to see how you can become the number one warrior. There are too many young and talented warriors who made appearances in the competition thus far. They are all candidates for that number one position; your opponent isn’t just [One Sword].”

“If I want to become the number one, the rest of them can only watch!” Fei’s words expressed his absolute confidence in himself. This confidence came from Fei’s powerful individual strength.

“Yeah, but it is not wrong to be more careful.” Paris was shocked by the confidence that this young king had. A strange light flashed through her eyes, and she reminded Fei as she threw a thin booklet to Fei. The booklet was made with top-quality paper and craftsmanship.

“Look it through, it might be of help.” She said.

“The Estimated Rankings and Power

Rankings and Power Level – Masters from the five battle regions?”

Fei flipped through the booklet and saw detailed records of all 50 masters that made into the final round of matches including names, estimated power levels, break down of the combat techniques, battle styles, and habits. Fei saw his name first, then followed by [One Sword] and Princess Cindy of Bulan. Huerk and Kanort the [Fire and Wind Dual Warriors], [Bloody Duel Blade], and [Silver Armored Vicious Sword] who all had the chance facing Fei were all high-up on the list.

Constantine, the king of Byzantine, was ranked 33 on the list. Except for Fei, the highest-ranking master from Chambord was [Destructive Finger] Peter-Cech who was ranked 13, and the lowest-ranking master from Chambord was [Deadly Assassin of Shadow] Philip-Inzagi who was ranked 41.

Just from the ranking of these people alone, Fei was sure that the information recorded in the booklet had a lot of truth to it.

After Fe read through everything, he saw a line of fine print on the last page – “Zenit’s Number One Traveling Poet Matt Razi’s production. Limited to 100 copies. Selling Price: 10,000 gold coins.”

“Damn, this guy again.:

Matt Razi’s figure appeared in Fei’s head. “That guy must be a lover of money. No wonder his robe is flashy, and even his wine cup is made from gold. He sure knows how to make money the most efficient way.”

However, despite the greed, Matt Razi’s judgment was very accurate, and Fei believed 80% of what was in the booklet.

At this moment, a deep and loud bugle noise sounded.

Fei and Paris both look in the direction of the noise, and they found that the pre-war ritual just finished. Captain Romain was named the Herald, and he led 3,000 cavaliers as the first group of reinforcement to the south. The thunder-like clattering horse-hoof noises resonated in the area as the 3000 cavaliers rushed out of the ceremonial field and disappeared very fast.



* * *





Chapter 301




Chapter 301

Chapter 301: I Will Break Them with My Fists (Part One)

After the first group of 3000 cavaliers left for the southern regions, the place where the pre-war ceremony was hosted got noisy and a little chaotic; everyone was doing the last bit of preparation before the expedition. People were shouting, horses were neighing, and the wheels of carts and chariots were squeaking. The important figures at the Military Headquarters, noble families, and royal families all appeared around the troops to send them off. Dominguez and his parties showed up as well.

Fei was invited to come to the ceremony as well, but he didn’t show up.

In the cold weather, the moisture that left the bodies via breathing immediately froze and turned into the fog-like white “steam”. As more than 60,000 people breathed, these “steam” quickly went up to the sky and created a big dark “cloud”.

As the bugle sounded again, the three main battle legions started to march as well.

The scene was magnificent.

Fei was seeing such a scene in person for the first time. The spears and polearms were as tall and dense as a forest, and the soldiers marched on like the waves in the ocean. A serious and murderous atmosphere appeared. Tens of thousands of soldiers were all emitting such a sensation, and such sensation got more powerful as they were combined. Although it was intangible, it was truly spectacular. Even the “cloud” in the sky got a huge hole in it as it got broken by this sensation. It was a shocking phenomenon.

This aggregated murderous sensation even made Fei who was a powerful master warrior feel tiny and insignificant.

The troops rushed by like a blood flood. At this time, Fei finally saw the [Zenit’s God of War], Arshavin, who was surrounded by his elite guards. The man was riding on

a white horse and wearing a shiny black armor; he looked confident and proud.

Under the classic Zenit royal flag that had a two-headed polar bear on it, the commanding general of more than 60,000 soldiers looked majestic and pressing. His every single action drew the attention of the soldiers, and he looked invincible in his current form.

Fei clearly sensed that the murderous and broad sensations of all the soldiers were somehow enveloping this [Zenit’s God of War]. It felt like all of the soldiers’ strength were aggregated onto this man.

Under such boost, Arshavin’s not-so-tall figure looked huge, and a terrifying and glorious sensation that Fei had never sensed came off of Arshavin.

Suddenly, it seemed like this [Zenit’s God of War] also sensed something. He turned his head around and stared at Fei. He also noticed Paris who was standing by Fei.

The atmosphere between Fei and Arshavin was very subtle.

Although they were still quite far away, Fei seemed to have heard the “Humph” that came out of Arshavin’s nose.

As if that sound carried the strength of all the soldiers, Fei felt like it was a condemn from the gods that came down from the sky. It made Fei also felt a little indefensible.

This was the moment that Fei realized Arshavin didn’t get his nickname for nothing.

Arshavin wasn’t a bright character in Fei’s eyes. Although the man was a six-star warrior, he was only on par with the Executive Knights; he wasn’t a top master warrior in the empire. After Fe defeated the four Executive Knights, he no longer treated this [Zenit’s God of War] as a threat.

But at this moment, Fei realized that Arshavin’s nickname didn’t come from his individual strength; it was from his military commanding abilities, it was from his confidence and strategy of controlling tens of thousands of soldiers.

Arshavin was only

only [Zenit’s God of War] when he had tens of thousands of soldiers under his command. Like a [God of War], he was able to predict the enemy’s next move, and he was able to make plans to conquer everything. He was truly invincible.

Fei felt like he was slightly inferior to Arshavin at a moment like this.

Fei asked himself a lot of questions such as: “Can I be as confident and tightly grasped the strength of tens of thousands of soldiers when I’m in command just like this prince?”

The answer was obviously no.

Fei was a little distracted by his own thoughts.

“Hehehe, what? You are also shocked by the Elder Prince?”

The smart Paris saw Fei’s expression and knew what he was thinking about. She spoke gently as she tried to comfort Fei.

“Alexander, you don’t need to be better than everyone at everything. There isn’t a perfect person in this world; even the gods are not perfect. There are a lot of people in the empire that don’t like the Elder Prince just like me, but everyone has to admit that Arshavin is one of the most promising and proficient generals Zenit had since its establishment. In terms of only leading the troops and engaging in wars, no one in Zenit is the Elder Prince’s match except Emperor Yassin himself. A man like him is born for wars. All of his talents came from the gods. As long as he has soldiers under his command, he would be the star of the show. He would be the [God of War]!”

Chapter 301: I Will Break Them with My Fists (Part Two)

As Fei heard the heartfelt comments Paris had about Arshavin, Fei gradually realized that he had never truly understood Arshavin. There were many people and many things that Fei didn’t have the chance to understand.

However –

“Doesn’t matter

–

“Doesn’t matter how many soldiers he is commanding, I will break them with my fists!”

Fei quickly got out of the negative emotions, and his confidence boosted as he clenched his fists.

He understood the essence. There were many paths to success. Perhaps that Arshavin’s path was to command armies, but Fei liked another path – he didn’t want to rely on others for safety including his henchmen.

Real powerful warriors didn’t need soldiers and troops; they only needed themselves.

Only being invincible individually meant invincible forever.

“I have my own path!”

Paris didn’t expect Fei to break free from the presence that the Elder Princess created with the help of his soldiers.

For some reason, she suddenly thought of someone else –

Six years ago, that handsome young man who liked having the disabled dog in his arms stood on the defense wall of St. Petersburg and watched [Zenit’s God of War] coming back home after another victory. It was the first time that the two of them met, and Dominguez only seemed to be shocked for a split second as well. He then yawned and murmured: “Boring…… raising my puppy is better than leading the troops……”

“Oh, I’m curious about one more thing. In about half a month, the battle of the Martial Saints of the two empires is going to take place. Since the two empires are in a war, is the battle going to happen on time?” Fei switched the topic as he looked up at the Martial Saint Mountain that was high-up in the sky.

“On Azeroth Continent, nothing can affect the battle between the Martial Saints once the [Martial Saint Invitation] had been issued. The outburst of the war would only make it more meaningful.” Paris fixed her fluttering hair and answered: “The battle between the Martial Saints would greatly affect the state of the war. The battle between

The battle between them is just as important as the actual war happening in the southern regions.”

“Then do you know what is the likeliness of Martial Saint Krasic winning?” Fei asked.

“No one can defeat Mr. Krasic!” Paris responded firmly.

Fei was silent.

He really didn’t know this Martial Saint, and he didn’t know how powerful this Mr. Krasic was. A Moon-Class Elite? A Sun-Class Lord? It felt like every citizen of Zenit worshiped this Martial Saint. The craze even made Paris who was a really intelligent person to have complete confidence in him.

“Who is this man?” Fei wondered.

After they talked about some non-important stuff, Fei left first.

“Alexander, remember your promise.” Paris suddenly said as she stared at Fei’s back.

“Huh?”

“Remember? As long as I ask, you have to help Dominguez his highness out, even if it is only one strike.” Paris said in a loud voice. Fei felt like he was hallucinating; he felt like Paris was waiting for his response, and she was a little nervous to hear the answer.

“Eh.”

……

……

The reinforcement troops of Zenit crossed Moro Mountains like a black dragon, and they disappeared on the horizon as hundreds of thousands of citizens prayed for them.

After Fei left, he didn’t hurry back to Chambord. He went undercover and wandered around the camp area. After he observed all the kingdoms that made into the final round of matches for about one hour, he walked to the campsite of the level 6 affiliated kingdom Byzantine.

After Fei showed his identity, the alerted Byzantinian were all surprised.

Fei quickly received a warm welcome, and the young king Constantine even rushed out of his tent before he had the chance of putting on shoes. He and his queen Izabella both came out of the tent and greeted Fei with the highest honor.

Almost all the people at Byzantine treated Fei like the lord and savior.



* * *





Chapter 302




Chapter 302

Chapter 302: Overall Increase (Part One)

Almost everyone at Byzantine treated Fei like their lord and savior.

They all knew that if it wasn’t for the king of Chambord, they could still be that weak southern kingdom that everyone was able to bully. Since this king helped them out at their lowest times and gave them a lot of top-tier weapons and armors, they were able to make a name for themselves. Their king Constantine was even able to become one of top ten master warriors in the southern battle region.

However, Fei didn’t stay here for too long.

He was here to solve the issue with the [Seven Injures Fist] that Constantine was practicing.

After Fei did some close inspections, he realized that the young king’s internal organs were damaged. Organs such as the heart, the lungs, the liver, and the stomach were all damaged to various degrees, and they were all beyond Fei’s estimations.

Fei suspected that the young king was too eager for progress. Constantine must have over-practiced. Although that did bring his mastery of the technique up, the damages his organs suffered was amplified as well.

“Here is a Six-Star Wood-Elemental Training Scroll. It only has the part on condensing warrior energy and using the wood-elemental warrior energy to heal the body. You can connect this warrior energy with the [Seven Injures Fist]. By using the two together, the power of the [Seven Injures Fist] will increase, and the negative side-effect of it will be temporally minimized.”

Fei gave a copy of the Six-Star Wood-Elemental Training Scroll to Constantine.

It was from that mysterious man of course.

In these few days, Fei would ask very specific questions and murmur to himself about other issues he was facing. Although that mysterious man rarely talked, he would always

bring Fei either some of Emperor Yassin’s handwritten notes or some high-level training scrolls and magic scrolls.

Since Fei had the opportunity, he asked for some training scrolls that he needed at the moment. It wasn’t for him, but rather for his subordinates.

For example, this Wood-Elemental Warrior Energy Training Scroll was prepared for King Constantine.

In the Wuxia Novel, the main character Zhang Wuji was able to use the [Seven Injures Fist] without getting organ damages because he had a lot of Internal Force. (Wuxia Concept that is similar to Warrior Energy) In addition, because of the Internal Force he had, his [Seven Injures Fist] got even stronger because of it. Since Fei couldn’t find a Wuxia Internal Force Scroll, the Wood-Elemental Warrior Energy Scroll would do the job. The wood-elemental warrior energy was able to heal one’s self and was the elemental warrior energy that was closest to the Internal Force.

Just to make sure that his hypothesis was correct, Fei tried it out himself before giving it to Constantine. His body was special and can’t learn the warrior energy. It was perfect for testing because nothing would stick. After he was sure of its effects, Fei gave this scroll to Constantine.

The value of a Six-Star Warrior Energy Training Scroll was inestimable. Many affiliated kingdoms hadn’t even seen such scrolls before. Constantine couldn’t thank Fei enough after he saw what he was getting. He took the scroll and wanted to treat Fei to a dinner of the highest honor, but Fei refused.

There were just too many things that Fei had to take care of.

The kingdom ranking matches were tomorrow, and the battles would be crueler. If anyone wasn’t careful, they would die on the stage. Fei had to try his best to level

level up the leaders of Chambord.

After Fei returned, he decided to train alone first.

He didn’t go into Diablo World this time; he switched to Assassin Mode and carefully sensed the flow of Zen Energy in his body. He was experimenting and refining the Warrior Energy and Combat Technique Scrolls he was working on these couple of days.

After the initial boost, the progression slowed down for the leaders of Chambord. Their strengths no longer increased in a dramatic fashion.

Fei knew that it wasn’t because of their talents.

After drinking [Hulk Potions], the warrior energy channels of the leaders of Chambord all got widened. Their bodies also got purified. Their talents for cultivation got better.

Although they weren’t as comparable to the natural geniuses, they weren’t bad at all.

The true reason why their progression slowed down was that their training scrolls were all low-leveled. After all, the scrolls Fei created such as [Lightning Speed Fists] and [Corpse-Piling Shock Wave] were all based on Two to Three-Star Warrior Energy Training Scrolls Fei got from Priest Zola. Even though Fei increased the warrior energy channels and made them into Four-Star Training Scrolls, they were not enough at the moment.

Lampard was able to use the [Lightning Speed Fists] which was a top-tier Four-Star Training Scroll and become a five-star warrior. This former Chambord’s number one warrior was able to achieve this because he had his own secrets that Fei didn’t know about. All other leaders of Chambord were currently four-star warriors.



Chapter 302: Overall Increase (Part Two)

The Four-Star Training Scrolls were the obstacles.

As time passed, making better and more powerful scrolls for his henchmen was Fei’s priority.

Fei was able to use his “thick face” and get a few high-level training scrolls from the mysterious man. With better foundations and higher-level

and higher-level Assassin character, Fei was able to revamp the scrolls that all the main leaders of Chambord had. More warrior energy channels were created, and all the scrolls now allowed the leaders at Chambord to get to the level of Seven-Star.

These new scrolls were enough for the next while.

After four hours, Fei finally finished working on more than a dozen new training scrolls.

Since it was still early in the day, Fei summoned the leaders of Chambord into his central tent one by one. As a reward for good performances at the competition, people like Pierce and Drogba were all given the new training scrolls.

“Seven-Star Training Scrolls?” Everyone who received the scrolls was shocked and surprised as they saw the description of the scrolls; their hands even started to shake.

These training scrolls were top-tier in the empire. Even the Executives Knights of Zenit only had Seven to Eight-Star Training Scrolls. It wouldn’t be an exaggeration if someone said that there were less than a hundred Seven-Star Training Scrolls at Zenit. Out of these scrolls, most of them were created by Emperor Yassin, and they were hard to learn and use. Otherwise, the Executives Knights won’t stay in the realm of Six-Star this long.

“Remember, owning a Seven-Star Training Scroll doesn’t mean that you can easily become a seven-star warrior. The path of cultivation is always filled with blood and sweat. These scrolls would only give you guys the potential opportunity of becoming seven-star warriors.”

As Fei saw the craze and excitement in his henchmen’s eyes, he didn’t forget to “pour cold water” and cool them down. “Remember, only the people who have extreme persistence and are willing to work extremely hard can become high-level star warriors. The level of Six-Star is the first threshold all

first threshold all warriors have to face. If you pass it, you would get the chance to advance into a Moon-Class Elite. Otherwise, you would never get there. Therefore, the people who can’t get there won’t get future training scrolls from me.”

Fei wasn’t trying to scare them.

Even though he was using Diablo World to level up, he was stuck at the level of Six-Star for a long time; he lacked the granular control, the techniques, the theories, and the foundations. He was only able to get to the level of Seven-Star after that mysterious man saw his weakness and provided him with the notes from Emperor Yassin.

It took Fei who was a talented and genius warrior more than half a month to get through level Six-Star. It was extremely difficult for regular warriors to get through it. The reason why Fei said those words was because he didn’t want the leaders of Chambord to stop working hard and rely on him for everything.

“As you command, your majesty. We won’t disappoint you.”

All the leaders thanked Fei earnestly with one knee on the ground.

Fei gestured and told everyone to exit the tent except Cech, Oleg, and Torres.

“The kingdom ranking matches are happening tomorrow. I’m going to gift you guys the complete Star Saint Set.”

As Fei said that, a white light flashed by and three black iron chests appeared in the tent. The chests were made from [Demon’s Remains] and [Black Stone Essences]. They were each one cubic meter big, and there were three beautiful engravings on them. One looked like a centaur archer pulling a bow, one looked like a weird-looking and ferocious crab, and the last one looked like a huge and agile scorpion that had its tail in the air.



* * *





Chapter 303




Chapter 303

Chapter 303: Second Bloodline (Part One)

Sagittarius Star Saint Set.

Scorpio Star Saint Set.

Cancer Star Saint Set.

These three Star Saint Sets were all made by Charsi in Diablo World. They were all made from [Demon’s Remains] and [Black Stone Essences]. The Cancer Star Saint Set had 60 components, the Sagittarius Star Saint Set had 115 components, and the Scorpio Star Saint Set had 100 components. The number of the components corresponded with the number of stars in the constellations. Each component in the Star Saint Set represented the power of a star.

Before this, Fei already gave Oleg and Torres partial Star Saint Sets. As the two people got stronger, they were qualified to use the complete Star Saint Set.

Cech, on the other hand, didn’t get a Star Saint Set early on. Fei wasn’t sure which constellation Cech represented until these two days when Cech dominated the matches and used his fingers to crush his enemies. One of the twelve Golden Saint Seiya, Scorpio Milo, who used his fingers to cast [Scarlet Needle], and it was very similar to Cech’s cultivation path.

Therefore, Fei decided to gift Cech the Scorpio Star Saint Set.

It had been a while since Fei used the skill [Given].

The cold and mysterious voice sounded by Fei’s ear, and Fei confirmed the use of the skill.

In the next moment, the three black iron chests suddenly emitted a mysterious and vicissitudinous glare. As if it was blessed by the power of the stars, the chests flowed into the air and opened. Three metal beast-like armors appeared.

Then, something magical happened. Cech, Torres, and Oleg also flowed into the air as if they were pulled by a mysterious force. The

three armors broke into their components, and they dashed at the three people and covered them.

After the mysterious and vicissitudinous glare disappeared, the armors perfectly covered the three people. All the vital spots on their bodies were covered by the components, and the armors were in alignment 100% with human anatomy and beauty. With the impressive appearance, the three warriors looked like three invincible gods.

That was the power of Star Saint Sets.

One day, the Saint Seiyas of Chambord would shock this continent with their Star Saint Sets and Star Powers.

After they got the Star Saint Set, Cech, Oleg, and Torres felt an unprecedented power in them.

This power was ancient and vicissitudinous just like the stars. Although the power was still a little weak at the current stage, the Saint Seiyas would be able to punch through the sky and tear the land like the gods in legends in the future. Everything was only contingent on the level of effort. As long as they practiced the method of connecting with the star in the heaven that suddenly appeared in their heads, they would get stronger and stronger.

[Given] didn’t just provide the three warriors with the Star Saint Sets and Star Properties, it also gave them the seeds of Star Power that were waiting to be awakened.

After experiencing the initial excitement and shock, the three warriors soon got used to summoning and putting away the Star Saint Sets. The powerful Star Saint Sets turned into three bright dots and dashed into the location between their eyebrows.

“This Seven-Star Warrior Energy Training Scroll also contains a very special combat technique; its name is [Scarlet Needle]. It should fit you very well.”

well.” Fei gave a finger-strike technique to Cech; it was really similar to the [Scarlet Needle], so Fei just named it that.

After the three warriors left the central tent, Fei was alone.

Issues with progression for the Chambord warriors were solved. Fei only had one remaining issue – Elena’s progression.

Currently, Elena was level 57. With her four magic elemental arrows, her damage was very lethal. She was able to fight against mid-tier and top-tier six-star warriors and mages. Although her damage was great, her defense was lacking. That was a big issue.

Although Fei tried his best and got Elena a few very good magic items, they couldn’t solve the root problem. Elena’s body wasn’t tough enough to handle the strikes that she might face the next day.

Fei felt a little helpless. [Hulk Potion] had zero effect on Elena who was from Diablo World, and the scrolls that Fei created couldn’t be used by Elena. Elena was a very important person in Fei’s life, but Fei just couldn’t do anything to help the situation.

After Fei thought about it for more than half an hour in the central tent, he didn’t come to a good solution.

Since it was still early, Fei decided to go into Diablo World and level up first.

After these two days of killing, Fei’s Barbarian character was already level 64. He got a lot of skills points and attribute points. On top of leveling up the basic and fundamental skills, Fei learned a few new ones such as [Leap Attack] and [Berserk]. As he got stronger, his physical strength increased at an even more dramatic fashion. He now could easily break a low-tier level 5 Blue Magic Sword

Magic Sword with his hands.

According to the ranking system on Azeroth, Fei was almost an eight-star warrior.



Chapter 303: Second Bloodline (Part Two)

If he was facing the four Executive Knights that he faced on the Sword-Testing Stage again, he was confident that he could defeat the four of them using only one strike.

After all, the difference between eight-star warriors and six-star warriors wasn’t just in the title. It was a difference in the realm. If the four Executive Knights couldn’t break through the six-star threshold, they won’t be able to achieve anything else in their lives.

……

Fei entered Diablo World and found Elena who was practicing her archery outside a tent in [Rogue Encampment]. Shooting 10,000 arrows a day was the basic daily training that this beautiful female mercenary never missed. With this level of practice, she was able to close her eyes and shoot an ant 500 meters away. If she wanted, she could instantly shoot out 100 arrows and formed a lethal arrow formation. If the regular arrows were replaced by the terrifying magic arrows, the power was just unimaginable.

It was still morning in Diablo World. The other rogue archers were all in Chambord right now. They were either guarding the kingdom or helping Brook to train Chambord archers. The Military Leader Kashya was also nowhere to be seen, so Elena was the only person in the camp.

Fei and Elena packed some supplies and entered the third map [Kurast Docks]. It was another boring yet loving day of killing monsters and leveling up.

Fei had already completed two of the six quests here, and he was halfway through completing the third quest.

After he completed the second quest [Blade of the

[Blade of the Old Religion], he was too occupied with killing monsters and didn’t get the chance to return the [The Gidbinn Blade] he found in the [Flayer Jungle]. Since he was passing by the city of [Kurast Docks] now, he found NPC Ormus and returned the blade. After that, he found another NPC Asheara to receive his reward.

Fei remembered that he would get another powerful mercenary as a partner from Asheara in the game from his previous life.

However, since Fei already had the beautiful and powerful partner Elena, he wasn’t too interested in another mercenary. That was the reason why he didn’t rush back to [Kurast Docks] to return [The Gidbinn Blade] once he got it. Now, Fei just wanted to wrap up the quest and move on.

However, Fei was surprised by the information the dull NPC gave him.

“Congratulations! After completing the quest, you can choose the second bloodline for your mercenary. Please choose now!”

As Fei was talking to Asheara, Asheara suddenly said that to him. Fei was confused by what it meant. As Fei was trying to understand what this NPC had said, images of seven characters got projected in front of him. Each of the characters was vivid, and each of them had different armors and weapons. Although they were only projections, the power sensation coming off of them was strong.

Fei instantly understood what this NPC meant.

Each of the characters represented a class in Diablo World; they were Barbarian, Paladin, Assassin, Amazon, Sorceress, Necromancer, and Druid.

Fei was now able to choose one of the seven classes as Elena’s second bloodline, and Elena would be able to have the skills and attributes of another class.



* * *





Chapter 304




Chapter 304

Chapter 304: Dragon Fist…… Dragon Fist…… (Part One)

Fei suddenly understood what was going on.

No wonder Elena couldn’t use the scrolls that Fei created nor the scrolls that were on Azeroth Continent for a long time. There was a hidden path of cultivation that was pre-setup for the mercenaries of Diablo World.

“Which one should I choose?”

Fei thought about it and looked at Elena who didn’t notice anything. It seemed like Elena couldn’t hear anything that this NPC said and couldn’t see the seven characters projection in front of Fei. Therefore, Fei explained what was going on to Elena. After all, she should choose since it was about her future cultivation.

Elena lightly caressed the bowstring on her bow. Her slender and smooth hands didn’t have any calluses that archers typically had. After Fei explained the pros and cons of each class to her, she seemed to have thought about it for a bit. Suddenly, she burst into laughter as Fei looked at her earnestly.

“Alexander, can you choose for me?” She asked.

This was the first time that Elena joked with Fei.

Fei was shocked by the prankster-like smile on this Valkyrie’s face. He felt like his eyes were burned by the unprecedented beauty, and everything around Elena had lost their colors and brilliance.

Finally, Fei chose Paladin as Elena’s second bloodline.

Among the seven classes, Paladin wasn’t as agile as Assassin and wasn’t as tough as Barbarian. However, it was good at both offense and defense. With the powerful self-healing and support abilities, she would be in great coordination with Fei.

Elena’s current class was in between Amazon and Sorceress, and Fei didn’t want her to become a Druid that would transform into beasts and a Necromancer that played around with corpses. After giving it some thought, Fei believed that Paladin was the most suitable class for Elena.

After Fei

confirmed the selection, a dash of white flames flowed out of NPC Asheara’s body and merged into Elena’s forehead.

“There are a lot of new knowledge in my head…… they were never there before.”

Elena soon sensed the changes in her body.

It was a vague and strange feeling. Like how Fei gave Star Properties to people like Lampard, the reward of this quest gave the beautiful female mercenary a seed of new power. As long as she continued to kill monsters and accumulate experience points, this seed would grow into a tall tree that would soar into the sky.

After this was done, the two of them continued the third quest of [Kurast Docks].

The name of the quest was [Khalim’s Will]. It was a quest of collecting items, and it was very hard to complete. Fei and Elena had to go to places like [Spider Forest], [Flayer Jungle], and [Lower Kurast] to collect different items. They would then need to use Horadric Cube to transform them into the scepter [Khalim’s Will].

This scepter had unbelievable power and was needed to destroy the Compelling Orb that protected the final boss of [Kurast Docks], Mephisto. It was closely tied to the final quest [The Guardian] which required Fei to defeat Mephisto.

In the last few days of killing monsters, Fei had already collected the first few items. Since the required items were at different locations, getting to them wasted a lot of time. Currently, Fei still needed the last item.

In the next four hours, Fei and Elena moved towards the last item [Khalim’s Heart] and killed monster along the way. The two of them carefully searched the [Sewers of the Kurast Bazaar] with blood and chipped bones of monsters on their bodies, and they finally found [Khalim’s Heart] before the time limit of the day was up.

Fei didn’t choose to

to go back to [Kurast Docks] to transform the items into the scepter. Rather, he spent 50,000 gold coins and got some potions. These potions might save lives of Chambord tomorrow during the kingdom ranking matches. Then, he left Diablo World.

……

It was about evening in the real world.

The daytime during winter was really short, and the night came really quick. Darkness soon enveloped the world.

When Fei returned to his central tent, his bodyguard Torres came by and told him that Angela got invited by the Elder Princess Tanasha and she was at Tanasha’s palace right now. Tanasha sent another message to Fei later and said that Angela would be staying for the night as there was a party going on.

Fei lightly frowned, and he understood what Tanasha was trying to do.

However, it was good for Angela to experience parties where there were a lot of nobles and influential figures. If she liked those kinds of parties, Fei was willing to let her participate in more of those. After all, Fei wanted Angela to be happy and worry less.

After the simple dinner, the entire Chambord was focused on training and cultivation.

Chapter 304: Dragon Fist…… Dragon Fist…… (Part Two)

After warriors of Chambord got new training scrolls, they started to put in hard work. All of them wanted to quickly increase their strength before the matches the next day, and they wanted to defeat the opponents and get their king the control of the legion that was about to be formed.

The stars were really bright in winter’s nights.

Like always, Fei switched to Assassin Mode and dashed out of the camp area. He went to the battlefield in Moro Mountains and waited for the mysterious man to arrive.

Practicing and battling with the mysterious man at night was a rare learning experience for Fei.

The king of Chambord treated this

treated this mysterious man as a boss in Diablo World. Using all strength to battle an opponent who was much stronger than him was a great practice. Fei’s potential would be developed, and it was a good warm-up before Fei had to face the real bosses in Diablo World.

For some reason, the mysterious man didn’t show up yet.

Under Assassin Mode, Fei only used five minutes to get through the most powerful magic array surrounding the battlefield. Also, only one-third of his spiritual power was used.

As Fei’s strength increased, his spiritual power also increased dramatically as he followed the training methods documented in the purple scroll. It was no longer a challenge for him to get through the magic arrays, and it meant that the effectiveness of the training via traveling through magic arrays would decrease a lot.

If it wasn’t for the mysterious man, Fei won’t even bother coming to this battlefield anymore.

After two hours, just as Fei thought the mysterious man was not going to come, that thin and cold figure appeared.

Like always, the man tossed a delicately framed booklet to Fei as a daily gift.

Fei flipped open the booklet and found that this booklet contained more than a dozen high-level combat techniques. Every single combat technique was clearly explained, and the areas of improvement were clearly noted. What made Fei more excited was that the author of the booklet was still Emperor Yassin! Compared with Warrior Energy Training Scrolls, this booklet was more valuable. A high-level combat technique was a powerful trump card; it allowed lower-level warriors to defeat warriors who were in higher-levels.

A booklet like this would allow Fei to understand each of the combat techniques, and he would be able to create a lot more high-level combat technique for the Saint Seiyas based on this booklet under Assassin Mode.

“Thanks, elder!” Fei was

elder!” Fei was very happy.

Last night, Fei intentionally murmured the following lines to the mysterious man’s ear “Eh, how can I live without high-level combat techniques? As long as I can get my hands on a few high-level combat techniques……”

It felt like the mysterious man could do anything. After hearing Fei’s words, he was able to bring Fei a booklet that had at least 16 high-level combat techniques in it.

After these days of interactions, Fei was no longer careful and cautious when talking with this mysterious man. Although this man didn’t like to talk, he was a good person who was cold on the outside but caring on the inside. Therefore, Fei treated the mysterious man like an elder; he was really relaxed and intimate.

What followed was the ten strikes agreement.

As dust flowed in the air, Fei got beat by the mysterious man hard. He tried his best and was lucky enough to not get his bones fractured.

After ten minutes, Fei bent his back and placed his hands on his knees; he breathed heavily like a dog.

He had already given up on estimating this mysterious man’s strength. Didn’t matter how much progress Fei made these days, the mysterious man could still easily defeat Fei as if he was beating a baby. The difference in strength between them couldn’t be measured.

Fei was sure that the mysterious man was a Moon-Class Elite Warrior, but he wasn’t sure which level this man was on.

“See you tomorrow night.”

After the battle, the mysterious man pointed out the areas where Fei could still improve on.

As the man was about to leave, Fei suddenly got close to him and murmured: “Damn, I’m really curious about Emperor Yassin’s most famous [Dragon Fist]. I really wonder what kind of technique it is…… Only if I can see the technique scroll myself……”



* * *





Chapter 305




Chapter 305

Chapter 305: Two Kinds of Envious Treasures (Part One)

“Bam.”

After hearing Fei’s words, the mysterious man who was about to leave staggered and almost fell down.

“Damn, this little bastard dares to greed about [Dragon Fist]? He wants to see the technique scroll?” The man thought to himself.

The man who was always calm and collected almost lost his usual temperament.

Among hundreds of empires around Zenit, [Dragon Fist] was agreed by all to be a Moon-Class Combat Technique. It was named the [Number One Technique Among Ten Thousand Empires]. Many famous warriors had estimated that this technique created by genius warrior Yassin had the potential of becoming a Sun-Class Combat Technique.

A Sun-Class Combat Technique! It was something that was brighter than legends in the eyes of regular warriors.

A Sun-Class Combat Technique was a huge legend in itself.

It was ultra-precious!

For many years, numerous superpowers spent a lot of resources and wanted to just view the technique scroll of [Dragon Fist]. However, none of them was able to do so didn’t matter what kind of tricks or tactics they used. That was enough to further prove the preciousness of it.

Looking at it from another perspective, this technique was no longer just a combat technique; it was like the symbol of royalty. In Zenit, Emperor Yassin was the only person who mastered it. Even Arshavin and Dominguez who were the two princes that were most likely to inherit the throne hadn’t even seen it.

Now, this little greedy king dared to think about getting [Dragon Fist]?

The mysterious man felt the urge of turning around and smashing the greedy king into the ground.

However, he held back his emotions. He stabilized his body and took a deep breath. He then turned into a dash of light and disappeared into

the darkness.

“Eh? Didn’t say anything? Hehe. So, he agreed to bring me [Dragon Fist]?”

Fei was looking forward to meeting the mysterious man tomorrow night.

……

……

When Fei returned to the campsite, the stars were fading away as the sun appeared on the horizon.

The new day was about to start, and the people of Chambord already got up and were getting ready for the day. After the warriors of Chambord got the training scrolls from Fei, they all rushed back to their tents and started the training. Since all the scrolls were created by Fei, they were very similar. With the foundation of cultivating via previous low-level training scrolls, they made good progress. Currently, they were all still in training.

Peter-Cech was the only exception. Because he had to organize the Saint Seiyas and select the most powerful ones for the upcoming team battles, he stopped the training and got to work.

Everyone at Chambord was giving their all.

All of them knew that the kingdom ranking matches was an opportunity that Chambord couldn’t miss.

A day ago, the Military Headquarters of Zenit decided that the number one warrior of this competition will be the commanding general of the new legion, and the top 20 warriors would all be placed in key roles in the new legion. This was Chambord’s opportunity.

Everyone could see that Chambord was powerful to a large degree.

Out of the ten master seats in the northern battle region, Chambord alone occupied eight. If they could maintain this moment, Fei might have complete control of this new legion.

As a result, Chambord Kingdom might become the most powerful affiliated kingdom of Zenit.

Although Fei didn’t set any real goals for Chambord, every master warrior of Chambord was working hard for their king; they all wanted to get into

into the top ten in the ranking matches. If Fei actually became the number one warrior and the commanding general of the new legion, they would be able to help Fei to have complete control of the new legion.

After seeing his busy subordinates, Fei understood their intentions and was very glad.

The Chambord that was loose and could be bullied by anyone was now extremely powerful and focused. With everyone focusing on the same objectives, the power the could exert by Chambord was on another level. Fei who was the creator of this felt a strong sense of achievement.

After a long day and a long evening, Fei used the few hours during the dawn to rest a little and relax his nerves in the central tent.



Chapter 305: Two Kinds of Envious Treasures (Part Two)

When Fei woke up, the sun was already up in the sky.

The camp area was very noisy. Although it was a chilly winter day, the atmosphere around the camp area was hyped and heated. Everyone was rushing towards the first ten Sword-Testing Stages; they wanted to get a good location with great views as they couldn’t wait to see the battles between the top 50 warriors of the empire.

After Fei finished his breakfast that his maids prepared, he started to get ready.

The only thing that Fei was a little worried about was that Angela who went to Tanasha’s palace last night still hadn’t returned; it was almost noon. Today was one of the most important days for Chambord, and Angela would definitely come back to cheer Fei on. Fei wasn’t sure if something happened and made Angela a little behind schedule.

Fei thought about it and send a few clever Saint Seiyas to St. Petersburg with his identification to check what

check what was going on.

As the drumming that signified the beginning of the matches started to sound, Fei led the warrior of Chambord who made into the top 50 list towards the Sword-Testing Stages.

After the bloody battles in the northern battle region, Chambord had eight warriors who made onto the list.

Except Fei, there was [White Haired Fast Sword] Paul-Pierce, [Black Haired Vicious Fist] Didier-Drogba, [Desperation Creator] Fatty Oleg, [Destructive Finger] Peter-Cech, [Son of Wind] Fernando-Torres, [Deadly Assassin of Shadow] Philip-Inzagi, and [Goddess of Archery] Elena who only appeared during the last few battles and was named the female master whose beauty could rival against Princess Cindy.

Except them, the last two seats in the northern battle region went to two level 1 affiliated kingdoms.

To all the affiliated kingdoms in the northern battle region, this year’s competition was the darkest.

Chambord was too dominating, and all other affiliated kingdoms didn’t even see the chance of getting placed; even their most powerful warriors couldn’t win one match against the warriors of Chambord. If Chambord had more warriors participating in the matches, the two level 1 affiliated kingdoms might not even get the last two seats.

The only thing that the affiliated kingdoms in the northern battle region were glad about was that the warriors of Chambord weren’t murderous.

Although the eight master warriors of Chambord including Fei appeared barbaric and rough, none of them actually killed anyone on the stage. This action won over the support and gratitude of some affiliated kingdom, and northern battle region had the lowest casualties out of all five battle regions.

The sun was getting hotter and hotter, and Fei and his subordinates attracted numerous people’s attention.

In the camp area, people from kingdoms that got eliminated and kingdoms that were still in the competition followed

the competition followed behind Chambord’s team. They all wanted to see what this team was capable of today.

The location of the final matches was at the ten Sword-Testing Stages in the central region of the camp area.

After [Zenit’s God of War] Arshavin led the legions to the southern regions of the empire, the No. 1 to No. 10 Sword-Testing Stages were reconstructed and upgraded. The royal mages of Zenit had set up even more powerful mages arrays around the stages. The warriors who will be fighting on them were the most powerful warriors of the empire, and their damages were high. Without protective magic arrays, the stages might collapse after one strike.

As Fei got close to the central region, he saw ten huge blue half-spheres that emitted water-elemental magic power.

They were the fancy effect of the magic arrays [Sky Water Curtain].

As time passed, the 50 masters all arrived.

Except for the masters who were going to battle, there were a lot of high-level officials and people from noble families. The person who was hosting the kingdom ranking matches was the Second Prince Dominguez who people thought was no longer Emperor Yassin’s favorite after the war started.

The chilly wind fluttered the red cape of Dominguez.

The young prince who was standing on the stage and was in a set of silver armor looked handsome and valiant. He stole the brilliance of the sun and immediately became the center of the attention. Dominguez and Arshavin were two completely different people. The gods loved the two princes of Zenit, and they gave them two different treasures that people were envious about; one was a perfect and handsome appearance, and the other was the ability to command the military naturally and be invincible on the battlefield.



* * *





Chapter 306




Chapter 306

Chapter 306: Chambord’s Steps (Part One)

Some wise people saw a lot of information through this opening ceremony.

It was heard that a lot of noble families and high-level ministers voiced their opinions and recommended other people for hosting the competition. However, Emperor Yassin who was really ill went against all recommendations and pointed Dominguez as the person who would be in charge of the whole competition.

This meant that Second Prince Dominguez still held an important position in the emperor’s mind; it didn’t go down when the war started.

When some people saw Dominguez standing on the stage with unparalleled presence, they became indecisive again; they weren’t sure if supporting Arshavin was a good idea anymore.

The opening ceremony as simple. After Dominguez welcomed everyone and went over the rules, the 50 masters each got a number just like the previous rounds of matches. Fei got No.22, a simple number.

After the masters got their number,

they entered a draw for their opponents.

Fei got No.1, and it meant that Fei’s first battle would be with someone who previously drew the number 1. Fei wondered which battle region and which kingdom his opponent was from.

“Better not be a warrior from Chambord, or it would be a sad story.” Fei prayed.

This matchmaking system was full of uncertainty and surprises. There was a chance that warriors from the same kingdom would face each other, and Chambord’s chance was extremely high because they had eight warriors in the competition. The empire knew situations like this would happen, but it was necessary to keep the entire competition fair and square. This process won’t let the big families and superpowers to control the competition.

As the matches between the masters were taking place, the 25 teams from the five battle regions were also going to participate in the team matches. Each team had 50 elite

elite soldiers and 20 substitute soldiers.

The rules between the master matches and team matches were similar. Each team would draw a number that represented them and a number that determined their opponent. The team that was last standing would win the title of Number One Kingdom. In order to install more fairness, soldiers and warriors who were above three-star weren’t allowed to participate.

Chambord’s team had 50 most powerful Saint Seiyas and 20 substituting Bylaw Officers.

……

“I didn’t expect myself to have such a bad luck. I didn’t expect to encounter your majesty in the first battle.”

Diego Milito who was from a level 2 affiliated kingdom in western battle region sighed as he stepped on No.1 Sword-Testing Stage.

When this tall and bulky swordsman knew his first opponent would be [Sky Covering Fist], he gave up the idea of winning. However, he didn’t surrender. After the first few days of competition, battling with the king of

king of Chambord was the dream of a lot of warriors. Everyone knew that the king of Chambord doesn’t kill his opponents, and he would sometime point out his opponents’ areas of improvement so they could make progressions.

Fei smiled as he stood on the stage.

He had a good impression of this opponent who looked just and brave.

He recalled his opponent from the booklet that Paris gave him last night. This Diego Milito had a strong sense of justice, and he was simple and straightforward. His fighting style was also simple and straightforward. From what Matt Razi wrote in the booklet, it felt like this man had knightly virtues. Somehow, this man reminded Fei of the main character called Guo Jing in a Wuxia Novel called “The Legend of The Condor Heroes”; Guo Jing was not the smartest of a bunch, but he achieved greatness via hard work and doing the right things.

Fei would always

things.

Fei would always go easy on such opponent and try to teach them a thing or two.

Soon, the blueish water curtain-like magic array lit up, and the first match of the day began with the announcement of the judge and the cheers of the audience.

“Please teach me a thing or two, your majesty.” Milito was very sincere, and his expression was very earnest.

“As you wish.” Fei smiled.

Blue sword energies dashed out of Milito’s sword like the waves in the ocean, and his first strike was completed in the blink of an eye.

Milito’s fighting style was really neutral and broad. His strikes were all standard without any creativity; they looked a little rigid. However, such rigid strikes were extremely powerful in the hands of a just person like Milito.

Too bad Milito was facing Fei.

Even an idiot knew that Milito was no match for the king of Chambord. The so-called match was a waste of time.





* * *





Chapter 307




Chapter 307

Chapter 307: Three Reasons (Part One)

The scale of victory was obviously tilting in one direction, and Fei’s expression was still very calm.

However, Pierce, Drogba, and Oleg who were standing beside Fei were all anxious. They were master warriors, and they could clearly understand the situation. The disciple of Fei used all of his skills, and he wasn’t able to defeat his opponent. In fact, he was injured a little. If nothing spectacular happened, Inzagi would lose within ten strikes.

“Who the fu*k is that guy? He is able to pressure Philip to this degree? After the match is over, I will fu*king smash his testicles……” Pierce was very mad; he pointed at Inzagi’s opponent and swore.

“After this match is over, let’s go talk to that bastard.” Drogba rubbed his chin; he looked like he was going to kill someone.

Except these two, the other warriors of Chambord also looked vicious.

A few people surrounding them wanted to mock them a little after hearing their words, but they shut their mouths after seeing the vicious faces and sensing the dangerous presence. They murmured among themselves as they pointed at Chambord warriors. They weren’t saying nice things.

“Wait, they are [White Haired Fast Sword], [Black Haired Vicious Fist], [Desperation Creator] …… and [Sky Covering Fist] King of Chambord!” Someone recognized the Chambordians who were saying some vicious things.

This surprised shout almost made the people who were saying bad stuff about the warriors of Chambord pee their pants. Their faces paled as they all closed their mouths.

Fei glanced back at Pierce and Drogba, and the two of them quickly lowered their heads and closed their mouths as well.

No one knew what the king was thinking about.

Under the wings of the powerful king, Chambord hadn’t experienced defeat in a very long time. Even when Fei left Chambord for this competition, Chambord that was in a disadvantages situation against the master warriors of Imperial Knight Palace and united forces of several affiliated kingdoms was able to turn things around. The people of Chambord were able to unite, concentrate, and give it

all to defeat the powerful enemies. From that moment on, victory flowed in the blood of the Chambordians; any kind of defeat was unacceptable to them.

That was why none of the warriors of Chambord was able to accept such a defeat while numerous people from other kingdoms were watching.

One of the people who had the same thoughts was Inzagi who was still fighting on the stage.

Breathing.

Heavy breathing.

The hand that was holding onto the dagger named [Touch of Grim Reaper] was shaking. It felt like the dagger was going to fall out of this hand at any moment. However, Inzagi knew that he won’t let go of this dagger even if he died.

On the night that Blood-Edge Mercenary Group got wiped out, the person who he admired the most told him that: “As an assassin, one should never let go of his weapon. As an assassin, one should never hesitate; if the strike missed, he should instantly dash away……”

Assassin.

Assassin!!!

Inzagi lifted his hand and wiped off the blood that was dripping down from his forehead; the blood was blurring his vision. The intense pain made it hard to breathe, but Inzagi knew that he had to stay clear-headed.

Blood also flowed out of the 11 wounds on his legs like water in a fountain; the wounds were so deep that his bones were almost chopped in halves. The image of Uncle York and little Tina lying in blood appeared in his head, and he knew that the other four survived orphans were also watching this match in the crowd…… There was too much hope on his shoulders; he couldn’t afford to collapse on the stage.

“Can’t collapse on the stage.”

Unlimited fatigue started to hit his body like waves in the ocean. He took a deep breath and moved his legs. In the next moment, his body turned transparent and disappeared.

This was his natural stealth technique.

This natural talent was terrifying because he was almost invincible when he was in stealth. As if he was in another dimension, the blood that was dripping onto the ground even disappeared.

However, Inzagi

Inzagi knew that his body was only able to go into stealth this last time; his body had too many wounds.

This time, he had to succeed.

On the other side, Inzagi’s opponent was very calm. His squinted eyes had dashes of lights flashing in them. Although his body wasn’t moving, an invincible energy rippled in the area with a ten-meter radius around him

These ripples were dashes of swirling wind.

Chapter 307: Three Reasons (Part Two)

Each of the swirling winds was under this man’s control. As soon as something entered these winds, he would be able to sense it.

By using this invisible technique, he was able to detect where Inzagi was and counterattack effectively.

“This assassin from Chambord is just too good. With this stealth technique, even warriors four to five levels above him won’t be able to detect where he is. Too bad that his opponent is me, and too bad that he is a little dumb. He failed to hit me many times yet he is still trying. Doesn’t he know that since I can spot him one, I could spot him twice?”

This opponent thought proudly as he suddenly struck at a location three-feet above his head.

Whoosh!

A strike that was as fast as the wind was executed and two pieces of black clothing were turned into four.

The warrior with the wind-elemental warrior energy was shocked. He missed! The scene where his blade got deep into the flesh and blood spilled didn’t occur; his blade only struck the two pieces of clothing that were thrown out.

The warrior reacted fast. After the initial surprise, his blade changed direction and cut downward. Another white dash of light appeared as the blade struck onto something.

It was another piece of clothing. He missed again.

At this moment, the real assassination took place. A black dagger slowly appeared in the air right in front of him. Like a poisonous thorn, it was so dangerous that this man sensed a chill. This strike was so calculated that it seemed like the dagger dodged all the swirling winds in the air.

The handle of the dagger

the dagger was tightly held in the hands of Inzagi.

At this critical moment, this warrior with the wind-elemental warrior energy couldn’t do much. He didn’t have too much time to react since his blade was moving downward with momentum. This warrior suddenly bent his knees, and it looked like he was moving his head towards the dagger.

Whoosh!

The few long hairs that touched the dagger were cut into halves.

It was a deadly trap.

No one expected this to happen. When Inzagi was about to lose, it seemed like a light bulb lit up in his head and he used his clothing to distract his opponent. This carefully calculated trap was the only thing that could turn the situation around.

However, the difference in strength couldn’t be altered by this kind of trap. Inzagi was on the verge of passing out.

The opponent barely dodged Inzagi’s strike, and his blades that were striking downward hit the ground. The shaking of the ground affected Inzagi as blood spurted out of all the wounds on his body. This split-second pause of Inzagi’s body gave the opponent the opportunity. By using the repulsive force the ground gave off, he struck upward using the back of his blade.

Bam!!

Crack!

The back of the blades smashed onto Inzagi’s arm, and bone-cracking sounds resonated on the stage.

The young man’s forearm was bent to 90 degrees and looked terrifying. It was obvious that Inzagi’s arm was fractured completely.

But even in this situation, the hand that was holding onto [Touch of Grim Reaper] didn’t let go.

As if he couldn’t feel the pain, Inzagi tilt his body forward and stabbed the dagger into the left shoulder of his opponent.

This was the first time that Inzagi injured his opponent.

Too bad that his opponent didn’t lose combat ability because of it. The opponent lightly rotated his body to minimize the damage that the dagger would do to him. By using the momentum, he turned around and his blades went at the back of Inzagi’s head.

“Be careful!”

“Phillip……”

“Stop!”

A few surprised and angry shouts sounded around the stage. Torres, Cech, Pierce, and Drogba all shouted furiously.

all shouted furiously. The bow already appeared in Torres’s hand, and the arrows on it with impressive energy were about to be shot out.

At this moment, Fei waved his hand and stopped it all.

The blade of the opponent stopped one centimeter away from Inzagi’s head. Inzagi who was too injured and lost too much blood already fainted. What was shocking was that this young man was still standing on the stage like a statue despite the fact that he lost consciousness.

“A respectable opponent!”

The warrior with the wind-elemental warrior energy looked at Inzagi who was still standing there with the dagger tightly in his hand. The opponent’s face changed color. He said loudly: “I won’t kill him for three reasons. First, the warriors of Chambord never killed anyone in any matches so I won’t kill him. Second, although this young man is weaker than me, he still fought me for an hour and injured me; he is a respectable opponent so I won’t kill him. Third, an assassin should be hiding in the shadows and should not have appeared on a dueling stage so I won’t kill him!”

It seemed like the man was saying that to the tens of thousands of people in the crowd and not to Inzagi.

As if everyone was shocked by the virtues of this warrior and the morale and mentality of Inzagi, thunder-like applauses sounded around No. 8 Sword-Testing Stage shortly after the man finished speaking.

“Result…… Chambord lost!”

As soon as the judge announced the result, a figure dashed out of the crowd. Dashes of blue water curtain-like magic energy appeared around the stage as the magic array detected danger. However, the magic array that could defend against the strikes of six-star warriors was as weak as paper in front of this figure. This figure lightly moved his arms and torn it apart.

“The king of Chambord!”

Fei appeared on the stage and held onto the young man who already fainted.

Everyone was silent.

“What is the king of Chambord going to do? Is he going to kill this warrior to avenge for his disciple?”



* * *





Chapter 308




Chapter 308

Chapter 308: A Series of Events (Part One)

Everyone was looking at Fei.

Fei took out a red bottle and chugged the red blood-like potion into Inzagi’s mouth. Then, the terrifying wounds on Inzagi’s body started to “move”. Numerous flesh started to grow out as the wounds were recovering at an impressive speed.

The atmosphere was really intense. It was so intense that many people didn’t even spot the changes that were taking place on Inzagi’s body.

When Fei put the bottle back to his storage space and looked at the warrior with the wind-elemental warrior energy, the atmosphere got most intense. Everyone knew that the king of Chambord could easily kill this warrior as if he was crushing an ant.

However, no one wanted the king of Chambord to actually do it. The people in the crowd all wanted the king of Chambord to let this warrior go so the king of Chambord could still be that heroic idol in their minds.

The fact that the king of Chambord dared to fight against the Executive Knights won over many fans. Fei was deemed by others as a rebellious hero, and numerous warriors from other kingdoms viewed Fei as their idol. If he actually killed this warrior on the stage, it would be bullying. His glorious image in numerous grassroots warriors’ heads would collapse.

Fei’s blade-like stares locked onto this warrior. Although this warrior believed that he did the right things, he was still nervous. He felt the pressure that one could only feel when facing a master warrior on the king of Chambord’s level. The warrior felt like he was a sheep that was standing in front of a dragon. If the king of Chambord exerted a bit more pressure, he would collapse onto the ground.

It was a fear on the spiritual level.

“What is your name?” Fei asked: “Which affiliated kingdom are you from?”

The atmosphere was still that intense.

Although Fei’s

tone was calm, many people felt a chill as they listened to the calm voice. The crowd believed that the king of Chambord was not only going to kill this poor warrior but also wipe out the affiliated kingdom that he was from.

However, it seemed like that warrior didn’t think that way.

“My name is Aryang Robbin. In terms of my kingdom, you can get the name from the judge. Don’t think that you can get the name from me.” After Robbin looked at the judge who was hesitating to interfere, he straightened his back and said loudly: “It is normal that warriors would get injured and perhaps killed on the stage, and I already went easy on him. If you really want to vent your selfish anger onto me or my kingdom, we shall fight to the death.”

Aryang Robbin said in a decisive and fearless tone, and he immediately won over the cheers of the warriors that were standing around the stage.

However, not everyone agreed with Robbin’s response.

“How dare you say stuff like this? Aryang Robbin, you arrogant bastard! Quickly apologize to the king of Chambord! You dumbass……” A fat mid-aged man with a crown that was decorated with red, green, and blue gems stood up in the viewing area. He pointed at Robbin and shouted; his body was literally trembling.

After he did that, he turned around to Fei and smiled with a flatter expression. “Your Majesty, please accept my apologies. From now on, our Tudor Kingdom doesn’t have a person called Robbin. Since he offended you, I will cut off the connection between us. His behavior would have nothing to do with us anymore. Actually, I really admire your majesty……” He said.

After seeing Fei’s frowning, the king of the level 3 affiliated kingdom Tudor didn’t dare to continue to talk. This king turned around to Aryang Robbin and shouted: “Dumbass, all you know is

is to cause trouble. Take your dying father with you and get out of my kingdom. From now on, Tudor doesn’t welcome you two idiots……”

This fat guy was the king of the Tudor Kingdom.

This warrior called Robbin was a homeless warrior who just sworn his loyalty to the king of Tudor.

Robbin was broke and his father was really ill. Under a coincidence, he encountered the king of Tudor. The king of Tudor accepted Robbin because Robbin was a powerful warrior, and the Tudor Kingdom was able to get a seat in the kingdom ranking matches because of Robbin.

The king of Tudor thought he found a treasure and he was still smiling in his dreams, but he didn’t expect the treasure to cause such trouble.

The fact that Robbin almost killed the disciple of the king of Chambord scared the crap out of this king. He quickly separated himself from Robbin under the fear that the king of Chambord would vent off his anger at the Tudor Kingdom.

As soon as the king of Tudor finished talking, many people in the crowd laughed and mocked him.

Almost everyone felt sorry for Robbin.

This warrior with wind-elemental warrior energy was powerful and just. Didn’t matter if it was the strength he showed when fighting Inzagi or the three reasons he stated for not killing Inzagi, they all showed how great a warrior Robbin was. Too bad that he was loyal to such a weak and timid king.

“As long as you kneel down and apologize, I won’t punish you further.” Fei said slowly and calmly. Robbin heard everything clearly.

Chapter 308: A Series of Events (Part Two)

Silence.

A long silence.

Robbin didn’t say anything. His legs rooted into the ground, his back straightened, and the light green wind-elemental warrior energy flame started to burn. His low-tier five-star strength was utilized to the maximum, and he was about to advance to the level under Fei’s great pressure.

This

great pressure.

This was his decision.

He would rather die than kneeling down.

The flashing warrior energy gave off a solemn and stirring sensation. Both the people in the crowd and Robbin himself knew that he can’t even take one strike from the king of Chambord.

But it wasn’t about winning or losing at this moment.

This was about the dignity of a warrior.

Fei suddenly laughed: “You are no match for me. Think about it…… if you die here, who is going to take care of your ill father?”

Fei already knew all the detailed information about Robbin.

After hearing this, the flashing warrior energy flames around Robbin dimmed a little.

Like the sharpest dagger in the world, Fei’s words pierced the softest part of Robbin’s heart.

However, everything returned to normal in the next second.

“If I chose to kneel down, my father would never forgive me. In between death and dignity, both my father and I would choose the latter.”

Robbin’s words were decisive and firm like the iron.

“Great, just great. You are a real warrior, but too bad that a pearl like you was placed in the dust!” Just as everyone thought Robbin was going be killed, Fei suddenly sighed and continued: “A real warrior like you need a real king to serve. Don’t you think it is a waste for you to serve that idiot?”

Fei pointed at the flattering king of Tudor as he said that.

The king of Tudor’s face paled.

Robbin didn’t expect Fei to say such things. A thought lit up in his head like a light bulb. He felt unbelievable, and he didn’t know what to say.

Tens of thousands of people in the crowd all gasped at what Fei had said.

“That pig doesn’t deserve your loyalty, and I think Chambord is a better place for you. Aryang Robbin, I really admire an honorable warrior like you. How about joining Chambord?”

An earnest expression appeared on Fei’s face, and he continued as Robbin was

as Robbin was dumbfounded: “Of course, I’m not pressuring you to make the decision today. Doesn’t matter what your decision is, I would want to have a friendship with a true warrior like you. You will always be welcomed as a guest at Chambord.”

Buzz!

The people in the crowd gasped and murmured to each other. No one anticipated such a dramatic change. Many grassroots warriors relaxed. The king of Chambord didn’t bully this warrior and didn’t disappoint them. The idol-like image in their minds didn’t collapse.

But soon, they held onto their breath again.

Would a manly warrior like Aryang Robbin sworn loyalty to the king of Chambord?

Many people were hoping for a happy ending. They all believed that only a powerful and just king like Fei deserved the service of a real warrior like Aryang Robbin. Since the dumb king of Tudor already cut off the connection between him and Robbin, Robbin was free to choose who he would serve.

“I, Aryang Robbin, swear my loyalty to my lord the King of Chambord! I would place your honor above my life until my death!……”

Under the stares of tens of thousands of people, Robbin single-kneeled on the ground and stated his oath. It was so clear and sincere that it felt like he was reciting a poem.

This wasn’t a hard decision.

The man standing in front of him was an unparalleled king, a king that deserved his loyalty.

“Hahaha, I accept your loyalty in front of the God of War……” Fei laughed as he responded to Robbin’s oath in a traditional way. Everyone knew that the king of Chambord viewed this grassroots warrior as someone important. At the last moment, Fei joked with the embarrassed king of Tudor: “Your majesty, thank you for giving me a true warrior. I appreciate your generosity!” He said.

The fat face of the king of Tudor was so red that it looked like a monkey’s butt.



* * *





Chapter 309




Chapter 309

Chapter 309: A Dangerous Opponent (Part One)

Thunder-like applauses and cheers sounded around the stage.

Some of the traveling warriors were somehow touched by this. When they saw how Robbin, who was a powerful warrior, got pushed around by the fat idiot king of Tudor, they felt a sadness; they felt like they saw their own fates. They had the warrior strength, but they couldn’t get the proper social status. In order to survive, they had to dance between blades and step between life and death. However, the fat and lazy nobles who couldn’t even pick up a blade were able to enjoy everything. Many people sighed as they thought that life was unfair.

But after seeing Robbin getting admired by a powerful king like the king of Chambord, these warriors felt like they were validated by the king of Chambord as well. Even the lowest people had some dignities that they were willing to use their lives to protect. At this moment, the dignities in their hearts were indirectly honored by the king of Chambord.

The king of Chambord wasn’t just a normal king; he was a super powerful king who had a limitless future.

Only getting validated by such a man would make the low-level grassroots warriors who had to serve idiot-like nobles to survive feel touched.

“Aryang, go pack your belongings. Afterward, bring your father to my campsite to see me.” Fei patted Robbin’s shoulder before he turned around to the king of Tudor who was really embarrassed and didn’t know what to do. “You are now one of my generals. Let me know if anyone dares to mess with you.” Fei said that to Robbin, but everyone knew that he was saying that to the king of Tudor.

“Yeah, yeah, yeah…… Congratulations, Mr. Robbin. Wait, no…… General Robbin is now under the king of Chambord. I will prepare the carriages so you can get to Chambord’s campsite easier……” Although the king of Tudor was

not a good king, he knew what he needed to do in a situation like this. He understood the threat in Fei’s word, so he quickly guaranteed to make Robbin’s trip smoother. The “dumbass” was now “General Robbin” in his mind, and his tone was very sincere.

Everyone knew that the warrior with the wind-elemental warrior energy was going to become someone important. A lot of people looked at Robbin with envious and jealous expressions. The king of Chambord was known for his shielding of the shortcomings and mistakes of his men. From now on, even the kings of level 1 affiliated kingdoms and normal nobles had to address Robbin by called him – General Robbin.

It was like winning a lottery.

“Thank you, your majesty. I swear loyalty to your majesty for the rest of my life.” Robbin couldn’t believe what had just happened. As if he was dreaming, the goddess of fortune reached out to him when he thought he was about to die.

Robbin was about to single-kneel on the ground again as he said that.

Fei laughed as he waved his hand. An invisible force held Robbin up before he kneeled down. Then, Fei held onto Inzagi and disappeared.

From Robbin’s perspective, he sensed an indefensible force around his knees, and he was propped up like an adult was propping up an infant. He felt the power of the king of Chambord again. When he looked up, he saw the king of Chambord walking away from the stage with other warriors from Chambord.

Robbin felt like he was still in a dream as he heard the cheers and applause.

“Gen…… General Robbin. Are you going back to pack your belongings? I already sent someone to notify your father. I’m sure he would be happy for you……”

A flattering voice sounded.

Robbin turned around and saw the fat king of Tudor carefully walking towards him. After seeing the flattering expression on the king’s face now and thinking back to

to the arrogant and mocking expression on this king’s face a moment ago, Robbin left the stage without saying a word back.

……

……

Inzagi was seriously injured.

Although the wounds were almost all recovered under the effect of the [Health Potion], he was depleted of spiritual energy and mental power from that battle. He had lost his conscious for the moment being, and the damage that was causing was more severe the injuries on his body.

After the initial inspection and treatments, Cech and Oleg carried Inzagi back to his tent to rest. The four orphans from Hot Spring Gate also followed Inzagi back to the tent anxiously.

Out of everyone from that tight family in Hot Spring Gate, only the five of them survived. They could only rely on each other for warmth, and they needed each other to avenge for their loved ones.

Fei and others stayed around the stages for other matches.

Everyone who Matt Razi stated was a powerful candidate for the number one warrior title in the booklet got Fei’s attention. Fei wasn’t worried about the future matches. Rather, Robbin’s incident gave him an idea. He realized that this was a great place to discover and recruit talent.

Chambord was too small of a kingdom, and it was hard to find many talents. The only talented warriors Chambord had were all created by Fei using his “golden finger”. If one wanted to survive on this continent ruled by the law of the jungle, he or she needed both individual strength and influence. Talented people were needed to expand the influence of a kingdom.

Chapter 309: A Dangerous Opponent (Part Two)

In the last while, warriors of Chambord such as Cech and Lampard all received invitations and recruitment letters from all kinds of superpowers. This made Fei understand that this competition was a great opportunity to “rob“ talent from others.

Soon, the news about Chambord’s first loss got around the entire camp area. All of the noble families and superpowers

and superpowers heard the news as well.

Although it was only a small loss, it was really significant.

In all the stories told by the traveling poets, the king of Chambord and his warriors were painted into invincible legends. But after [Deadly Assassin of Shadow] lost the match today, the invincible legends of Chambord were cracked a little. People started to speculate about Chambord’s future.

Rumors were powerful. Everything seemed to have been flipped around.

“Did you hear that? Chambord lost a fight?”

“You heard about it too? Yeah…… after all, a level 6 affiliated kingdom doesn’t have too much accumulation. Maybe this loss is the prologue of the downfall of Chambord.”

“Hahaha, it is normal for them to lose. The so-called legend was created by men. Only the king of Chambord was a master warrior, and the rest of his warriors were all exaggerated. [Desperation Creator]? [Destructive Finger]? Bullsh*t!”

“Did you know? The legends of Chambord are fake! I heard that the king of Chambord would threat the opponents of his warriors and force them to surrender to his warriors……”

Many people were talking about this. When Fei and his men walked around them, the people would close their mouths and stop talking. But when Fei and his men walked away, they would start talking and pointing at the Chambordians. Pierce and Drogba were extremely mad, but they couldn’t do anything to the bystanders.

Fei’s expression was really calm.

Although Inzagi’s lose had some negative effect, it wasn’t negative to this degree. If Fei was correct, there was a force or multiple forces behind all these rumors. The king didn’t want to waste time on investigating them. He was sure that they were from the same forces as the ones who tried to frame Chambord by using the treasures of Blood-Edge.

Fei watched most of the matches.

Huerk and Kanort from the Gudong Kingdom were really strong. Their weapons were sticks, and their techniques weren’t delicate. However, due to their pure impressive physical strength, their

physical strength, their strikes were extremely powerful. Fei even suspected that they were level 50 Barbarians from Diablo World.

The both of them defeated their opponents using pure strength.

[Bloody Dual Blades] was still someone who was ruthless. After every battle, a new skeleton would appear on the stage. His lightning-fast blades technique didn’t just leave his opponents terrified; anyone who watched his matches all had nightmares. It was heard that more than a dozen people died because they were terrified by what they saw. This man was the cruelest one in this competition, and many people tried to disqualify him by reporting on him. However, he was acting within the rules of the competition, and fairness needed to be kept.

Many people hoped that this man would encounter more powerful warriors like [Sky Covering Fist], [One Sword], and [Goddess of Archery] so he would lose.

Fei didn’t watch every single battle, but he knew about the outcomes after hearing the chatters among the crowd. People like [One Sword], [Silver Armored Vicious Sword], and Princess Cindy all won their matches.

As time passed, most of the first-round battles were all completed.

“Look, [Goddess of Archery] Elena from Chambord is going to be on……”

“Ah? That beauty who won the previous three matches using only three arrows? She is a master from Chambord.”

“[Deadly Assassin of Shadow] already lost. I think [Goddess of Archery] is in danger!”

“Bullsh*t! [Goddess of Archery] is only a character painted by the king of Chambord. I’m sure that this woman would lose for sure…… Her opponent is one of the [Two Hiddens] who are just less powerful than [One Sword]; he is [Mad Hidden] Bowyer……”

“Ah? Bowyer? She sure is in danger……”

People started to murmur to each other. Chambord’s last battle in the first-round matches was about to take place on No. 1 Sword-Testing Stage. Beauty always attracted attention. Although a lot of people already guessed the outcome of this battle, they all wanted to see [Goddess of Archery]’s beauty.



* * *





Chapter 310




Chapter 310

Chapter 310: He Was Here to Kill (Part One)

Fei and his men all moved to the No. 1 Sword-Testing Stage with the crowd.

The reason why this match was placed in No. 1 Sword-Testing Stage was that Elena’s opponent Bowyer was a famous warrior among the affiliated kingdoms. This level of warriors dealt a lot of damages, and the matches with them in it had to be placed in the most secured stage.

No. 1 Sword-Testing Stage was where Fei battled with the four Executive Knights. After the battle destroyed the stage, it was rebuilt and reinforced by even more powerful magic arrays. Currently, this stage had the most powerful defense array out there.

[Mad Hidden] Bowyer was wearing a light metal armor. He didn’t wear a helmet, and his messy yellow hair was fluttering in the air. He had tiny bead-like eyes, uneven lips, and a flat nose. Although he was a famous master warrior, he didn’t look like one.

His body wasn’t big, and he had a bit of obscene sensation around him.

Bowyer was from the western battle region, and he was the prince of a level 1 affiliated kingdom. He made news when he lasted more than ten strikes under [One Sword]’s sword. Before Fei’s appearance, many people believed that Bowyer was the only person who could take the title of the number one warrior from [One Sword].

However, this man was famous for his arrogance as well. In addition to that, he loved money, women, and wines. It was heard that he loved women to a disgusting degree. One traveling poet said that any young women over the age of 18 in his kingdom all got stained by Bowyer. This disgusting prince even passed laws to make all the women give him their virginity before their weddings. If they did not, they would be charged with treason and their families would all be killed.

In that kingdom, numerous

numerous women’s lives got ruined, many lovers had to flee their homes, and many families had to live in pain and shame. But since Bowyer was the prince of the kingdom and a master warrior, no one could deal with him.

However, due to his bad fetishes, his strength didn’t increase much over the years. He was now really far behind [One Sword], and he was less famous now.

He rarely battled nowadays, and that was why he got the nickname [Mad Hidden].

Despite all of these, Bowyer was still a powerful warrior. His performance in the western battle region was impressive. He defeated six opponents in a row and got into the kingdom ranking matches easily.

Both Elena and Bowyer were now on the stage.

Elena was in her dark red magic armor; the mysterious gold decors on the armor looked like vines. Her wrists, elbows, shoulders, knees, and feet were also protected by protective components. Light red magic energy flowed around the shoulders

the shoulders of Elena, and her slender waist was exposed in the air. She looked like a Valkyrie, and her beauty made a lot of people swallow their drools.

The wind fluttered Elena’s red ponytail as well as the light blue hair band. She was standing on the stage quietly, and she had an unparalleled presence. She was just like a goddess.

As if all men were struck by lightning, some of them swallowed saliva, some of them bleed from their nose, and some of them lost the ability to speak as they all looked at Elena.

Bowyer who was standing on the other side of the stage started to breathe heavily; obscene lights flashed by in his tiny eye. He shouted in his mind: “This woman is mine! Mine! Damn, there is such a beautiful female warrior in this world? I will for sure strip her and see what kind of a body she is hiding…… I swear I will get her……”

Bowyer scanned

get her……”

Bowyer scanned Elena’s body repeatedly and especially focused on some body parts; he zapped his mouth as he did that, and everyone knew what he was thinking.

Elena frowned as she raised her arm. A battle bow appeared in her hand as if the bow had its own life.

At the same time, a cold murderous stare passed through the protective magic array and landed on Bowyer.

After feeling this deadly stare, Bowyer woke up from his fantasies. He turned around and saw a handsome young man staring at him as if he was a weak sheep that was waiting to be slaughtered. The coldness in this man’s eyes was enough to freeze him.

“Oh, I heard that this woman is from Chambord. The king of Chambord is known for his over-protectiveness…… It would be hard for me to get this beauty…… I need to take it slow…… Hehe, I’m not even scared of [One Sword]! Would I be scared of you?” Bowyer thought.



* * *





Chapter 311




Chapter 311

Chapter 311: Ruthless King of Chambord (Part One)

“Alexander.” A bright smile appeared on Elena’s face. For a moment, people in the crowd felt like an iceberg had belted and revealed the flower inside of it. Everyone’s eyes lit up.

From the name that came out of [Goddess of Archery]’s mouth, people in the crowd who were confused knew that this young man was the legendary king of Chambord.

From the rumors that were going around, many of them knew that the king of Chambord showed rare generosity and kindness two hours ago and recruited Robbin who severely injured his disciple. “Is he going to display his kindness again here?” Some people thought.

“You are the king of Chambord?”[Mad Hidden] Bowyer who got half of his shoulder burned by the arrow of fire got up from the ground. He used his warrior energy to alleviate the pain as he asked. His tone was filled with suspicion and surprise as he carefully observed Fei. He was sure that the murderous stare he sensed earlier came from this man.

“You didn’t kill him because I told you guys to try not to kill anyone during this competition?” Fei didn’t even look at this so-called number two warrior among the affiliated kingdoms. He held onto Elena’s white hand and asked while thousands of people watched.

“Eh.” Elena nodded. She didn’t blush when Fei held her hand; she was used to this since Fei would do intimate things like this in Diablo World. Perhaps in this Valkyrie’s eyes, anyone who was not Fei was like a monster and demon in Diablo World. If Fei told her to not kill them, she will do what Fei said.

“You……” Bowyer was enraged; he was completely ignored. From the conversation of these two, it felt like he was a pig that could be slaughtered easily by them. He hadn’t been offended to this degree in a long time.

“Just kill these kinds of trash in the

future.” Fei reminded Elena with a smile.

“Eh, I got it.” Elena nodded back.

“You……”[Mad Hidden] Bowyer was so mad that he couldn’t hold himself back. He would no longer watch the woman who he was obsessed with act so lovingly toward another man. The fire of jealousy burned in his heart, and his mind was filled with rage. “Although you are the king of Chambord, you can’t offend me like this. I’m the prince of level 1 Affiliated Kingdom, Gulo. Are you trying to start a war with Gulo?” He shouted in anger.

However, Fei still didn’t look at him. He smiled at Elena and said: “This time, I will kill him for you.”

As soon as he said that, he slowly moved his palm in Bowyer’s direction without looking at him.

This strike didn’t look powerful at all; there was no noise, no energy, and no light.

As the crowd was confused, a “bam” noise sounded. The “number two warrior among all affiliated kingdoms” and the man who could last ten strikes under [One Sword]’s sword didn’t get the chance to react. Like a watermelon that got struck by a huge hammer, his head exploded. Blood mist filled the air, and the headless corpse fell onto the ground after standing up straight a while.

“Si……”

Gasps sounded around the stage.

The temperature around the stage also decreased by more than a dozen degrees. Everyone shivered as if they were placed in a fridge, especially the ones who had an obscene expression on their faces when they looked at Elena. They knew why Bowyer was killed – He looked at this woman in the wrong way and said a few inappropriate things.

No expected the king of Chambord to be so moody. He struck Bowyer without hesitation, and the prince of a level 1 affiliated kingdom was killed like a fly.

Such a ruthless king!

“If the Gulo Kingdom wants an explanation, they can come to Chambord’s campsite to find me.”

Fei’s voice was

was still resonating around the stage, but he and Elena both disappeared after a red light flashed by. It was obvious that they both returned to the campsite.

The people in the crowd started to come back to their senses. They looked at each other and left while shaking their heads; they didn’t dare to say anything or comment on anything. The two events that took place told everyone that the king of Chambord can be kind and ruthless at the same time.

After summing everything up, there was this one golden rule – Don’t offend the king of Chambord, or you are dead.

Soon, the people around the stage left.



Chapter 311: Ruthless King of Chambord (Part Two)

No one noticed a magic carriage that was parked a distance away from the No. 1 Sword-Testing Stage. The carriage had the symbol of a two-headed polar bear on it; that was the symbol for the royal family of Zenit.

A pair of beautiful crystal eyes was closely watching everything that took place on the stage. When Fei held onto Elena’s hand, almost all of her attention was drawn. After the people around the stage left, the curtain on the carriage that was slightly open closed.

There seemed to be a light sigh.

Inside this fancy carriage, the atmosphere was a little dreary and strange despite the fragrance.

Elder Princess Tanasha looked at Angela who was sitting beside her with her blue ocean-like eyes. Although the beautiful girl beside her didn’t show any expression and looked calm, Tanasha seemed to have sensed the racing heart inside Angela’s body.

“Angela, Alexander didn’t……” Tanasha opened her mouth, but she quickly fell back to silence. She was really intelligent, but she didn’t know what to say at a moment like this; perhaps it was because she was never in a situation like this and didn’t know how it felt. However, for some reason, Tanasha also felt a little unpleasant and a little lonely.

“Sister Tanasha, are you trying to

trying to comfort me?” The beautiful girl suddenly smiled. No worries or concerns could be seen in her crystal-like eyes. “You don’t have to. I believe no one in this world knows him more than I do. I trust him, and I’m willing to accept everything about him.”

Angela’s words were so decisive and her eyes were so clear that Tanasha knew she wasn’t faking it. The wind blew by and lifted the curtain of the carriage. Golden sunlight shone onto Angela’s face through the decorations on the window, and Angela’s face gave off a mysterious glare. It was so pure and beautiful that even Tanasha was stunned.

After a moment, the carriage started to move towards Chambord’s direction.

……

When Angela returned, Fei finally relaxed his nerves.

The party at Tanasha’s palace last night was too intense. A lot of noble ladies came to the party uninvited when they heard that the queen of Chambord would be present; they all wanted to get to know this new influential force in Zenit. Angela wasn’t used to rejecting people, so she met and connected with a lot of people from other influential forces after Tanasha introduced her to everyone. However, she also drank a bit too much wine and was a little drunk.

Tanasha was worried that Angela might catch a cold on the way back to Chambord’s campsite, so she let Angela stay over for the night. It was already late and the gate of St. Petersburg was closed, so Tanasha didn’t send messages to Fei.

Since Tanasha treated Angela like her real sister and Fei’s “viciousness” was known by everyone, Angela was the star of the party and wasn’t bothered by anyone

After Tanasha explained everything to Fei, all of Fei’s questions were answered.

The Elder Princess didn’t need to lie, and Fei knew that the relationship he and Tanasha had was not bad. There was no reason for Tanasha to trick him.

……

With the appearance of the Elder Princess, Chambord got really busy

got really busy again.

[Zenit’s Goddess of Intelligence] didn’t leave right away. She made a high-profile appearance as she walked around the campsite and chatted with a few Chambord soldiers patiently. She also stated that she would be staying for Chambord’s celebration party tonight.

Fei shook his head with a bitter smile on his face.

If he wasn’t wrong, someone had already reported everything to the Second Prince Dominguez.

The Elder Princess acted this way for Paris and Dominguez to see. Even if this won’t kill off the friendship Fei and they had, it might create a small crack in it.

When it was sunset, Aryang Robbin and his father arrived at Chambord’s campsite. Robbin only brought his blade, and he was carrying his father on his back. His father was white-haired and couldn’t walk. Fei greeted them and arranged a separate tent for them.

Robbin was a low-tier five-star warrior. His blade was fast, and his strength couldn’t be ignored. On top of all this, Fei really like his character.

Since Robbin just arrived and hadn’t contributed to Chambord, Fei didn’t give him a big title. Fei gave him the position of a small captain of Bylaw Enforcement Officers. Fei was planning to give him higher-up roles after he accumulated the merits. With Robbin’s strength, Fei knew that won’t be too long.

Fei also checked Robbin’s father’s illness. Robbin’s father’s legs got severely injured long time ago. The energy connections in his legs were damaged, and there was an unknown poison in his bloodstream. Some of the leg muscles already started to die, and he could no longer walk or take care of himself.

[Health Potion] couldn’t heal these kinds of old injuries.

Therefore, Fei switched to Paladin mode and used his aura to perform some basic healings. It was effective, but it couldn’t clear the poison and heal up the injuries immediately. He had to take it slow.

Robbin, on the other hand, was very thankful; he finally saw some hope that wasn’t there before.



* * *





Chapter 312




Chapter 312

Chapter 312: The End of the Moro Practice (Part One)

After Fei arranged everything for Robbin and his father, it was already night time. The stars in the dark sky were like bright flowers.

After the first day of the kingdom ranking matches, only Inzagi lost his battle. All seven others advanced, and it was a good news. According to Chambord’s tradition, there would be a celebration.

Soon, campfires were lit up, and people started to sing and dance. The women from the [Golden Cave] appeared again.

This celebration attracted a lot of people’s attention. A lot of warriors and soldiers of other kingdoms stood outside of Chambord’s campsite and watched through the fence.

Elder Princess Tanasha made a high-profile appearance at the celebration with her bodyguard Ziene.

[Zenit’s Goddess of Intelligence] sat beside Angela and intimately chatted with both the king and the queen of Chambord. This scene beside

the campfire was clearly witnessed by everyone. Through these people, the Elder Princess would get the message passed to “that person”.

After the celebration party was over, the Elder Princess still didn’t leave. Surprisingly, she chose to stay at Chambord’s campsite for the night.

Fei smiled as he shook his head.

It was already late at night, and even breathing would result in white “fogs”. People who were walking outside the warm tents would get frost on their hairs and beards. It was so cold that Fei felt like he was in the ice age.

This was Fei’s first winter on Azeroth Continent.

After he used his aura to heal Robbin’s father again, he switched to Assassin Mode and left Chambord’s campsite. He disappeared from the camp area and entered Moro Mountains.

Moro Mountains was completely white in the winter. Snow was on every tree branch, and all the trees looked

looked like they were made from crystals. Under the moonlight, this crystalized forest felt like it should only exist in the legends if the terrifying roars of the demon beasts were muted.

The Fist Spiritual Spatial Seals of the two master warriors were still flowing around on the battlefield, but they were a lot weaker than half a month ago. Fei easily got passed the surrounding magic arrays and saw the mysterious man standing beside the Fist Spiritual Spatial Seals.

The man was standing as straight as a spear, and his brown robe was fluttering in the wind loudly.

The mysterious man’s eyes were as bright as stars, and there was a strange sensation looming around him. Fei couldn’t understand it; it was lonely, above-all, yet intimate. This mysterious man had a special character that made Fei completely trust him.

Fei was overjoyed when he saw the man.

The mysterious man

mysterious man didn’t say anything after Fei murmured that he wanted to see the scroll of [Dragon Fist] last night.

“Did he actually bring the scroll of [Dragon Fist]?” Fei thought to himself. Even just the thought of viewing the number one technique among hundreds of empires made Fei excited. Although his power was from Diablo World, the chance of checking out such a technique was still very rare.

Whoosh!

The mysterious man flicked his wrist after seeing Fei, and a green light dashed at Fei. Fei lifted his hand and grabbed onto thin booklet. The texture was soft yet sturdy; it was really magical.

Fei couldn’t believe it!

“Could it be that this mysterious man actually brought the scroll of [Dragon Fist]?”

As Fei was about to open up the booklet, the mysterious man waved his hand and stopped Fei. After he carefully observed Fei, he slowly said: “Remember, humans harness power

humans harness power and energy in order to protect and guard the people and things that they love.”

Before Fei could react, the man continued: “I have nothing to teach you anymore.”

After he said that, a light whizzing sounded as a green light flashed by.

The man disappeared and was nowhere to be found.

This time, Fei caught a little of the mysterious man’s trace. The man was like a green meteor. The speed of the man was so fast that Fei felt like he was dreaming. In just a split second, the mysterious man almost already disappeared from the horizon.

“Left directly?”

Fei fell into a moment of silence. He understood what the man had said. Since there was nothing that the man can teach Fei, he won’t be meeting up with Fei here every night anymore. This strange yet valuable relationship Fei and this man had ended here.



* * *





Chapter 313




Chapter 313

Chapter 313: Boost in Strength (Part One)

It was sunset in Diablo World.

The sun was as red as blood on the horizon.

The tall fences around the [Rogue Encampment] were like the defense walls of Chambord. They circled out a huge area for the people in Diablo World to live and protected them from the attacks of the demons and monsters. Still, the roars and screams of the demons and monsters outside the camp resonated in the sky.

Fei and Elena went to [Kurast Docks] through the portal and took on the next quest [The Blackened Temple]

This quest required Fei to go to [Travincal], the godly temples that had fallen to the side of the darkness, and kill the members of the High Council. After that, Fei would be able to find the Compelling Orb. By using the item [Khalim’s Will] that Fei got from the previous quest, he would be able to break the Compelling Orb and open the entrance to the [Durance of Hate]. That was the place where the final boss of the third map [Mephisto] resided

Since the portal to [Travincal] wasn’t activated, Fei and Elena had to walk. After they killing monsters along the way, they finally reached [Travincal] after two hours.

There were a lot of ancient temple structures.

Every single structure looked mysterious and magnificent. They were all made from huge blocks of stones, and delicate patterns and symbols were engraved all over the walls and pillars.

All the temples were built in a special pattern, and they conveyed an ancient sensation.

These were the places where the resident of Diablo World worshipped the gods. But after the long-term corrosion of the evil force, the original servants of

gods had all fallen. They became monsters and demons, and the godly temples were enveloped in darkness and death energy.

As soon as Fei and Elena stepped on [Travincal], they were attacked aggressively by the monsters.

There were a lot of [Zakarum Zealots]. They were the guards of the temples who had lost consciousness, and the only thing that was on their minds was to kill. In addition, there were [Council Member] who were the fallen members of the temples’ council. Their bodies were covered in hard scales, and these scales were as sharp as knives.

Of course, the most powerful enemies in [Travincal] were [Ismail Vilehand], [Geleb Flamefinger], and [Toorc Icefist]. The three of them were originally executive council members, and they had fallen into boss-level monsters.

From Fei’s previous life’s gaming knowledge, these monsters were really powerful. When he was playing Diablo in his previous life, he would always die a few times and his mercenary would always die as well when he entered [Travincal].

With this knowledge, Fei was extra careful. As soon as he got into one temple, he used a [Town Portal Scroll] to create a portal. If things got ugly, he would carry Elena on his back and escape as fast as he could.

After seeing how careful Fei was, Elena also got her guards up.

But after 20 minutes, Elena’s cautiousness turned into a surprise.

A shocked yet thoughtful look also appeared on Fei’s face.

Who could have expected that the monsters Fei thought were huge threats didn’t cause any trouble at all?

The stressful and dangerous situation in Fei’s head didn’t take place. Rather, the process was really easy. Even if Fei didn’t do anything, Elena would be able to

to easily kill all the monsters. The three bosses that Fei was worried about were very weak. Elena used three of her arrows, and the three bosses died as their bodies were frozen into ice and got turned into clouds of ice dust.

This [Travincal] trip made Fei realized one thing that he neglected for a long time.

The increase in his own strength had surpassed the designed increase of a Barbarian in the Diablo World.

Due to his training in the real world, the increase of his strength had tilted the original balance of the Diablo World. The monsters that were threats to Fei before in the game were no longer threats to him anymore.

Especially after that mysterious man taught him the fundamentals of being a warrior, Fei was able to exert way more damage using the same techniques compared to before. Put it in another term, Fei’s level 65 Barbarian was way more powerful than a normal level 65 Barbarian in Diablo World.

The person who also broke the balance was Elena.

Compared to the dull mercenaries Fei had in the game, Elena was completely different. She was on a path of cultivation that Fei was never aware of.



After activating the second Paladin Bloodline, Elena who now had the power of Paladin and the four elemental arrows was way more powerful beyond Fei’s imagine. She was no longer like a dull mercenary in the original Diablo game who could only act like a meat shield and a bait; she was Fei’s partner.

To be honest, Fei even suspected that Elena had the strength of taking on some of the bosses in the third map herself.

The massacre continued after the bosses in

bosses in [Travincal] were killed.

In the next four hours, the two of them killed numerous monsters. The experiences points the Barbarian had skyrocketed. Before the time limit of the day was up, Fei was already level 70.

Also, the first five quests in the third map were complete as well.

The fourth quest [Lam Esen’s Tome] didn’t take too long. Fei found the ancient book that was required for the quest in [Kurast Causeway] and returned it to the NPC. He received five attribute points as a reward.

Elena was now level 67.

Under Fei’s recommendation, the beautiful mercenary didn’t enhance her offense abilities. Rather, she gave most of the new attribute points to her second bloodline. The focus on Paladin gave her more defense and better healing abilities. Since her offense abilities didn’t change much, her ranking on Azeroth Continent was still around low-tier seven star.

Fei left Diablo World before the time limit was up.

Elena temporairliy stayed at [Rogue Encampment].

Although Fei’s spiritual power had increased a lot and he was able to stay in Diablo World and let the people of Diablo World stay in the real world for five hours a day, Elena won’t use the five hours right now. There were still kingdom ranking matches, and she would need to spend the time there.

……

……

When the sun just came up in the real world, the Elder Princess said farewell to Fei and Angela and went back to St. Petersburg under the protection of Ziene and her powerful guards.

Compared with the high-profile appearance yesterday, the Elder Princess left in a low-key manner. Many people didn’t notice Tanasha and thought that she was still sleeping in the central tent of Chambord. After all, many

After all, many people saw the Elder Princess of Zenit enter the central tent in Chambord’s campsite last night.

Time was passing by fast.

The sun kept on rising to the sky.

When the morning sunlight shone on the camp area beside the Moro Mountains, it felt like everything woke up and restored their vitality. The camp area started to get noisy, and the white “fog” that came out of people’s and horses’ mouths got rid of some of the coldness of the winter.

Fei went into Robbin’s tent at the pre-scheduled time. He was planning to treat Robbin’s father’s legs every day. But when Fei got there, Robbin was nowhere to be found. After asking old Aryang, A.K.A Robbin’s father, Fei learned that Robbin was at Inzagi’s tent all night. Robbin didn’t feel good about injuring Inzagi on the stage yesterday, and he felt even more guilty later on when he started to serve under Fei as well. Because of it, Robbin went to take care of Inzagi rather than his father since last night.

Robbin’s actions made Fei appreciate him even more.

After Fei switched to Paladin Mode and used the aura power to heal up some of old Aryang’s leg muscles and energy channels, he heard some loud and rough laughter from the outside. It sounded like Pierce’s and Drogba’s, but Robbin’s voice was mixed in there as well.

Fei felt a little strange.

After Robbin injured Inzagi, both Pierce and Drogba were hostile toward him. Both of them didn’t even talk to Robbin after this man swore loyalty to Chambord.

“Why are they so friendly now? It feels like they are long-time pals.”

As Fei was thinking, Pierce and Drogba walked into the tent.



* * *





Chapter 314




Chapter 314

Chapter 314: Good News from the Battlefront (Part One)

Pierce and Drogba were surprised when they walked in; their smiles froze on their faces. It was obvious that they didn’t expect the king to show up here this early. The two of them quickly saluted at Fei and started to try their best to show their friendliness toward old Aryang. They also apologized afterward; they said that they shouldn’t be so cold and mean toward Robbin and his father yesterday.

Fei understood the situation now.

After Robbin served and took care of Inzagi last night, Inzagi finally woke up from his “sleep”. Robbin’s actions and earnestness touched Inzagi, Pierce, and Drogba. They started to have a conversation, and they realized that they were similar people.

Especially after hearing Robbin’s story about him being homeless before and traveling around the continent as well as his life in the Tudor Kingdom, the three Chambordians felt very empathetic toward him. They were all straightforward man, they had similar stories, and they soon became good friends who talked about everything with each other.

Out of the four, Robbin was the most powerful. He also had been to many empires and experienced many things. After they chatted and practiced a little, they soon started to address each other as brothers.

Fei was planning to create an opportunity for Robbin to get along with the Chambordians, but they solved it on their own. Now, Inzagi and the four other orphans from Hot Spring Gate were all friendly towards Robbin, and Pierce and Drogba who were the most loved warriors of Chambord were also now buddies with Robbin. Soon, Robbin would be accepted by all Chambordians.

Fei joked with Pierce and Drogba a little and walked out of the tent.

His eyes lit up as a dash of beauty appeared in front of him.

It was the future queen of Chambord, Angela.

Like a goddess that was walking in the clouds, she was wearing a light blue leather dress as she walked up to the tent. The two maids behind her were carrying two brand-new leather armors. The two sets of armors looked delicate, and they were gifts that Angela made and prepared for Robbin and his father.

Robbin and his father didn’t expect to be treated this well by the beautiful goddess-like queen. They expressed their gratitude and thanked Fei and Angela again.

Outside the tent, the chilly wind blew.

The king and the future queen wandered along the river in the campsite while holding hands.

The river was still flowing; the surface of the river didn’t freeze up yet. Angela was in a good mood; she smiled and described to Fei the interesting things that happened at the Elder Princess’ party last night. Fei felt really calm. He was a great listener as he smiled and nodded along. The golden sunlight shone on them, and the scene looked as beautiful as ever.

Fei tightly held Angela’s soft hand as he felt unprecedently gentle.

Although he wasn’t sure if this pure beauty saw him holding Elena’s hand on the No. 1 Sword-Testing Stage, he knew that he had to explain what was going on between him and Elena to Angela. Fei wasn’t planning to hide that away from Angela, but he hadn’t had the chance. After all, he was facing huge pressure from that mysterious assassination, and he had to use most of his time on cultivation.

In front of Fei, the current that was fast sometimes created splashes with the river bank.

Fei was trying to tell his future queen about the story between him and Elena, but he would always hesitate a little before he spoke as he didn’t know where to begin. After some serious thoughts, he took a deep breath and was

was about to tell Angela everything.

Suddenly, thunder-like clip-clop noises sounded from the Moro Mountains. More than a dozen fast horses appeared and send a ton of dust and snow into the air.

“Good news! Good news! Good news from the battlefront!”

The cavaliers dashed through the camp area like sharp swords, and their shouts resonated in the area; everyone heard them clearly. This news immediately created waves as if a rock was dropped into a pond.

Many people were worried ever since [Zenit’s God of War] Arshavin led the battle legions to the southern regions. Now after one day, good news came. Although this was in line with a lot of people’s expectation, many people were still joyous after hearing it.

Like a magical potion, this good news calmed a lot of anxious minds in this chaotic time.

For a moment, everyone stopped whatever they were doing and looked up. The people in the camp area all watched as the cavaliers rushed into the south gate of St. Petersburg.

“Good news so soon? What level of success did Arshavin get? Did this ‘god of war’ defeat all of the invaders in just one day?”

Fei shook his head as he thought about it. It was not possible.



The so-called good news was probably about the first win that Zenit got. After all, Spartax Empire had done a lot of preparation and sent 70,000 to 80,000 soldiers. Different from the small battles that Zenit and Spartax had, this was a full-on war! Even if Elder Prince Arshavin was born to be a great general, he couldn’t defeat Spartax Empire in just one day.

With this interruption, Fei no longer had the time to explain things to the beauty beside him. The deep and loud bugle sounded, and the second day of kingdom ranking matches was about to start.

Fei looked at Angela and knew that he couldn’t

he couldn’t explain everything in a short moment. Therefore, he held onto his thoughts and returned to the central tent. He had to plan and strategize with the other six participants of Chambord.

……

……

The second day of the competition started, and the hype was real.

On the No. 8 Sword-Testing Stage, Fei encountered a low-tier five-star warrior with the earth-elemental warrior energy. This warrior was a noble from a level 1 affiliated kingdom in the eastern battle region. Although he had a lot of physical strength, he had a sketchy character. In Matt Razi’s booklet, the comments about him weren’t positive. Fei didn’t want to deal with people like this and ended the fight with one punch. That punch sent his opponent flying, and the opponent landed outside the stage.

The king of Chambord won easily with one strike.

Some of the people in the crowd just blinked their eyes and didn’t even see what had happened. They could only open their eyes wide and quickly ask the people around them how the king of Chambord won……

The other matches were a lot more exciting as they took more than just one strike to finish.

The other Chambord warriors performed well.

[Destructive Finger] Cech, [Goddess of Archery] Elena, and [Son of Wind] Torres only encountered opponents who were on the four-star level. They easily won their matches and moved on.

Pierce and Drogba were weaker than the previous three, and they also encountered more powerful opponents. After long battles, they all got injured. Close to the end of their battles, they had to summon their Star Saint Sets. By using the superior protection of the Star Saint Sets and the ultimate techniques of their constellations, they barely defeated their opponents and moved on as well.

The toughness and cruelness of the kingdom ranking matches started to show.

Of course, Pierce and Drogba weren’t the unluckiest. That person was Warden

person was Warden Oleg who loved to flatter people.

Perhaps he spent too much time around dead corpses and the death energy corroded his luck, this fatty encountered one of the [Fire and Wind Dual Warriors] of the Gudong Kingdom, [Burning Fire Staff] Huerk. In less than 10 strikes, Oleg got smashed in the waist by his opponent’s staff. He flew out of the stage and lose the qualification for the next round.

“Such a terrifying control of force.”

Fei rushed to the stage Oleg was competing on after hearing the news. After he examined Oleg’s injuries, he knew that Huerk went easy on Oleg. The strike that knocked Oleg off the stage didn’t damage his bones nor internal organs.

Of course, a part of the reason why the [Burning Fire Staff] didn’t do any real damage to Oleg was that Oleg’s fat on his body got turned into a meat armor by himself. Oleg was only dizzy after falling off the high stage.

After knowing the situation, Fei found it really funny. He kicked this flatterer’s butt as he joked with him. Then, he called over a dozen Bylaw Enforcement Officers of Chambord to lift Oleg back to Chambord’s campsite.

The second day of the competition finished after six hours. Through the cruel, bloody, and intense battles, the top 13 master warriors were determined.

In the second day of the competition, one participant was extremely lucky.

He was a prince named Andrew- Shevchenko from a level 2 affiliated kingdom in the southern battle region. Because there were 25 participants in today’s competition, one participant would move on automatically by luck. This prince got the lucky number and didn’t get an opponent. Although a lot of people didn’t think this prince was a qualified warrior in the top 13 list, they had to admit that sometimes lucky was a huge part of one’s strength.



* * *





Chapter 315




Chapter 315

Chapter 315: Cruel Matches (Part One)

Compared with that prince, King Constantine of Byzantine who was also from the southern battle region wasn’t that lucky; he encountered Princess Cindy of the Bulan Kingdom. Although he got gifted [Seven Injures Fist] and the new wooden-elemental warrior energy training scroll from Fei, he was still no match to Princess Cindy. After taking three strikes from her, Constantine was knocked out of the stage.

It was fortunate that Princess Cindy was gentle and rarely injured people. Constantine ended his journey here in a good condition.

The master warrior who people felt the most empathic for was Robbin.

Because he ended his connection with the Tudor Kingdom yesterday, he couldn’t represent the Tudor Kingdom and was automatically disqualified.

This made a lot of grassroots warriors who were rooting for Robbin disappointed. A lot of older warriors and traveling poets said that Robbin with the low-tier five-star strength could get into the top 13 list and earn better titles and positions at the new legion that was about to be formed.

But after considering the fact that Robbin got the chance to serve the king of Chambord, perhaps he wasn’t unlucky at all.

……

The master warriors in the top 13 list didn’t surprise people.

As everyone expected, people like [Sky Covering Fist] the king of Chambord, [One Sword], Princess Cindy from the Bulan Kingdom, [Wind and Fire Dual Warriors] from the Gudong Kingdom, the [Silver Armored Vicious Sword] who was extremely arrogant, and [Bloody Duel Blade] who would turn his opponent into a skeleton in every match all made onto the list.

What was really shocking was that Chambord had six out of the 13 seats. This was the most seats a kingdom had since the creation of this competition. Although this was within expectation, it still made a lot of people afraid. Chambord’s growing speed was just

way too fast; it was even faster than the most optimistic outlook people gave them.

As the kingdom ranking matches were getting most heated, the news that the cavaliers delivered to St. Petersburg this morning was released by the empire.

The first battle between the two empires happened when [Zenit’s God of War] Arshavin raided the camp of [Snow Armor Legion] at night. [Snow Armor Legion] was the first troop of Spartax Empire that invaded Zenit, and it was staying at the Haishi Bay Region of Zenit. On that night, 10,000 enemies were killed, including 300 Spartax nobles and more than 100 mages. The general of [Snow Armor Legion] Rudick who was known as the third most famous general and one of the top ten master warriors of Spartax was captured alive. He would be sent back to St. Petersburg in a few days.

Everyone at Zenit was hyped by the news.

Like a dash of lightning, this news got rid of the darkness that was on top of everyone’s head.

Even the nobles and officials who were keen on the method of negotiation and tried to keep everything peaceful became passionate citizens who promoted the method of battle and war. Many voices were shouting “counterattack”. Many people wanted to counter-invade Spartax Empire and conquer this evil and bloody enemy empire once for all.

Literally, almost everyone worshipped Elder Prince Arshavin. The younger people all promoted and praised Arshavin didn’t matter if they were from a poor or noble background. In comparison, Second Prince Dominguez looked more and more insignificant.

Everyone in St. Petersburg was calling for the counter-invade of Spartax Empire.

Before the sunset, a more shocking news came out of the capital.

The empire was going to draft soldiers for a counter-invade. Emperor Yassin who was ill to his bones personally ordered a conscription. The content of this order made of a

a lot of people excited. This time, Emperor Yassin was going to recruit 100,000 young men to form five brand-new legions and engage in a dead-or-alive war with Spartax Empire.

Conscription of 100,000 people!

This number shocked many people.



This was the biggest conscription in Zenit’s history. Even the most insensitive person could feel the deep murderous intent in this order.

This pretty much represented the prequel to the war that would only end when one empire ended. Everyone was talking among themselves. There were all kinds of rumors, but the one that many people think was the likeliest was that Emperor Yassin wanted to destroy Zenit’s mortal enemy Spartax Empire before he dies.

Everyone knew that Emperor Yassin was a heroic figure. The proudest thing he had done in his life was to destroy the former level 3 Spartax Empire using his strength and establish level 1 Empire Zenit. His dream in life was also to destroy the new Spartax Empire that was formed by the survived Spartax nobles and royals.

Too bad Emperor Yassin hadn’t realized this dream yet.

Heroes would age as well. Even though Emperor Yassin was talented and heroic, he was getting weaker by the day. It felt like he was finally going to gamble using his life’s work and try his best to realize his dream.

What fueled this rumor were the news that kept on coming from the battlefront in the south.

Ever since the first good news about the first win came to St. Petersburg, the good news kept on coming back to the capital non-stop. The thunder-like clip-clop noises and the “Good News” shouts never stopped; it sounded all day and all night.

Fei even started to suspect if Arshavin had already destroyed all the invaders in the southern regions of Zenit, and the massagers’ speed can’t catch up with the speed of victories Arshavin

victories Arshavin was having.

It wasn’t until the night of the second day that the frequency of appearance of the massagers slowed down.

On that night, lights were on throughout the camp area and St. Petersburg. Many people couldn’t sleep as they couldn’t comprehend what was happening. All of the stuff that had happened in a short time created a lot of uncertainty. Anxiousness was like a dark cloud that loomed above a lot of people’s head.

All the good news from the battlefront stimulated a lot of citizens. The third day of kingdom ranking matches got more than 100,000 audiences. When the morning sunlight shone on Moro Mountains, the south gate of St. Petersburg opened. People flooded out like the fast current of a river and occupied the area around the Sword-Testing Stages. They all waited for the top seven master warriors to be determined.

Although the situation changed a lot and Arshavin won over a lot of fans and gained a lot of merits, Dominguez still smiled and hosted the competition to fill in Emperor Yassin’s place.

As consecutive good news came from the battlefront, it made a lot of people in the capital interested in kingdom ranking matches that were at the latest stage. They were interested in bloody battles and powerful warriors as a dense battle-ready atmosphere appeared in the capital.

The 13 master warriors appeared in the center of the camp area. With everyone watching, they drew their opponents.

As time passed, the battles were finalized. On a magic screen, everything was shown.

The results of the draw were very interesting in the eyes of the audience.

“Hahaha, Chambord is going to have an internal battle?”

“Magic Princess Cindy is going to meet that sick man? She is in danger……”

“[Son of Wind] is facing that man? Looks like Chambord’s luck isn’t that good today!”

“So dramatic! The matches would be entertaining.”

“……”

People in the

entertaining.”

“……”

People in the crowd murmured among themselves.

……

Fei wasn’t too lucky.

His opponent was [White Haired Fast Sword] Pierce.

This match would mean that one of Chambord warriors would end his journey here.

Of course, no one thought that the king of Chambord was going to lose to his subordinate.

“Your majesty, should I jump off the stage myself or should we act a little before I jump off?” Pierce asked in a joking tone.

“Boom……”

Fei punched out.

The match began.

The result wasn’t too different from people’s expectation. After 10 strikes, Pierce got knocked out of the No. 1 Sword-Testing Stage. Fei obviously went easy on his subordinate. Otherwise, the man couldn’t even handle one strike.

……

[Black Haired Vicious Fist] Drogba wasn’t lucky as well.

His opponent was [Wind Thunder Staff] Kanort of the Gudong Kingdom.

Both of them were used to the upfront fighting style. Using the Star Saint Set, Drogba was able to defend against Kanort’s attacks. They both used at least 100 strikes, and snow, dust, and thunder noises filled the stage. The No. 4 Sword-Testing Stage almost got destroyed, and the audiences who were watching this shocking battle felt like their blood was boiling. They cheered on the two warriors loudly.

“Hahaha, take this! Take this punch from me!”

“Good, let me see if your fist is harder or my staff is harder.”

Bam! Bam! Bam!

Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom!

This was a battle between two real men.

There weren’t any fancy techniques; there were only directly collisions of strength!

Near the end of the battle, more than 10,000 audiences held onto their breath and stopped blinking as they waited for the final showdown.

The battle ended in loud colliding noises. Drogba was a little weaker and didn’t successfully defend against Kanort’s ultimate technique [ Wind and Thunder Strike]. Blood spurted out of Drogba’s mouth and his internal organs even moved locations. He directly fainted on the stage.



* * *





Chapter 316




Chapter 316

Chapter 316: Cruel Battle (Part One)



Even though Drogba was defeated, he showed his iron will. Despite the fact that he fainted, his body was reluctant to fall down. This heroic and tragic scene moved a lot of audiences.

His opponent [Wind Thunder Staff] Kanort didn’t have an easy fight as well; fists marks were all over his body. His metal armor and leather inner-armor were all cracked by Drogba’s fists, and the staff that was made from hard metal was twisted into the shape of a licorice candy. He was staggering on stage as blood flowed out of his nose, mouth, and ears.

Kanort was more powerful than Drogba, but he decided to use this upfront fighting style to respect Drogba and got injured pretty severely.

Both of them were real warriors.



……

On the No.6 Sword-Testing Stage.

Elena who was very popular already made all her fans scream.

Her opponent was the other [Fire and Wind Dual Warriors] – [Burning Fire Staff] Huerk.

Many traveling poets stated that this strong opponent who defeated Oleg yesterday was capable of making it into the top-7 list. However, under the arrows of Elena, he lost in less than 20 strikes. Elena used one of her arrows to pierce through both Huerk’s metal staff and his left shoulder. Huerk knew that he wasn’t able to defeat Elena and backed out of the stage.

“Such terrifying damage. [Burning Fire Staff ] Huerk isn’t even her match?”

“Huh, [Goddess of Archery] had pierced through the water curtain-like magic array around the stage using her arrows! She is at least a seven-star warrior! How can Huerk win against that?”

……

Not far from this stage, [Destructive Finger] Cech encountered the most arrogant and most high-profile contestant, [Silver Armored Vicious Sword].

This match was the weirdest out of the matches today. Both parties had similar strength, and the match was dead even with no one getting the upper-hand in the first 40

minutes.

However, the silver armor on [Silver Armored Vicious Sword]’s body suddenly shone at the 41st minute. Dashes of silver light appeared on his body in a strange pattern, and the lights caused pain for audiences who were looking right at them. After a split second, the silver lights disappeared, and Cech fell onto the stage; no one knew if he was dead or alive……

Like an idiot, [Silver Armored Vicious Sword] placed his hands around his waist and laughed arrogantly. “[One Sword] and the king of Chambord both can’t defeat me!” He claimed.

“Who can tell me how that arrogant bastard won that?”

“What were those silver lights?”

“[Destructive Finger] lost right after the silver lights flashed by……”

People in the audience started to murmur among themselves. After the judge announced the formal results, a few Bylaw Officers of Chambord rushed onto the stage. They stared at [Silver Armored Vicious Sword], who was still laughing like an idiot, angrily as they carried Cech back to Chambord’s campsite.

……

On the No.10 Sword-Testing Stage.

This was a battle that everyone knew who the winner would be. However, a lot of people were still concerned about it.

[Son of Wind] Fernando-Torres who had a lot of female fans was facing off the most powerful opponent yet – [One Sword].

The battle was not too different from people’s speculations.

Torres had no chance of winning while facing [One Sword] who was known for using only one strike. A dash of sword energy rushed out of [One Sword]’s rusty sword. It turned more than a dozen flying arrows into specks of iron dust, and ut turned the magic item [Eagle Bow] in Torres’ hand into halves. If the blonde young man wasn’t wearing the Star Saint Set, his body would be cut in half as well.

His name was [One Sword]; therefore, he won’t strike again.

It was because of this strange rule [One Sword] upheld that allowed Torres to survive. Otherwise,

Otherwise, Torres who was already severely injured would be easily killed if [One Sword] struck again.

However, what took place was a little different from what everyone had guessed.

[One Sword] was a little different than usual; he had a strong murderous intent when he struck out the first time, and it was very different from the chill temperament he had in previous matches. It was obvious that he tried to kill Torres, and he didn’t expect Torres to have such a magical armor that was able to cancel out his unparalleled sword energy.

After he dealt the first strike, he actually even hesitated a little as he really wanted to strike again. In the end, he held back and allowed [Son of Wind] Torres to live.



“Looks like [One Sword] is becoming hostile toward us Chambord.”

Oleg who recovered from his injuries saw everything that took place on the stage. He quickly ordered the Bylaw Officers to carry Torres back to Chambord’s campsite as he discussed the situation with Inzagi and Robbin who were beside him.

“Doesn’t matter. He is no match for my master!” Inzagi stated firmly as he watched [One Sword] walk away.

……

A most hyped match was taking place on the No.2 Sword-Testing Stage.

[No.1 Goddess Among All Affiliated Kingdom] Princess Cindy was facing off the bloodiest and cruelest contestant [Bloody Duel Blades].

[No.1 Goddess Among All Affiliated Kingdom] Princess Cindy was loved by all. She was known as the Magic Princess who was beautiful and valiant. On the other hand, [Bloody Duel Blades] was a mysterious warrior who loved to turn his opponents into skeletons; no one ever survived under his blades.

Everyone wanted to know if the cruel and evil warrior would get his punishment or the beautiful Magic Princess would get turned into a skeleton by the end of the match.

This match was the most anticipated since no one knew exactly how powerful they were.

Although Matt Razi,

Matt Razi, the No.1 Traveling Poet of Zenit, stated that Magic Princess Cindy could rival against the king of Chambord and [One Sword], this beautiful prince hasn’t demonstrated any strength that could back up that comment yet in this battle.

[Bloody Duel Blades] was using two blades that were strangely shaped. The blades along with his body were moving so fast that the audience couldn’t tell where they were; all the audience could see was a vague black shadow.

As the bloody warrior struck at the beautiful figure in the center of the stage, Princess Cindy stood still. She opened her mouth and chant a series of mysterious sounds.

Immediately, a silver ice magic sphere enveloped her from the damage.

As if she fell asleep, Princess Cindy closed her eyes. However, she was still holding onto the huge wand using her left hand.

On the stage, the wind created by the blades of the bloody warrior fluttered Princess Cindy’s hair and her loose-fit mage robe through the magic sphere. As the wind blew at her, her robe was pressed against the front of her body. Her chest, belly, legs were all perfectly traced out. Under the light of the magic spell, she looked even more beautiful and unparalleled.

The battle turned to a competition for stamina.

The strange blades of [Bloody Duel Blades] created a blade tornado and continued to attack Princess Cindy. However, the ice magic sphere tightly protected her. Although cracks would appear on the sphere from time to time, they would be sealed as Princess Cindy poured magic energy into it. The pair of blades that had tortured so many warriors and the ice sphere made a series of metal-colliding noises and created some sparks; it felt like this ice sphere was actually made from metal.

The situation stayed the same after one hour.

Tens of thousands of people in the audience weren’t getting impatient. Rather, they were all nervous and watched the

and watched the battle closely. They all knew that the calmer it looked, the more dangerous it was. Anyone who made a small mistake would be immediately punished if not killed!

The people in the crowd would gasp from time to time. The battle no longer depended on how many trump cards each party had; it was depended on the endurance and the stamina of the parties.

As time passed, all other matches of the day finished. Everyone in the camp area came here to witness this battle.

People like Fei, Kanort, and [Silver Armored Vicious Sword] all appeared and watched quietly in the audience.

In the late stage of the competition, anyone who won their match was a top-tier master warrior. They had to observe each other carefully and try to find weaknesses that they could exploit. They had to especially focus on Princess Cindy who got such a high praise from Matt Razi.

Everyone knew that the masters who would be in the top-7 list got there not because of luck – Oh, except for one. That prince named Andrew- Shevchenko from the level 2 affiliated kingdom was lucky enough to not get an opponent this round as well! If the regulation around the competition wasn’t tight, people would think that he was cheating.

With 40,000 to 50,000 people watching, the match continued to the fourth hour; no one expected this from happening.

Fei left when two hours had passed.

He already knew the outcome of this special battle.

[Bloody Duel Blades] who was in black was running out of stamina; Fei saw his legs shiver. Gradually, the black shadow that couldn’t be spotted started to slow down. Some master warriors started to be able to see where he was, and his blades moved slower as well.

Although normal warriors and most of the audience couldn’t notice this, Princess Cindy who was a top-tier master would surely use this opportunity to turn things around.



* * *





Chapter 317




Chapter 317

Chapter 317: Skeleton (Part One)

Just like how Fei predicted, [Bloody Dual Blades] could no longer keep his terrifying attacks up after another hour. He was forced to stop for a split second.

At this moment, the Magic Princess who had her eyes closed for a long time made her move. After meditating for so long, she cast the powerful spell [Ice Blade-Storm]. Instantly, the ice magic sphere around her beautiful body shattered and got turned into numerous pieces of ice blades. These ice blades instantly covered [Bloody Dual Blades].

The complete turn of defense to offense was magical, and the ice storm created by Princess Cindy looked beautiful.

[Bloody Dual Blades]’s defense was nowhere near his level of offense. Under the attack of the magic spell that the Magic Princess prepared for a long time, he didn’t even last ten seconds.

His defense got broke, and numerous sharp ice blades screamed as they pierced into his body. A cloud of blood mist appeared on the stage, and bone crackling noises also sounded. After a while, all the flying ice blades disappeared as if they evaporated into thin air. The two strangely-shaped blades made a noise as they landed on the ground. Other than the two blades, the only thing that the audience could see was a perfect white skeleton!

[Bloody Dual Blades] got sliced and diced by the ice blades, and all of his flesh got removed

from his bones. After everything was done, the skeleton was the only thing that was left.

It was how he liked to kill his opponents.

No one expected that the bloody warrior would die under the same torturous method that he used. Could this be the punishment from gods for being so cruel?

Also, no one expected that calm and graceful Magic Princess Cindy could have this cold and cruel side to her. Everyone knew that the Magic Princess deliberately chose this method to torture her opponent.

It was obvious that this beautiful princess was very angry at the [Bloody Dual Blades] for his merciless cruel killings.

After the judge announced the formal results, a huge pair of wings made from wind magic elements appeared behind this Magic Princess. Like a real goddess, the wings fluttered as she disappeared from the stage. After she was gone, everyone in the crowd woke up from the shock. A lot of people started to cry, cheer, chant Princess Cindy’s name; a lot of people’s loved ones had died in the hands of [Bloody Dual Blades], and a lot of people hated him……

People who were in the top-7 list such as [Wind Thunder Staff], [Silver Armored Vicious Sword], and [Lucky Prince] Shevchenko left the crowd with seriousness written all over their faces. Princess Cindy did indeed bring them a lot of pressure. As the crowd started to break off, some people rubbed

rubbed their eyes to make sure that they weren’t hallucinating…… they saw a figure how looked like [One Sword] …… same loneliness…… same proudness.

Could it be that the calm and invincible [One Sword] also sensed some pressure from his competitors? He had never paid attention to any of his potential opponents before……

……

After returning to Chambord’s campsite, Fei turned into a professional doctor and started treating the Chambordians who got injured during the competition.

Drogba was completely knocked out by [Wind Thunder Staff] Kanort. Although he had the protection of his Star Saint Set, he wasn’t powerful enough to utilize all of the functionalities of it. His internal organs all shifted out of their places due to the huge impact force, and his bones and muscles were being damaged by Kanort’s wind and thunder energy that contained in the [Wind and Thunder Strike]. Fei used the [Health Potion] to heal the bodily injuries and the aura of his Paladin Character to get rid of the wind and thunder energy. In terms of the dislocation of Drogba’s internal organs, he had to take time to let his body slowly recover on its own.



Cech’s injury was very special. There weren’t any clear wounds on his body; it felt like he was either poisoned or he was in a deep sleep. He was in a deep level of unconsciousness that no one could wake him up. After

up. After Fei did a lot of checks, he couldn’t make any new discoveries. It was fortunate that all Cech’s bodily organs were functioning properly and there weren’t immediate dangers. Fei had to take it slow.

Fernando-Torres was the one who got most injured.

[One Sword]’s strike easily chopped his weapon in half. If it wasn’t for the Star Saint Set, he would have died on the stage. However, the injuries caused by the sword energy could be easily healed by the aura of Fei’s Paladin Character. After Fei got rid of the sword energy inside Torres’ body and gave Torres a bottle of [Health Potion] to drink, the young guard of Fei was able to walk around. Torres would be able to completely recover with some light rest.

After he was done treating Torres, Fei’s expression got very gloomy.

He could tell that [One Sword] wanted to kill Torres on the spot by just examining Torres’ injuries. However, Fei didn’t understand why [One Sword] would do this…… there weren’t any real grudges between Chambord and [One Sword], so why was [One Sword] being so cruel? Could it be that [One Sword] was actually a short-tempered person who can’t even endure being compared to the king of Chambord?

Fei realized that he knew too little about [One Sword].

……

The results of today’s matches weren’t good for Chambord. Out of the warriors of Chambord who made into the top-13 list, most of

list, most of them lost. Except for Fei and Elena, all other Chambord warriors lost on the stage. Although it was a setback for Chambord, Fei wasn’t too disappointed.

This was, in fact, within his expectations.

Except for Elena who continued to level up and cultivate with the similar speed as him, the other master warriors of Chambord were all boosted by the [Hulk Potion]. Although their talent for cultivation did improve, they only had limited time to practice and train. In less than half a year, they made some real progress. But compared with the master warriors who were naturally talented and had years of training, they were all too weak.

For Chambord who was a weak and crappy level 6 affiliated kingdom to make it thus far in the competition, it was already a great achievement. It was already enough to shock the whole empire with a result like this.

The warriors of Chambord had done their parts, and it won’t affect the situation too much with them out of the competition.

To be honest, Fei was hoping for them to lose and get out of the competition at this time. The battles between the top 7 masters would get more fierce and dangerous. Masters like [One Sword], [Silver Armored Vicious Sword], and Princess Cindy were all too powerful. Warriors like Drogba couldn’t win at all, and getting knocked out here would only help Chambord reduce its casualties.



* * *





Chapter 318




Chapter 318

Chapter 318: [God’s Favorite Child]’s Night Visit (Part One)

The golden sunlight soon disappeared on the horizon, and the golden waves in the river also lost their color as the sun went down.

Before mid-night, Fei went into the tents of his men and checked up on them. After more than half a day of rest, Drogba and Torres almost completely recovered. After all, Fei used both [Health Potion] and his aura to treat them.

Fei didn’t use [Health Potion] and his aura this time; rather, he let their bodies to self-recover the last bit of injuries.

However, Cech was still in the weird condition. He was breathing normally, and his heart was pumping normally as well. Fei still couldn’t wake him up or make any new discoveries.

“Looks like I need to get some more experienced doctors to come and check this out. Or, I can wait until this competition is over and go find that [Silver Armored Vicious Sword] myself to figure out what is going.”

Fei told others to take care of Cech, and he then let Pierce and Drogba to temporarily take over the military control of Chambord’s campsite.

When it was mid-night, Fei switched to Assassin Mode. After he inspected the campsite in secrecy, he disappeared into the Moro Mountains. In less than ten minutes, he appeared in the [Huge Pit Battlefield] that was on the outer layer of Moro Mountains. Many days had passed, but all the magic arrays still tightly protected this battlefield earnestly as powerful magic energy flowed inside of them; it felt like they were trying to trap this battlefield inside.

Although he knew that the mysterious man wasn’t going to come anymore and the magic arrays won’t help him in terms of training the spiritual power, he still wanted to come here and see it again habitually.

On top of that, there was another important reason; he was here to erase all

of the traces of him. For some reason, he felt like this was the only way to erase some kind of danger at an early stage.

After one hour, Fei finally erased all of his own traces carefully. The only things that could be found on the battlefield were the Fist Spiritual Spatial Seals and auras of that mysterious man and that mysterious assassin.

Standing on a hill that was outside the battlefield, Fei looked across the mountains as the wind fluttered his hair. Fei thought about that father-like and teacher-like mysterious man; he knew he wasn’t going to come anymore. After he took another glance at the battlefield, he dashed off the mountains and went back to Chambord’s campsite.

Perhaps he would never come here again.

……

“Your majesty, you are finally back!” Oleg who was patrolling around with the soldiers of Chambord ran over to Fei after he saw him. This fatty looked very anxious, and there was obviously some urgent matter that came up.

“Who came?” Fei saw a delicate magic carriage that was emitting a silver light parked inside Chambord’s campsite. There were about 60 cavaliers in silver armors and black capes guarding around the carriage; a red cross could be clearly seen on their chest plates. Fei was confused: “They are from the Church?”

“Yeah, Your Majesty. Big characters! [God’s Favorite Child] Mr. Kaka as well as the accompanying Red-Robe Priest Balesi. They have been waiting for you for a while now.”

Oleg was obviously afraid of the people from the Holy Church. After he saw the king’s return, he quickly ran over and whispered into Fei’s ear.

Shortly after Fei left the campsite, Mr. Kaka, Priest Balesi, and another accompanying priest from St. Petersburg came. They said that they were here to see the king of Chambord. Since Fei wasn’t here, they had been waiting in a tent for more than an hour.

Fei nodded and didn’t really

really show any weird expressions. Although he calmly asked Oleg to go and report his arrival, he was actually very shocked.

For some reason, [God’s Favorite Child] Mr. Kaka was always interested in him. He sent Fei invitations when Fei fought with the four Executive Knights, and he invited Fei again when Priest Balesi went to the headquarter of Blood-Edge. If anyone else was treated like this by the Holy Church, they would have accepted the invitation and went over as fast as they can. However, Fei tried his best to avoid it; he still hadn’t paid a visit to [God’s Favorite Child] Mr. Kaka who was from the Holy Mountain and was just passing by St. Petersburg.



There were several reasons why Fei didn’t want to go. First of all, Fei was influenced by his previous life experience, and he didn’t believe in gods. Second of all, Priest Zola and his henchmen who resided in Chambord were arrogant and overbearing; they left a bad impression in Fei’s mind. As a result, Fei didn’t like this huge powerhouse – Holy Church at all. Third of all, Fei had the power of Necromancer from Diablo World, and he used it before when he was defending Chambord in the first battle he ever got into. Although one character’s power won’t leak when Fei was using another character, Fei wanted to stay far away from the Holy Church just in case.

In the last few months, Fei had already known more about the Holy Church compared to before.

The Holy Church hated the power of the Undead Magic; they hated it so much that it felt like the Undead Magic had ruined their families. As soon as traces of Undead Magic was found, the Holy Church would implement cruel Iron-Blood Policy where they would rather kill a thousand innocent people than letting one Undead Mage escape. On Azeroth Continent, people

Continent, people were drowned in rivers, burned on crosses, or hang on trees at any given second for being related to Undead Mages……Without exaggeration, if someone said that Chambord was connected with an Undead Mage, most of Chambord’s royalties would be killed if not completely wiped out. The same thing would happen if the person who reported it was a beggar on the street corner. After all, the Iron-Blood Policy of the Holy Church would be 100% upheld.

Fei really wanted to avoid this [God’s Favorite Child] Mr. Kaka, but that man looked for him proactively.

“Damn! Are all the enemies supposed to meet each other?” Fei thought.

The cavaliers who were guarding the magic carriage looked at Fei with hostility and mockery as Fei walked toward the tent where Chambord hosted its guests. In the eyes of these cavaliers, Fei was a sinner for not even showing up to Mr. Kaka’s invitations. And when the honorable Mr. Kaka came here to this small campsite, this small king even dared to keep him waiting.

“Haha, King Alexander. It has been tough, but we finally met!”

As soon as Fei stepped into the tent, Priest Balesi’s loud laughter sounded.

Fei looked up and saw this Top-Tier Priest who he met before standing up from his seat and walking towards him. The priest had a warm smile on his face, and he was greeting Fei politely. The elder was still wearing the old robe that was filled with white and black patches as well as a pair of shoes made from barks and grasses. His white hair and white beard gave off a timeless aura. Although he appeared wise, there was still a light haughty feel to him. However, this haughtiness was well hidden that it was hard to discover.

Priest Balesi was a powerful person who Fei met in the underground cave inside Blood-Edge’s headquarter.

He was also a Red-Robe Top-Tier Priest from the Holy

from the Holy Church.

This elder would attract anyone’s attention didn’t matter where he was.

However, Fei’s attention was grabbed by a man who was sitting beside Balesi. The young man was sitting at a more honorable seat, and he was smiling as he stood up.

This young man was in his twenties. His brown hair was fluttering a little, and his facial features perfectly showcased what it meant to be handsome. With his clear eyes filled with earnestness and sincere, people would automatically like him. His body was slim, but he didn’t look weak. His broad chest and strong arms demonstrated his perfect physique. He was wearing a black and white standard church robe; it was clean and simple. However, the golden strips around the wrist of his robe added a noble aura to him. Overall, he was so bright that it looked like he was the son of the gods who got left behind in this world.

Without an introduction, Fei knew that this man must be [God’s Favorite Child] Mr. Kaka who was from the Holy Mountain by just looking at him.

After seeing how perfect this Mr. Kaka was, Fei who was very proud of himself even felt a little jealous.

This was a perfect man.

For some reason, Fei suddenly thought of Dominguez when he saw this Mr. Kaka. Both Dominguez and Kaka were so handsome that it was shocking. A single glance from them would make numerous girls and woman scream and faint. However, they were a little different. The Second Prince was more laid back and more chill. On the other hand, Kaka was more bright and upbeat.

One of them was like the moon, and the other one was like the sun; they were all special in their own ways.

In their worlds, all other people were like the stars. Didn’t matter how bright the stars tried to shine, they could never be compared to these two.



* * *





Chapter 319




Chapter 319

Chapter 319: The Tense Atmosphere (Part One)

“King Alexander, we have finally met.” Kaka’s magnetic voice sounded. Mixed with his handsome appearance, he was showing a very special charm.

“Your Highness, it is an honor to finally meet you…..” Fei quickly walked up and started to chat with this handsome Kaka. With an earnest smile on his face, Fei apologized for not being able to visit Kaka earlier. In his words, he was really busy with administrative duties.

As he explained himself, he tried to inspect how powerful this Kaka was. However, Fei wasn’t able to detect anything. It felt like this young man was just like an ordinary civilian, but Fei knew that it was because this [God’s Favorite Child] was too powerful for him to see through.

Although Kaka’s identity was really noble, he treated people with fairness and gentleness; it seemed like he didn’t mind Fei’s previous declines to his invitations. After everyone had sat down accordingly, Kaka smiled and said: “I have always heard that the king of Chambord is heroic and generous. You had established the Three-Sector Six-Department structure as well as the Law of the Twelve Tables. You managed to turn a weak and dying Chambord into a prosperous level 1 affiliated kingdom; it is miracle work! In addition to that, you have shown your unparalleled strength in this competition and gained a lot of fans. I always wanted to meet you in person, and that was why I tried to invite you over several times. However, I forgot that Your Majesty has been busy coordinating all the matches. It was my fault, and I apologize for causing troubles for you.”

Didn’t matter if he meant it or not, what Kaka said made Fei feel very comfortable.

From what Kaka had said, it seemed like this [God’s Favorite Child] had done his research. He knew exactly what happened at Chambord to details.

Soon, Kaka continued with the smile: “Tomorrow is a very important day in the competition, and I shouldn’t be

here bothering you. However, I’m leaving St. Petersburg tonight, and I really want to chat with you before I leave. That is why I came here at this time of the day, and I hope that you won’t get mad at me.”

“You are being too humble, Your Highness. It is my honor to have you here.” Kaka’s image was getting better and better in Fei’s mind.

In the rumors that Fei heard from other nobles in St, Petersburg, this [God’s Favorite Child] Kaka who was from the Holy Mountain was very mysterious and never showed himself in public. In the last two weeks, only Emperor Yassin and the Bishop of the Holy Church who looked over Zenit Region met him. All other people didn’t even get the chance of seeing him from afar let alone meeting him…… “Why is such a person so humble and polite in front of me?” Fei thought.

Although Fei had a lot of questions, his impression of this [God’s Favorite Child] was very good. Kaka was very humble and gentle like a warm jade. “Gentlemen are like jades,” Fei recalled an old saying and thought that it perfectly described Kaka.

For a moment, Fei and Kaka were having a great conversation. All other people including Priest Balesi were listening and didn’t interrupt.

Surprisingly, Fei found that Kaka’s thoughts and beliefs were very similar to his. He felt like he found the perfect confidant.

Ever since Fei arrived on this Azeroth Continent, he was forced to change and adapt to the worldly view and morals of this world. However, since the traditions here were very different than the traditions in his previous life, Fei couldn’t really talk about the beliefs and ideologies he had with people on Azeroth Continent or people in Diablo World. But today, a lot of what Kaka had talked about reflected beliefs that were very similar to Fei’s. Closer to the end of their conversation, they were having so much fun that excitement showed on their faces.

Fei was

was so thrilled that he waved his hands, moved a heavy stone table, and positioned it in front of him and Kaka. Like two great friends, they started drinking and chatting even more. Because time flew when they were having fun, they already downed four big bottles of top-quality wine that Elder Princess gave Fei as a present.

This scene purely demonstrated what it meant by “Drinking thousands of cups of wine is too little when you have a real confidant.” (Old Chinese saying)

The warriors of Chambord all looked at each other in surprise. They had never seen the king act this way before. It was the first time that the king was having so much fun chatting with an outsider. Priest Balesi, as well as other priests and cavaliers, were surprised as well. If they didn’t see it with their own eyes, they won’t believe that the humble, gentle, and haughty Mr. Kaka would show this side of him to someone who he just met; especially when that person’s identity was only a little king of an affiliated kingdom – of course, among the people from the Holy Church, Balesi knew a little about Fei’s other identity.



“I heard that you have also mastered the Holy Power of the Holy Church? Is that true?” Kaka asked Fei this question near the end; it was hard to tell if Kaka asked this question intentionally or not.

“I do have some understanding of it,” Fei said as he switched to Paladin Mode. The golden aura flowed around him, and he appeared kind, generous, noble, and gentle. This energy was exactly the same as the Holy Power that the people of the Holy Church tried to cultivate. However, it seemed like Fei’s power was purer, and the entire space inside the tent got brighter and more cheerful.

The Holy Church didn’t prohibit people from practicing the Holy Power; instead, they actually encouraged people and called them the subjects of the gods. Therefore, Fei didn’t hide his Paladin

his Paladin Power. Moreover, Fei had used his Paladin’s skills before and many people witnessed it; it would be hard for him to hide it.

“God! I didn’t expect you to have such an advanced understanding of the Holy Power.” Kaka’s reaction was very real. As if he had confirmed something, his eyes lit up as he clapped and laughed: “I was planning to invite you to join the Holy Church, but it seems like I was planning unnecessary work! Haha! No need!”

Fei smiled and didn’t say anything.

The king knew what Kaka meant.

The color of his “Holy Power” must have misguided this [God’s Favorite Child]. Just like the Priest Zola at Chambord, Kaka thought that Fei was also a [God’s Favorite Child]. After these days of learning, Fei understood how important the color of the Holy Power was to the Holy Church. There had never been a “wild” [God’s Favorite Child] before. Before the [God’s Favorite Children] were born, the god-tier device in the Holy Mountain would detect them, and the forces of the Holy Church would try to find them and recruit them into the Church for future development.

The identity of [God’s Favorite Child] was really noble. It was said that they were the representatives of gods, and they all had the chance to become the supreme leader of the Holy Church – the Pope. These [God’s Favorite Children] had one special and obvious characteristic – their Holy Power would be gold compared to the silver color of others.

Fei was the first “wild” [God’s Favorite Child] in this history of Azeroth.

Unless he met the Pope who knew exactly how many [God’s Favorite Children] there were and the names of them, Fei would be able to fool everyone else with his Golden “Holy Power”.

It was obvious! Even Kaka who was a [God’s Favorite Child] even believed Fei’s other identity.

Beside Kaka who was smiling joyously, the Priest Balesi squinted his eyes.

As if he was getting to know the king for the second time, he carefully

time, he carefully observed him; he didn’t even try to hide his rude inspection. What made Fei curious was that well-hidden murderous intent and hostility could be sensed from Balesi’s eyes that were calm a moment ago. If Fei didn’t switch back to Barbarian Mode that was extremely sensitive to hostility, he would be fool by this elder and won’t be able to detect it.

Behind Balesi, the few armored cavaliers were shocked by what they saw. Their expressions changed the most as a sense of respect and hostility appeared on their faces. However, the hostility on them was more obvious, and even people like Drogba, Pierce, and Robbin sensed it.

The atmosphere in the tent got tense as people from both parties got a little nervous.

As if the cold north wind blew through the curtain, the temperature inside the tent dropped a lot; it was bone-chilling.

The only two people who seemed unaffected by all this was Fei and Kaka. As if nothing had happened, they looked at each other and smiled as they chugged down their wine.

At this time, a fragrance appeared as a series of footsteps sounded outside the tent. After the curtain door was opened, a person walked in and brightened up the tent.

It was the future queen, Angela.

Kaka felt like his world lit up, and he sensed a feel of spring despite the fact that it was still winter.

As a noble [God’s Favorite Child], Kaka who had left the Holy Mountain and been traveling through the continent for five years was invited to all kinds of parties and balls as an honorable guest. He had been to numerous upper-class dinners, and he had met numerous beautiful woman. However, none of them have moved him as much as this girl in front of him. This girl in the white dress was special. Her black long hair was tied behind her head, and she was wearing a golden snake-shaped armband. She was clear and fresh like the spring water inside a natural valley.



* * *





Chapter 320




Chapter 320

Chapter 320: Purest Soul (Part One)

The cavaliers inside the tent were all loyal to the gods. They had all sworn to give everything to the gods, and their willpower were all strong and firm. Despite all that, they had to move their eyes away after looking at Angela for a few seconds; they were afraid that their loyalty towards the gods will crumble if they looked at the girl for too long.

However, Balesi with the white hair and white beard acted in a surprising manner.

Ever since Angela walked in, this priest who was in his fifties stared at her directly. Different from the cavaliers who quickly looked away, Balesi’s stare was full of invasiveness. As if his eyes were two daggers, it felt like they cut open Angela and inspected her soul.

“I heard that you are having a great time talking with Mr. Kaka His Highness, and you guys already finished five big bottles of wine. Therefore, I ordered the maids to prepare a few more bottles of wine, and I also ordered the chef to cook up some delicate dishes.” Angela smiled at Fei as she explained. After that, she smiled at everyone else and told the four maids behind her to bring up the prepared items. Soon, more than a dozen dishes of delicate food were placed on the table in front of everyone.

There were actually a few more dishes in the food boxes in the maids’ hands.

These food boxes were products created by Fei when he was chilling with Angela. There were simple and basic magic arrays engraved on the inside of the boxes, and they could keep the temperature inside the box constant so food inside the boxes would be kept cold or hot. These boxes were far better than the fridges and thermal lunch boxes in Fei’s previous life.

The dishes in the boxes were ones created by Fei as well; they were dishes such as “Kung Pao Chicken” and “Double Cooked Pork”. They were all made with ingredients that were found on Azeroth Continent. Although they might not be as delicious as some of the best food in this world and they weren’t exactly like the dishes on earth, they looked special, and they were

created by Fei and Angela; these dishes represented some of the sweet moments Fei and Angela had.

After Angela heard that Fei drank a lot of wine and was having a great time with the guests, she and Emma cooked these dishes and brought them here.

In Angela’s mind, since these people were Fei’s guests, they should be treated well.

As Angela was putting down the dishes, Priest Balesi’s eyes were still locked on her. His eyes were blurry since he was old, but at this moment, they were brighter than ever. Two vague silver lights dashed out of his eyes as he carefully observed Angela all around.

This kind of expression would only appear on addicted poker players who had a great hand, greedy merchants who discovered a gold mine, and a thirsty man who saw an unparalleled beauty.

“Bam!”

Both Pierce and Drogba hit the table and stood up. They sneered as they stared at Priest Balesi with anger. Their hands were already on their weapons. If this Balesi wasn’t an important figure in the Holy Church, these two would have already drawn out their swords and attacked Balesi. The fact that Balesi was looking at the future queen of Chambord in such an offensive way already triggered these warriors of Chambord.

Fei also sneered as he looked at Balesi.

He knew that this Top-Tier Priest from the Holy Church wasn’t thinking about obscenity. However, the desire in his eyes was a hundred times more terrifying than greed. As if he discovered a precious treasure, he was looking at Angela in a way that it felt like Angela was no longer a human but an item to him.

Fei instantly lost all respect he had towards this elder. He sneered again and turned around as he stared at Kaka who was sitting in front of him.

Kaka obviously didn’t expect this as well. He frowned and coughed. “Teacher,” he reminded Balesi with a quiet voice.

Kaka was quiet and gentle with his tone, but it felt like his words carried an indescribable magic. Like the eruption of a volcano, it was able to wake up people who had fallen asleep for numerous year.

Fei was a little shocked. Kaka definitely used a special technique…… This [God’s Favorite Child] wasn’t as simple as

as he seemed.

“Your Highness…… Oh, my apologies……” Balesi’s body shivered a little as he moved his eyes off of Angela.

This white-haired elder looked at Kaka and smiled; as he nodded his head, a strange light appeared in his eyes. After that, he smiled at Fei. The smile was so bright that it seemed like he wasn’t sorry about his rude behavior at all. Soon, his eyes went back to Angela as he continued to observe and nod repeatedly.

After seeing this rude act again, people like Drogba could no longer hold back the anger. They shouted and was able to draw their weapons. However, Fei lightly waved his hand. These guys sat back down unwillingly as they still stared at Balesi angrily.

Balesi didn’t care about the reaction of Chambord at all.



The silver lights in his eyes finally disappeared. He slowly stood up and walked to Fei in his simple and crude shoes. He pointed at Angela and asked: “I don’t mean to offend you, but do you mind if I ask what is this girl’s identity at Chambord?”

Although the words were humble, the haughty and demanding tone of Balesi wasn’t hidden at all.

Of course, a bit of hostility could be sensed from it as well.

Fei sneered as he grabbed onto Angela’s hand. Instead of answering Balesi, he looked up at the roof of the tent and remained silent.

The king already hated this priest who left a good impression at first. Although this priest was acting in a humble manner, the haughty and high-up aura on him made the king really uncomfortable. If he was sure of Balesi’s strength and wasn’t afraid of the Holy Church’s power, the king might have already attacked.

“I’m Angela, and I’m Alexander His Majesty’s fiancée.” Angela smiled and answered for Fei.

She knew who these guests were; the power and the strength of the Holy Church were so famous that they suppressed a lot of powerhouses like an unclimbable mountain. Angela knew why Fei was angry, and she was happy that he wanted to protect her. Since she didn’t want her lover to stand on the wrong side of the Holy Church because of her, she answered proactively.

“Oh, so you must be the future queen of Chambord.” Priest Balesi

Priest Balesi didn’t mind Fei’s cold treatment. He nodded his head and asked with a smile: “If you don’t mind me asking, have Your Highness ever cultivated warrior energy or magic energy?”

“No.”

Balesi’s eyes got even brighter after hearing this answer.

“Thank the gods! A Saintess endowed by the heaven…… I just used my [Godly Eyes] and discovered that you have a soul that is like the purest crystal; it has no flaws. I can’t even believe it! The purest soul ever existed! I have served the gods for more than half of my life, and it is my first time to meet someone like you, Your Highness. With your talent and conditions, you are the best candidate to cultivate the Holy Power of the Holy Church. Are you willing to join the Shrine Choir?”

What Balesi said shocked a lot of people.

Purest soul?

Shrine Choir?

As Fei was shocked, he quickly went through his memories and tried to find the meaning of these words.

According to the documentation in the Royal Library of Chambord, the Holy Church claimed that they could communicate with the gods and ask the gods to grant miracles. In the long history of Azeroth, miracles did take place several times.

It was heard that only the people with the purest souls were able to communicate with the gods, understand the will of the gods, and represent the gods. Also, it seemed like the people with the purest souls were all women; virgins to be exact. After these virgins were selected to join Shrine Choir on the Holy Mountain, they would receive mysterious training, receive various educations, read godly literature, and get to know everything about the gods. After that, they would open themselves up to the gods, use their purest souls to communicate with the gods, and pass down the gods’ wills to the people in this world.

In the end, the Holy Church would select one or a few women to be the Saintess or Saintesses of the Church. They would be the ones who actually represented the gods, and they would be the people who were only just below the Pope but were above everyone else.

Every year, the Holy Church would select women with pure souls and send them to the local choirs in their

choirs in their home countries to receive the basic education about the gods.

Among tens of thousands of women in the Choirs, only ten would be lucky enough to be selected by the gods. They would be invited to the Holy Mountain to join the Shrine Choir. The women who were not selected weren’t allowed to go home or marry other people. They were all sent to local monasteries as they would become nuns and continue to serve the gods.

Of course, that was what happened on the surface.

Actually, a lot of beautiful nuns were sent to influential figures as presents. On this continent, a lot of noblemen were honored to have a concubine who was a part of the Choir. This was similar to how rich men in Fei’s previous life liked to play around with celebrities and supermodels.

In a story that was well known to everyone, a young and brave nobleman was crazy over love. He and a girl who was selected to go to the Shrine Choir ran away, and he was envied by numerous men on the continent. Of course, the story didn’t end well. The nobleman, the girl, and their families were all killed by the Holy Church who was infuriated by this. Their corpses were all thrown to the wild and became food for beasts and birds. They all died with no dignity.

However, there were a lot of women who were more ambitious than men.

To women who wanted power and fame, becoming a part of the Choirs, going to the Holy Mountain, receiving supreme power, communicating to the gods, and becoming a representative of the gods and a Saintess was a shortcut. Therefore, there were a lot of women who wanted to go down that path, just like how girls wanted to marry the emperor to become powerful and influential.

The only sacrifice they needed to make was simple yet horrible depending on who you ask – never get married and stay as a virgin.

What disappointed Balesi was that Angela wasn’t one of those ambitious women. The future queen of Chambord declined the invitation immediately. “I’m sorry, Mr. Priest. Although I worship the gods, I’m already engaged with the king of Chambord. I don’t want to become a nun,” she said.



* * *





Chapter 321




Chapter 321

Chapter 321: Pressure

“Haha, don’t worry! As long as you want to join the Shrine Choir, the Church can stand up for you and cancel the engagement. You are gifted. If you join the Shrine Choir, you would have a good chance at becoming a Saintess. By then, you would be able to communicate to the gods and hold supreme power. You would be the representative of the gods, and anything you say would be treated with great respect. Your family and friends would also be uplifted by you. All of this can be achieved as long as you nod your head……”

Priest Balesi’s words were filled with temptation as he told Angela about her potential bright future.

“Thank you, Mr. Priest. However, I don’t want to become a nun.”

Angela replied directly. Balesi was a little surprised by Angela’s immediate answer. He was disappointed, and he couldn’t believe what he had heard.

After looking at the king of Chambord who was sneering and the angry warriors of Chambord, he knew what he said had triggered a lot of people. What he did was similar to robbing the king of Chambord’s fiancée, and he just offended this force that recently got power.

However, the girl in front of him had the purest soul he had ever seen, and she would be very important to how he and his people can advance inside the Holy Church. Even if he had to offend Chambord, he didn’t care. After all, a little affiliated kingdom was nothing; even Zenit was like a bug in the eyes of the Holy Church.

“Beautiful lady, I hope you can really re-consider my offer. Being a Saintess of the Holy Church is hundreds of thousands of times better than being the queen of a little affiliated kingdom.” Balesi spoke again and was unwilling to give up.

Angela didn’t say anything. She held onto Fei’s hands tightly and shook her head.

Balesi looked at their hands as if he understood something. He smiled and said: “As long

as you agree, we are not scared of threats. Haha, don’t worry about that. As long as you agree, no one dares to stop someone from becoming a member of the Shrine Choir.”

What he said was really mean; he was obviously trying to create cracks in Fei and Angela’s relationship.

Disgust appeared in Angela’s peaceful and calm eyes. She said slowly, “No one is threatening me at Chambord. However, I can sense a lot of threat in your words, Ms. Priest.”

Balesi’s face got a little red as he was embarrassed. He opened his mouth and couldn’t follow up with anything.

At this time, Fei suddenly stood up.

As he stood up, his dark red cape fluttered; it looked like a bloody flag that was in battle. A huge force blew at Balesi, and the patched robe he was wearing was fluttering backward as well. Although it didn’t break off of his body, it was tightly pressed against his not-so-bulky body.

The huge power made Balesi’s body shake. Although he didn’t fall down or move back, his feet were driven deep into the ground by him; his ankles couldn’t even be seen. Dense spider web-like cracks appeared on the ground and continued to expand.

Tink! Tink! Tink!

After seeing this, the dozen silver armored cavaliers of the Holy Church drew their swords as their faces changed color. They stood in front of Balesi and went against the pressure Fei was giving off together.

Bam! Bam! Bam!

The warriors of Chambord like Drogba, Pierce, and Robbin also slapped the table, drew their weapons, and was about to strike.

The atmosphere inside the tent got very tense. As if a huge stone was hanging on a strand of hair, it was about to break loose at any second. The tent shook violently under the blowing wind, and the noises it made was breath-taking.

“Hahaha, I’m just playing. Why so serious?” Fei laughed as he suddenly pulled back his power.

“Eh?”

Balesi who was trying to go against Fei’s force didn’t react fast enough. He pushed

pushed forward habitually and almost fell on his face. It was fortunate that he was powerful and stopped himself right there. His face was all red as he fell to a disadvantage.

“It is late already. It is dark outside, and the terrain around here is pretty bad. Since Kaka His Highness needs to travel out tonight, it is better to leave earlier.” Fei asked them to leave firmly.

“You……” All of Balesi’s hairs stood up.



He stared at Fei with coldness in his eyes. He was actually shocked; he didn’t expect Fei’s strength to grow this much in this short amount of time. When he met Fei in the underground cave of Blood-Edge’s headquarter, he was still able to clearly detect how powerful Fei was. Although he tried to recruit this young king at the time for some other reason, he looked down on Fei and didn’t really think Fei was a character who posed threats to him. But now, this king was able to threaten him.

Of course, Balesi was infuriated.

“How dare such a small king offend me and trick me? How dare he ask Mr. Kaka to leave?”

Balesi wasn’t someone who can’t endure pain and embarrassment.

Instead, the reason he was the accompanying priest of Kaka wasn’t because of his combat ability. Rather, it was because that he was wise and calm. He had read numerous books and witnessed how different groups inside the Holy Church tried to kill each other in order to advance.

However, he was the most irrational person today. For some reason, the person who was always calm and calculative was now very emotional like a rabbit that got its tail stepped on. Even Kaka and the cavaliers were a little surprised.

“Your Majesty, it is my fault for causing such trouble. Priest Balesi was very surprised by the queen, and he misbehaved. Please accept my apologies.” At this intense moment, [God’s Favorite Child] Kaka suddenly apologized to Fei as he waved his hand and signal the cavaliers to

cavaliers to leave the tent and start preparing for the trip.

Fei’s impression of Kaka wasn’t bad. He smiled and also waved his hand to calm down the warriors of Chambord. After that, he walked Kaka to his silver magic carriage. After some more chitchat, they said farewells to each other.

“Your Highness, if you change your mind, you can inform the Bishop of Zenit. My offer would be open forever. To you, Chambord is only a little pond and the king of Chambord is only a big frog in this small pond. Your name is designated to be heard throughout the continent, and I’m sure that you will make the correct decision soon.”

Before they left, Priest Balesi still continued to try to make Angela change her mind. As he talked to Angela, he looked at Fei in a provocative manner. It was obvious that he wanted to get Angela to become a Saintess, and it seemed like it was of utter importance to him.

Although Kaka and the king of Chambord were very friendly towards each other, Red-Robe Top-Tier Priest Balesi who was like a teacher and a strategist to Kaka already stood on the other side of the table.

What happened today was really strange.

A lot of people didn’t understand what had happened. It was a friendly visit at first since Balesi was always trying to recruit the king of Chambord. However, the ending to this was very unexpected.

Fei didn’t react to Balesi’ provocation as a vague smile was always on his face.

“Your Majesty, let us go and teach that bastard a lesson!” Drogba and Pierce stared at Balesi who was leaving as they said. They couldn’t hold back their anger, and they were planning to do some illegal things.

Fei turned around and saw Oleg who was also looking at him in an excited manner; he wanted to go and vent his anger as well.

Fei was surprised by this; he found it funny as well.

His men were spoiled by him. It was the Holy

was the Holy Church! All forces on the continent were afraid of them and had to respect them. They would either try to flatter them or try to stay far away from them. “These three guys want to chase and kill a priest of the Church? Are they crazy?” Fei thought.

“Fu*k off! Go and improve your strength first! The three of you added together can’t even defend against his finger!” Fei stared at them and kicked them on their butts. After that, he walked towards his central tent.

After talking a few steps, he turned around and commanded: “No one can leave the camp area tonight without my permission! Everyone has to stay here quietly! Also, don’t even talk about what happened tonight with anyone.” Fei said seriously.

“Yes, Your Majesty.” The warriors of Chambord all got docile after seeing how serious Fei was.

Only Lampard who was standing far away saw Fei’s little movement. He saw Fei looking at the direction of the Balesi, and he saw a pair of eyes that were so cold that they could instantly freeze water.

……

After Fei walked into the central tent, he started to think back to what had happened. After he calmed down, he realized that things weren’t that simple. Although Balesi was trying to convince Angela to join the Shrine Choir, it felt like there was something on Angela that was very important to Balesi and his group.

This was something that Fei had been thinking about as well.

Although Angela never had any magic and didn’t have any special talent that she was born with, she was really good at communicating with animals. In fact, she was so good with animals that even the most vicious animal would be docile like a little cute kitty when it was near her.

(P.S Hey guys, thank you so much for the support so far. After discussing with the team, we have decided to increase the Advanced Access Chapters in each Patreon Tier as a way to give back to you guys.



* * *





Chapter 322




Chapter 322

Chapter 322: He Is Scary

Fei always wanted to know where Angela’s ability came from.

What Balesi said today gave Fei some possible ideas – perhaps only the people with the purest souls can community with the animals in natural on a spiritual level. Such pure souls may cause the beasts to lose their cautiousness as they would become intimate.

Only the purest soul can complete such a miracle.

Fei somehow felt like there were more secrets on Angela; it wasn’t as simple as having the purest soul. These secrets may be tightly related to the Holy Church, and that was why sly Balesi had lost his temper today. It felt like the cavaliers of the Holy Church wasn’t too stimulated as they didn’t know much about the secrets.

Also, it was Fei’s first-time meeting [God’s Favorite Child] Kaka.

This was a deep and inestimable character; humble yet powerful. As for now, Fei couldn’t see through Kaka’s strength. During the conversation they had today, Kaka was always calm. Even when Fei and Balesi were facing off each other aggressively, the bright smile could still be seen on Kaka’s face. It could easily pull people closer to him, and others won’t be uncomfortable around him.

Such a character was scary.

However, Fei didn’t sense anything negative about this Kaka. Instead, he felt very intimate towards him.

After he gathered his thoughts, Fei opened up the portal and entered Diablo World. This time, he didn’t choose the Barbarian Character. He chose to use the Amazon Character and the Necromancer Character this time, and he tried his best to level up these two characters.

……

The dawn came.

When a sliver of white light appeared on the horizon, it lit up the clouds in the sky.

It was the coldest in the winter morning. Roads and trees on the sides were all covered by a thin layer of white frost. Under the bright sunlight, everything looked beautiful.

A team of about 100 people was moving forward slowly on a road in the valley.

The cavaliers who were wearing silver armors and white capes were chatting with each other

and laughing; they were obviously having a good time. The crisp noises made by the horse hooves and the frozen ground resonated in the area. The person who was at the very front of this team was a tall cavalier who was riding on a black horse that was more than two meters tall; the horse breathed out “white fog” constantly. In the hands of this cavalier, there was a silver cross; that represented the identity of these people –

The Holy Church!

Among the cavaliers, there was a silver magic carriage. There were a lot of magic engravings that belonged to the Holy Church on the carriage. The carriage was about two meters long, and it didn’t have any wheels. Under the carriage, more than 100 small wind-elemental magic arrays helped the carriage that was about 1000 kilograms float in the air. In the front, four black horses of similar sizes pulled the carriage forward slowly and steadily.

The cavaliers around the carriage were powerful; they were all guarding this carriage cautiously.

Inside the carriage, there were two people enjoying the soft and comfortable interior. They were [God’s Favorite Child] Kaka and his accompanying priest Balesi.

“Your Highness, aren’t you moved by this opportunity?” Balesi opened his eyes and lightly asked.

“I didn’t see any opportunities.” Kaka shook his head.

“Eh…… Your Highness, that woman named Angela has the ‘godly body’ and the “godly soul”; she is the most fitted for being a Saintess. If we can bring her to the Holy Mountain, you would definitely be favored by Pope His Majesty. I’m sure that she would have no problem advancing to a Saintess from a member of the Shrine Choir. If she succeeds, then our South Mountain’s strength would increase dramatically. Then……”

“Bring her to the Holy Mountain? Did you see that she is already Alexander’s woman?” Kaka interrupted Balesi’s daydream with a smile.

“Haha, he is only a small king of a level 6 affiliated kingdom, and his parent empire is only a level 1 empire. As long as Your Highness want, does the king of Chambord

Chambord dare to disobey your order?” Balesi sneered. As the winter sunlight shined on his wrinkled face, a fierce and vicious expression was highlighted. He was very different from the calm and gentle priest that he appeared in front of everyone else.

“If he is only a king of an affiliated kingdom, it would be fine. But I’m sure that you, the teacher, know that Alexander’s identity isn’t that simple.”



“You mean the golden Holy Power?”

Kaka nodded as a response.

Balesi frowned. “Looking at the history of the king of Chambord, it seems like he did suddenly get the support of a powerful force. It is very likely that he is also a [God’s Favorite Child]. After all, only the Holy Church can turn an idiot into a genius warrior in a short time.” A confident smile appeared on Balesi’s face as he continued: “So what? Even if he is a [God’s Favorite Child], he is probably only discovered by the Holy Church recently; otherwise, he would be famous a long time ago. Your Highness doesn’t need to be afraid of a weak [God’s Favorite Child] who has little foundation. Using this opportunity……”

The expression on Balesi’s face got terrifying and chilly. Although he didn’t finish his sentence, he expressed his idea completely using this expression.

He wanted to …… kill the king of Chambord.

Among many [God’s Favorite Children], only one was able to sit on the supreme throne on the Holy Mountain. There were a lot of competitions, and many forces within the Holy Church fought with each other for more power. These competitions mostly resulted in negatives loops.

Death of [God’s Favorite Children] wasn’t rare. In fact, the current Pope Sepp Blatt only got where he was by stepping on the corpses of more than a dozen [God’s Favorite Children].

On the continent that was ruled by the Law of the Jungle, Balesi felt like it was normal for Kaka to use his power and influential to kill a potential future competitor.

“Teacher, you are too murderous.” Kaka sighed as he shook his head.

Balesi sighed as

sighed as well.

“Your Highness, you are just too kind and naïve. You have been traveling around the continent, and you have seen all kinds of bloodiness and ugliness of this world. However, you still refuse to believe that the world is cruel. Put that aside…… Your Highness, you have to remember that you are one of the brightest [God’s Favorite Children]. Your fate had been determined at the time of your birth, and kindness and sympathy can not help you. You can only be relieved after your sit on that throne.”

Kaka only smiled; he did say anything back.

Balesi could only sigh again; he didn’t continue talking as well.

This kind of conversations occurred numerous times in the last few years.

Although Balesi had never convinced this [God’s Favorite Child], he would never give up on it.

As long as there was the opportunity, Balesi would try to tell Kaka about his fifty-years of life experience and the cruelness of the internal conflicts of the Holy Church. He believed that he was right. A [God’s Favorite Child] who was too kind would never survive in the Holy Church which had numerous small but vicious groups, didn’t matter how powerful he or she was.

Balesi felt like he had to convince Kaka.

His fate was tightly tied together with Kaka’s fate when he became the first Robe-Robe Accompanying Priest to Kaka.

“Your Highness, please let me make the decision this time. This woman named Angela is too important for your future. I will get her for you by all means.” As if he made a decision, Balesi told Kaka seriously.

“Don’t offend the king of Chambord.” Kaka looked at the stubborn elder in front of him and said: “He is scary, and he will become even scarier in the future.”

“That is why we need to finish it right now.” Balesi wasn’t willing to back off.

As Kaka was about to say something, his face changed color. Balesi who was sitting in front of him also was shocked.

Before the two of them could say anything, a light buzzing noise sounded. A thin and short

thin and short black sword had pierced through the silver magic carriage and appeared in front of Balesi instantly. With a dash of chilly light, it went at Balesi’ throat.

Assassin!

This was an unanticipated change!

No one thought that there would be a person who dared to assassinate key figures of the Holy Church. Also, no one thought that the assassin could get into the silver magic carriage and carry out the assassination without anyone noticing.

It was fortunate that Balesi was powerful and had a good reaction speed.

In this critical moment, this white-haired priest was very calm. He sat still as a white flame appeared in his right hand. His Holy Power surged as he grabbed onto that assassination sword with his right hand.

“Die!” Balesi roared as he touched the sword.

As he was about to counterattack, his face changed color again; shock appeared in his eyes. His hand that was harder than steel under the empowerment of the Holy Power wasn’t able to grasp that black sword. His palm was cut open as he sensed severe pain.

This short sword was a very powerful weapon; it even could pierce through Holy Power!

Boom!

Under the threat of death, Balesi roared again. Terrifying Holy Power spilled out of his body like a tsunami, and the white flames filled the inside of the silver magic carriage. After the outburst of power, the silver magic carriage exploded into pieces!

The person who also flew away was that assassin.

Under the impact of the Holy Power, the cavaliers who were protecting the carriage were also blown away with their horses as they had little time to react; they looked like they were weak ants.

“Hahaha, I didn’t know that Mr. Priest is a Moon-Class Elite!”

A hoarse and crazy laughter sounded. That assassin who was blown away came back at Balesi even faster. Like a dangerous snake, the black sword broke through the white flames and stabbed at Balesi’s heart. This strike was so powerful and desperate that it made people feel like the assassin was willing to trade his own life away.



* * *





Chapter 323




Chapter 323

Chapter 323: New Definition of Archers

“Since you already know my strength, how dare you still continue to assassin me? I will make sure that you don’t return alive. I will also burn your body and scatter your ashes.”

After feeling the severe pain in his hand, Priest Balesi was enraged.

Ever since he became a priest, he hadn’t been injured for a long time. Even though some of his opponents were much more powerful than him, they had to respect the Holy Church and didn’t harm him. But today, his hand was cut open by this assassin who was much weaker than him. To Balesi, this was a great shame.

After seeing that the assassin didn’t back away, Balesi roared again and struck out.

The silver-white Holy Power surged around like waves of the ocean, and it soon covered more than half of the sky. The valley that was previously shined on by the sun was now shined up by the Holy Power. A huge silver palm made from the Holy Power smashed into the body of the assassin.

“Puff…… Eh……”

After the assassin was struck, he gaged a little as blood spurted out of his mouth.

Like a cannonball, his body got shot into the mountain on the side of the road. Clouds of dust instantly flew into the air, and the assassin was deeply pressed into the mountain. There was now a deep hole on the mountain…… Balesi was really angry this time, and he used all of his power.

The clouds of dust slowly settled down.

Balesi was standing in mid-air with no support.

His robe with black and white patches fluttered in the wind, and waves of silver and white flames enveloped him. He looked just like a god of war, and all the cavaliers felt like kneeling down and worshiping him.

This was the first time that the cavaliers and the Godly Servants of the Holy Church saw Balesi using his full strength. They all looked at the figure in the air with excitement and admiration.

Standing in mid-air with no

external support; that was a sign of a Moon-Class Elite.

The cavaliers finally knew that this frugal, stubborn, and normal-looking elder was a master warrior who was at least a Moon-Class Elite!

After the clouds of dust went down and the rock pieces stopped falling down, everyone looked at the side of the mountain again. On the mountain that wasn’t too steep, there was a huge hole that was in the shape of a human figure. The cracked rocks on the side of the road were stained by blood, and there weren’t any movements inside the hole as there was no sound coming from it.

Many cavaliers believed that this assassin had died after taking a full-on strike of a Moon-Class Elite.

“Go drag him out. Doesn’t matter if he is dead or alive, we need to see his body. I want to see who dares to assassinate Mr. Kaka His Highness.”

After a dash of silver light, the wound on Balesi’s hand disappeared. After that, he stood in mid-air and ordered the cavaliers to find the corpse of the assassin in the hole.

“Yes, Mr. Balesi.”

Two cavaliers took the order and jumped towards the hole.

They started to move the rock pieces that were blocking the way to the hole. After they finished that, they entered the hole. All other cavaliers looked at them from afar. They all wanted to know who dared to assassinate key figures of the Holy Church.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

Suddenly, three black arrows dashed out of the hole like meteors; they were like the three points of a triangle.

The noises weren’t loud. The arrows passed by the ears of the two cavaliers in the hole with light air-piercing noises.

After the arrows passed by, the strong wind created by the arrows hit the two cavaliers. The force easily knocked the two cavaliers who were both three-star warriors out of the hole.

The three arrows were like the sickle of the Grim Reaper. They were targeting the vital spots on Balesi who was standing in mid-air.

“He is not dead……”

“That assassin is

is still alive!”

The cavaliers and Godly Servants standing by shouted in surprise. No one thought that this assassin who took a strike from a Moon-Class Elite was still alive. The assassin was able to counterattack so effectively…… could it be that this assassin was also a Moon-Class Elite?

The appearance of the three arrows was way too unexpected. They were released just as people thought the assassin was dead.

This assassin must be an experienced executor. He had mastered the art of picking the appropriate time and angle!

“Humph!”



Balesi’s pupil contracted as he sneered. He grasped his left hand, and the Holy Power around him surrounded his hand and formed an energy shield with numerous runes on it. This shield blocked the path of the arrows.

Bam! Bam! Bam!

Three crackling noises sounded almost at the same time.

When the black arrows hit the white shield, a huge energy wave was created. The waves moved outward like the ripples in a lake. Balesi who was standing in mid-air also moved a little. It was obvious that the power contained inside the arrows were far beyond everyone’s expectation. It felt like the three arrows were the dragon lances that were shot out by the huge Siege Crossbows.

The arrows that collided with the shield didn’t fall down. As if they had the minds of their own, they tightly nailed onto the surface of the shield with the residual power, and it felt like they wanted to pierce through the shield and the man behind it.

“Fu*k! Back off!”

Balesi roared, and the Holy Power around him surged again. A huge amount of energy rushed into the shield, and the three demon-like arrows were knocked back. With the force of the Holy Power, they went back into the hole faster than when they came out.

Whoosh!

A figure dashed out of the human-shaped hole as fast as a lightning.

A whirlwind was created by his movement.

As the clouds of dust and small rocks started to fly into the air again, this man grabbed onto the arrows that were

that were shooting back at him. In just a split second, he was only one meter away from Balesi. With a shake of his wrist, the three arrows turned into many as they stabbed at Balesi’ forehead, eyes, throat, and heart; he was using the arrows like swords.

Tink! Tink! Tink!

A series of white and silver energies rippled in the air as Balesi used his mind to create them.

Like indestructible armors, they covered the vitals spots on Balesi. As some of the energies were eliminated, more energies appeared. Series of metal-colliding noises sounded, and sparks shot at all directions. This completely blocked the strikes coming from the assassin.

After he realized that this strike was not effective, the assassin made an unexpected attack again.

The bow that was in his other hand was used as a weapon. The assassin smacked down at Balesi’ head with the back of the bow. Balesi saw this coming, and he dodged away. However, the dark-red bowstring that was sharper than a blade coiled towards Balesi’s neck. If Balesi’ neck was coiled, his head would be instantly cut off.

Balesi stepped in the air and dodged this strike again perfectly. Then, a vicious sneer appeared on his face. His right hand grasped in thin air, and a dragon lance appeared in his hand. He roared and stabbed at the back of the assassin.

The dragon lance was as fast as lightning.

This priest was great at grasping opportunities in battles as well.

The cavaliers started to cheer as they saw that the assassin wasn’t able to dodge. But in the next second, the assassin smashed his bow against the dragon lance. By using the repulsion force generated by this, his body turned around rapidly like a Beyblade. He dodged the lance by rotating 360 degrees four times in the air.

As he was rotating his body, a series of bowstring vibrations sounded. Four to five arrows were shot at Balesi as they took strange trajectories.

The power in the arrows could even break the space and time. Balesi didn’t dare to

didn’t dare to underestimate the arrows. He quickly waved his hands, and the silver Holy Power created three rune shields and protected him.

Bang! Bang! Bang!

The arrows broke the three silver shields. Fire came out of the cracks on the shields and even burned a few of Balesi’s hairs.

Fire Magic Arrows!

This assassin was a Magic Archer!

Everyone opened their mouths subconsciously as they couldn’t believe it.

This assassin had too many tricks up his sleeves.

In the next moment, this assassin already landed on the ground. With momentum, he rotated his body and got on a single-knee. He instantly stabilized his body and pulled on the bow; he demonstrated his impressive archery again.

After three more arrows were shot out, they split into tens of thousands of arrows on the way. In just a second, numerous arrows had targeted Balesi like a storm.

One arrow into 10,000 arrows!

This was the legendary archery skill that only god-tier archers could use. On the Azeroth Continent, there were only a few people who could achieve this level. The fact that this assassin had this level of archery surprised the cavaliers and Godly Servants of the Holy Church even more.

Balesi who was still in mid-air was caught off guard. Facing the numerous arrows, his silver Holy Power surged more and more; it looked like it was another sun in the sky.

The assassin on the ground continued to shoot out arrows.

Each of these arrows turned into 10,000 more arrows.

The entire sky was covered by this “arrow rain”.

Now almost all the cavaliers and Godly Servants knew that the assassin wasn’t a Moon-Class Elite yet.

However, the assassin was very agile and fast. His movements and techniques were fantastic, and his archery was shocking as well. Bow and arrows were lethal weapons in his hands, and he was still powerful with them gone. He wasn’t like a typical archer who could only attack in a distance; his close-range combat skills enabled him to be an all-around fighter. This man gave the people a completely new definition of archers.



* * *





Chapter 324




Chapter 324

Chapter 324: About Agility

It was because of all these strange and unexpected battle methods and styles that allowed this assassin to trouble Balesi who was a Moon-Class Elite. For a moment, Balesi could only try to play the defensive game instead of the offensive game.

By this time, all the cavaliers had carefully circled around [God’s Favorite Child] Kaka to protect him.

Balesi who was standing in mid-air seemed like he was locked up by all these arrows as the arrows enveloped around him. Like a small boat floating on a river in a storm, Balesi was only protected by his Holy Power. However, his Holy Power was enough. Numerous layers of white Holy Power appeared one meter in front of him, and all the fierce and vicious arrows that were coming at him couldn’t pass through this line of defense.

It was obvious that this mysterious assassin was no match to Balesi in terms of pure power.

As long as Balesi got a moment to breathe and regroup, this mysterious assassin could start to lose.

Soon, this assassin realized this as well.

In the next second, the assassin changed his method of attack.

He stood still, but the strangely-shaped big bow that was twice the size as a regular bow disappeared after a light flashed by. What appeared in his hand next was a javelin. The javelin was about two meters long, and both ends of it were sharp. Without any patterns or symbols on it, its smooth body looked like a thin line from afar.

This assassin held onto the javelin tightly. After he dashed forward and accelerated, his body suddenly tilted forward. With a roar, the javelin was thrown out at Balesi who was in still in the sky.

This throw looked average, but it was actually powerful.

As soon as the javelin left this assassin’s hand, it already appeared in front of Balesi; it felt like this javelin ignored time and space.

White energy shields continued to appear in

front of Balesi, but these shields couldn’t stop this javelin as easily as when they stopped the arrows.

In just a second, the javelin broke through more than a dozen shields and was less than one centimeter away from Balesi’ heart.

At this moment, a long and ear-piercing noise sounded by everyone’s ear. This was the noise that the javelin made. The javelin was traveling faster than the sonic speed; that was why the noise it made came after the strike almost landed.

It was fortunate that Balesi had more than one set of Holy Power around him.

After the javelin pierced through numerous layers of energy shields, it stopped moving forward. Its power was limited by the strength of this assassin.

As people thought that the javelin was about to fall to the ground, a sudden change occurred. Terrifying lightning magic elements surged on the javelin, and the energy shields Balesi had in front of him all shattered like glass. The javelin instantly passed through all of Balesi’ Holy Power defense lines, and it struck towards Balesi’ heart again.

“Danger!”

“Mr. Balesi, be careful!”

The cavaliers on the ground shouted subconsciously.

This assassin had way too many techniques that they never heard of. The cavaliers on the ground were all terrified. If they were the target instead of Balesi who was a Moon-Class Elite, they would have died more than a hundred times.

Rip!

All of Balesi’s hairs stood up on his body. At that critical moment, his body moved unexpectedly and dodged the attack; he demonstrated the power and the unchallengeable dignity of a Moon-Class Elite.

This javelin that had lightning power on it didn’t injure Balesi, but it did tear a huge opening on his robe that had numerous black and white patches. The area under his armpit was torn, and the white inner shirt he was wearing got burned by the lightning and turned brownish-yellow.

It was a scary scene.

“I have to admit that your strength is impressive. However, your performance ends

ends now.” After Balesi dodged this lethal attack, his expression calmed as he stood in the sky and stated.

He already calmed down at this point, and he wasn’t as angry as he was at the beginning. This assassin had demonstrated a level of power that he had to respect. Although this assassin wasn’t a Moon-Class Elite, he was at least an eight-star warrior.

It was at this moment that Balesi realized a small issue that he ignored at the beginning.

This assassin was here to kill him!

A few minutes ago when the assassin showed himself, many people subconsciously thought that he was here to kill Kaka.



After all, every assassination this team had faced so far these years had been targeting [God’s Favorite Child] Kaka. Kaka’s identity was noble, and he had unlimited potential. He was a strong candidate for the throne of the Pope, and he had a lot of potential enemies. No assassin has ever targeted anyone else.

It was different this time.

Balesi realized that this mysterious assassin had been targeting him from the beginning. This assassin showed no sign of attacking the handsome [God’s Favorite Child] Kaka who was still smiling at this moment.

Balesi’s brain started to process the potential information this sudden observation brought.

He even had a suspect in mind, but he wasn’t sure if he was right.

“Could that guy be this daring?”

Although Balesi was thinking, his movements weren’t slow.

The silver Holy Power filled up the entire valley.

In the next second, there were numerous silver dragon lances created by the pure Holy Power in the sky. The tips of the dragon lances were all pointing at the assassin on the ground. Although each dragon lance was formed by the Holy Power, they all had a deadly metallic glare to them.

With this level of power, Balesi could easily destroy this valley if he wanted to.

People in the valley sensed the pressure, and they felt like it was doomsday. It felt like the air

the air had even frozen.

“Kneel down and surrender. I won’t kill you if you do that.” Balesi said as he looked majestic in the sky. His white hair and beard fluttered in the wind, and it felt like he was connected with nature and couldn’t be defeated.

“Surrender your mom!”

The assassin suddenly mocked Balesi casually. He then waved his hand, and clouds of red flames emerged from afar as a buzzing noise sounded. These clouds of flames danced in the air and merged with each other. Soon, these clouds of flames became one and turned into a figure who looked exactly like this assassin.

Didn’t matter if it was the clothing, weapon, or the facial expression, they all looked identical to the assassin.

“What?”

“A clone? Or teleportation? Which one is real?”

The two “assassins” were ten meters apart, but they looked exactly the same to everyone else. Everyone opened their eyes widely, but they couldn’t spot the difference.

Balesi’s face changed color as well. He concentrated as two dashes of silver light shot out of his eyes. The lights enveloped the two figures as Balesi wanted to find the difference and spot the real assassin.

“What? They are the same? Even my ‘Godly Eyes’ can’t tell which one is fake?”

Balesi was shocked. But after a second, he was no longer troubled. He opened his palms and struck down at both “assassins”.

All the dragon lances that were floating in the sky turned into dashes of silver flashes of lightning instantly.

The dragon lances shot down at the two assassins, and they created numerous trajectories in the air.

The wind created by the strike sounded like the howling of the ghosts and the roaring of the gods.

A Moon-Class Elite’s full strike looked like it was able to destroy the heaven and the earth.

The cavaliers and the Godly Servants of the Holy Church all opened their eyes widely; they all wanted to see this powerful yet unlucky assassin die. Everyone believed that this was the end

was the end for this assassin. They didn’t think that dodging this strike was possible, let alone actually fighting back.

Just as they imagined, under the dense and powerful “dragon lance shower”, one of the “assassins” popped like a bubble after getting hit by more than a dozen dragon lances. It disappeared and couldn’t be found.

It was a phantom!

Even if this phantom was clever enough to trick Balesi’s technique – Godly Eyes, it couldn’t avoid getting destroyed by this lethal attack.

The collapse of the phantom represented the death of the real assassin.

The cavaliers and the Godly Servants had no doubts in their minds.

However, what happened next redefined the word “agility” in their minds.

Under the dense AoE (Area of Effect) attack, the assassin who everyone thought was going to die started to run. His speed wasn’t fast and wasn’t slow, but it was full of rhythms. As if he was dancing, he sometimes moved forward, he sometimes moved backward, he sometimes moved to the left, and he sometimes moved to the right; he even made some ridicules moves that were funny to others.

It was like a miracle! This assassin had dodged all of the dragon lances that were coming at him.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

The huge dragon lances had silver flames around them, and they targeted the assassin’s head as they moved with surging Holy Power and pressure. Under the intentional control of Balesi, all the dragon lances were shooting at the assassin.

Numerous dragon lances flew by this assassin’s shoulders, waist, legs, back, and head. It was obvious that this assassin was keeping a tiny distance between him and the dragon lances.

Every time the cavaliers and the Godly Servants thought the assassin was about to be hit, this assassin showed them a new way of moving the body, dodging the dragon lances at special angles, and avoiding the kiss of the Grim Reaper.

Everyone’s heart was racing as no one knew what was about to come.



* * *





Chapter 325




Chapter 325

Chapter 325: Necromancer

It was a really strange feeling. For some reason, despite knowing that the assassin was an enemy, the cavaliers and the Godly Servants couldn’t help but feel nervous for him at this moment. They were all subconsciously captured by the mysterious assassin as he showed his miracle-like techniques. They were secretly rooting for him, and they would sometimes gasp when the situation got too dangerous.

[God’s Favorite Child] Kaka was standing among the cavaliers and the Godly Servants.

He was really calm from the beginning. The smile on his handsome face was really shiny, but his crystal-like eyes got brighter and brighter.

The 30 seconds felt like 30 decades.

Gradually, the assassin who was being showered by dragon lances moved slower and slower.

Under the control of Balesi, the space the assassin had to move around got smaller and smaller. In the end, there was nowhere to run, and the assassin had to change his body’s position to dodge the lances.

Soon, wounds started to appear on his body; the wind the dragon lances created cut a lot of small wounds on the assassin’s body.

The cavaliers and the Godly Servants saw a series of afterimages in the same area. Every time a lance pierced through the assassin’s body, the audience would find that the lance only pierced through an afterimage.

This assassin had displayed an unimaginable level of coordination and agility.

These abilities were beyond many people’s understanding.

“Are you in the final moment? Too bad that you are using your insane skills to fight against the Holy Church. In the end, your corpse can’t even stay intact.” A bit of unwillingness appeared on Balesi’ face as he stood in the sky and shot down dragon lances made by his Holy Power. He wasn’t sorry for this reckless assassin; he was only sad that these insane abilities couldn’t be kept.

“Yuck! Stop acting!”

The assassin who was still changing his body’s positions laughed back. Suddenly, a huge sky-blue colored shield appeared in his

hand, and it completely blocked all the dragon lances that were coming at him. For a moment, the dragon lances couldn’t penetrate through the shield. Loud explosion noises sounded, and the land even started to shake.

Under the thrust of numerous dragon lances, the assassin and his shield started to sink into the frozen ground that was harder than steel.

The cavaliers and Godly Servants saw blood spurting out of the assassin’s mouth and nose. If he wasn’t wearing a special black metal bask, his face would have been all stained. Finally, the assassin was nailed into the frozen ground and a huge circular pit that was about four meters in diameter formed in the ground.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

The dragon lances formed by the Holy Power continued to rain down and dash into the huge black pit. They created clouds of dust and chipped a lot of rocks.

After three minutes, Balesi finally stopped attacking. All the dragon lances around him stopped moving, and he carefully looked at the deep pit on the ground. However, the clouds of dust in the air blocked everyone’s sight. No one knew how deep the pit was, no one knew what was happening inside the pit, and no one knew if the talented assassin was still alive or not.

This time, Balesi didn’t order cavaliers to go into the pit like last time.

He suddenly dashed into the pit himself. He was a Moon-Class Elite, and he wanted to see what was going on first-hand.

The cavaliers, Godly Servants, and Kaka were all waiting for the results on the ground. For some reason, they all felt like something bad was about to happen despite the fact that Balesi was a Moon-Class Elite.

At this moment –

“Ah…… gods…… Undead….. Undead Mage!”

A hoarse and extremely terrified voice sounded from the deep pit, and a bright silver Poly Power shot up into the sky following the scream. However, it was clear that a light grey and blueish fog was

was mixed in with the Holy Power. This fog-like power had a gloomy and chilly feel to it, and it felt like it could instantly freeze up someone’s blood.

“God! Undead Mag! Evil Undead Mage!”

“Damn, that guy is an Undead Mage…… Undead…. AHAHAHA……”

“Sh*t, shi*t! What should we do!”



“Impossible!”

The cavaliers and the Godly Servants were all shocked. They shouted loudly and couldn’t believe what was going on. As if the most unimaginable event took place, their voices even changed.

[God’s Favorite Child] Kaka who had the warm smile on his face also frowned. His expression froze, and he could no longer take it casually.

Everyone was sure that the strands of grey and blueish fog-like power that was within the Holy Power were the evil and terrifying Undead Magic Power!

It was also the Undead Magic Power in its purest form.

Even [God’s Favorite Child] Kaka had never seen such a pure Undead Magic Power despite his vast knowledge. This power was equivalent to the evillest and most terrifying power that could corrode away anything.

Since the inception of the Holy Church, they had been fighting Undead Mages. The history of the grudge between the two forces was buried in the dust of the time, but many people thought that the Undead Magic Power was the only counter for the Holy Power. Although the Undead Mages were associated with corpses and dead people and were disliked by many, the real reason why Holy Church wiped them out was that the dominating Holy Church would never allow a group of people who could counter them to exist.

Light and Darkness were co-existing, and yet they counter each other.

The Bright Holy Power and the Undead Magic Power were the same. One of them wasn’t stronger than the other; there were only stronger practitioners.

At the moment, the Undead Magic Power was so pure that it dominated over the Holy Power Balesi had. That grey yet blueish Undead Magic Power was the purest Undead Magic Power

Magic Power in this world. Even the pureness of Kaka’s golden Holy Power might not even compare to this. Perhaps only the legendary Godly Holy Power that the Pope had could rival against this purest Undead Magic Power.

In a few moments, the silver Holy Power that had filled the valley was almost completely corroded by the Undead Magic Power. It was getting weaker and weaker.

This meant that Balesi who was battling with the Undead Mage inside the pit was at a disadvantage.

After a series of anxious and angry shouts sounded from the pit, everyone on the ground got nervous. “How powerful is this Undead Mage? He is able to put Balesi who is a Moon-Class Elite into a disadvantage so fast?” They thought. Once Balesi was defeated, it was unlikely that people here today could survive.

Kaka’s face changed color. As he was about to say something, changes occurred –

A terrifying silver Holy Power shot into the sky, and a series of booming noises sounded afterward. Then, a figure who looked anxious rushed out of the pit as he was enveloped by this Holy Power.

“It is Mr. Balesi!”

“Mr. Balesi got out!”

Everyone relaxed. As they were about to let go of the breath that they were holding in for a long time, a sharp bone spear that reflected a chilly glare caught up with Balesi. It dashed through the fog-like Undead Magic Power and pierced through Balesi’s left chest as it made a loud air-piercing noise.

Boom!

A huge hole was created in Balesi’ chest, and blood, as well as chipped bones, fall out of there.

Balesi fell down from the sky as blood also leaked out of all seven openings on his head including his nostrils, ears, eyes, and mouth. He was severely injured.

“Protect Mr. Balesi.”

“Quick! Protect Mr. Balesi!”

The cavaliers and the Godly Servants quickly surrounded Balesi who already fainted after being reminded by [God’s Favorite Child] Kaka. They all looked at the vague figure who also jumped out of the

out of the pit. With dense layers of Undead Magic Power and white bones circling around this figure, it was hard to tell what this person looked like. They couldn’t be sure if this was the same person as that skillful assassin.

Tap!

Tap, tap!

Tap, tap, tap, tap!

A series of clear yet heavy footsteps sounded, and they hammered the nerves of the cavaliers and the Godly Servants. The atmosphere was really intense.

“Quick! Set up the Bright Array!” Someone shouted and reminded all of the cavaliers and Godly Servants.

More than a dozen Godly Servants started to chant a series of indescribable and vague phrases, and the cavaliers all stomped on the ground as silver Battle Rings appeared under their feet. The wave-like Battle Rings started to expand, and they soon merged with the silver Holy Power emitted by the Godly Servants. Together, they formed a huge silver sphere that was more than 100 meters in diameter. Numerous silver runes started to appear on the sphere as well on the ground. A huge Bright Holy Power Magic Array was constructed in time.

This time, that terrifying Undead Mage finally walked out of the cloud of fog-like Undead Magic Power.

Within 20 centimeters from him, there was huge armor that was made from white bones. The bones flew around him and protected him in all directions. His grey and white long hair was fluttering in the air, and his face was covered-up by a magic mask. Only his eyes were exposed, and they were emitting dark-blue lights as if they were two lanterns. In his left hand, he was holding onto a strange shield made from purple bones and skeleton heads. In his right hand, he was holding onto a magic wand that was about half a meter long and had a white skeleton head on the tip of it. The entire body of this Undead Mage was covered with that grey and blueish fog-like Undead Magic Power, and he looked scary and murderous.



* * *





Chapter 326




Chapter 326

Chapter 326: Shocking News

For some reason, it felt like Balesi had already aged for more than ten years in just a few seconds, and he continued to age even faster visibly. Time was passing by him at an insane rate, and a lot of wrinkles appeared on his skin. The age spots appeared on his face, and his eyes got very cloudy. Soon, it felt like this Moon-Class Elite couldn’t even open his eyes anymore.

It was a very powerful curse.

The curse was taking away Balesi’s life at a fast pace.

Buzz! Buzz! Buzz!

There was only a sneer in response. The grey and blueish fog-like power started to surge, and the Undead Mage who was inside this “fog” only needed to wave his wand to cast a spell; he didn’t even need to chant and experience the time-lag.

In the next moment, a series of sharp and chilling bone spears appeared in the air, and they dashed at Balesi like a bunch of lightning bolts.

Boom! Bam!

The bone spears struck onto the Bright Holy Power Magic Array, and the Holy Power shone. The huge impact force shocked everyone inside the array, and the people from the Holy Church felt like there was an earthquake occurring. The collision between the light and darkness exploded, and the entire valley was filled with silver energy flames.

It was fortunate that the bone spears didn’t penetrate through the magic array.

After the energies in them were gone, the bone spears all turned into strands of grey Undead Magic Power and dispersed into the air.

This outcome allowed the cavaliers and Godly Servants who were inside the array to catch a breath.

With the protection of the most secure array of the Holy Church that was activated by more than 100 people’s power and energy, they didn’t need to worry about that scary devil breaking through the array and killing them. If this devil broke in, no one would be able to stop him as this devil was an Undead Mage who rivaled against a Moon-Class Elite.

At this intense moment where a lot

of people forgot to breathe, no one noticed [God’s Favorite Child] Kaka’s movements. He quietly appeared behind Balesi and injected his golden Holy Power into Balesi’s body from the back. Quickly, this aging priest who was about to die finally stopped the fast aging curse.

“You…… can’t live on.”

Terrifying blue lights brightened as that devil opened his eyes widely. The blue lights passed through the fog-like Undead Magic Power and shined on Balesi. After he carefully observed Balesi’s body, he made that clear announcement.

The voice of this devil sounded like a hammer that smashed everyone’s heart, and it also sounded like the sickle of the Grim Reaper and made the people inside the array feel a chill in their throats.

His voice was very hoarse, and his special voice told everyone that this Undead Mage was the same person as the previous assassin.

As long as at least one of them made it out of here alive, the Holy Church would be able to find this Undead Mage using this clue. By then, there would be master warriors from the Church’s Execution Legion coming here to take care of this devil. What was more important at the moment for them was to pass out the news. After more than 20 years, the Undead Magic Power re-appeared on the Azeroth Continent. This would be a news that was going to shock the entire continent, and it needed to be passed out so that every single force on the continent would be ready to wipe out the evil entities.

As the cavaliers and the Godly Servants of the Church made up their minds and were prepared to at least help [God’s Favorite Child] Kaka get away even if they all died, the thick grey and blueish “fog” disappeared quickly like the tide.

That figure inside the fog-like Undead Magic Power also quickly backed away.

At this moment, the people of the Holy Church realized that there was a blue oval sphere, that was about two meters tall, behind them. Not sure when it appeared, but it was on the

the road that they walked by. That devil with the bones armors around him dashed to the blue oval sphere, and he waved his hands to send clouds of dust into the air to block everyone’s vision.

Then, a light flashed by as a buzzing noise sounded.



As the clouds of dust settled down, that scary devil was nowhere to be found.

Since their visions were blocked by clouds of dust and the Undead Magic Power, the people of the Holy Church didn’t see clearly and weren’t sure what that blue oval sphere was.

The morning wind blew by, and it was so cold that some people sensed a chill in their bones.

As time passed by, all of the grey and blueish Undead Magic Power was gone.

The people of the Holy Church felt thirsty, but none of them dared to be careless. They still unleashed the power inside of them to maintain the Bright Holy Power Magic Array. They couldn’t be sure that the devil was really gone. They were afraid that the assassin would jump out of nowhere and demonstrate a few more secret techniques. After all, that was a reckless, powerful, yet sly Undead Mage; no one could be sure that this wasn’t a trick.

This tense atmosphere was maintained for almost half an hour.

“Stop. He is gone.”[God’s Favorite Child] Kaka finally spoke.

The Godly Servants stopped chanting, and the silver Battle Rings under the cavaliers’ feet also returned to their bodies like reverse-ripples. The bright runes on the ground were gone, and the Bright Holy Power Magic Array was pulled back.

Everyone felt like their legs were weak, and they almost fell to the ground. This was the result of depleting stamina and Holy Power during a big battle. Only themselves knew if fear played a role in that.

“That guy…… a really scary devil.” Someone said.

If there weren’t obvious traces of battle around the terrains and Moon-Class Elite Balesi wasn’t severely injured, everyone would have thought that they all hallucinated and everything was just an illusion. That assassin came fast and left even

left even faster. No one saw where he came from, and no one knew how he left. However, everyone all realized one thing –

He was here to kill Balesi.

“Why would such a powerful Undead Mage come here to only kill Balesi?”

This question was on everyone’s mind, but no one asked it out loud.

The cavaliers started to retrieve the horses that ran off due to fear, and the Godly Servants started to use special techniques of the Holy Church to record the entire event. They kept the traces that were left behind, they recorded how the Undead Mage attacked, and they even tried to capture some of the Undead Magic Power that still hadn’t fully dispersed. The Mage Research Council on the Holy Mountain would be able to use special methods to analyze this Undead Magic Power to figure out the level of this Undead Mage.

The team of the cavaliers and the Godly Servants didn’t just run off.

Under the command of [God’s Favorite Child] Kaka, they carefully preserved the battleground. The news about the re-appearance of an Undead Mage was also passed back to the Holy Mountain using the fastest method. Soon, the master warriors from the closet Regional Churches would be here.

The light and darkness had been battling for more than a hundred years, and the Holy Church was experienced at killing Undead Mages. Soon, special forces would be here to take care of the rest. As long as an Undead Mage showed his or her appearance, they would be spotted by the Holy Church’s huge network. Even though Undead Mage hadn’t made an appearance for more than 20 years, even though the Holy Church was a little corrupted due to the long-term domination and comfort, these special forces were still efficient at dealing with Undead Mages.

Priest Balesi fainted, and he was really weak. With the big hole in his left chest, he could die at any given moment.

More than a dozen Godly Servants circled around him, and they were all trying their best to use their Holy Power to save Balesi’s life.

save Balesi’s life. On top of Balesi’s high status, he was the only one who battled with that Undead Mage. Only Balesi knew what happened in the pit, and he was the person who knew the most about that Undead Mage including the power level and characteristics. If Balesi died here, everyone here except [God’s Favorite Child] Kaka would be cruelly punished.

Too bad that the Undead Mage left a lot of purest Undead Magic Power inside Balesi’s body. For a moment, no healing attempts worked. Grey and blueish “fog” floated around the wounds, and they started to attack all the energy connections and channels inside Balesi’s body. The silver Holy Power from the Godly Servants’ couldn’t hold up, and even Kaka’s golden Holy Power couldn’t defend against it.

The magic array had already eaten up a lot of these Godly Servant’s power, and that was why they were all sweating like crazy after a few minutes into healing Balesi; they weren’t going to last long.

“You guys can all back off and rest.” Kaka waved his hand and let them guard the battlefield with the cavaliers as they all waited for reinforcement.

Kaka himself carefully took the torn robe off Balesi’s body. Then, he took out a small silver knife and started to cut off the flesh that was corroded by the Undead Magic Power and turned black. As he tried his best to alleviate the pain this old priest was experiencing, he injected his golden Holy Power into the old priest’s body to help him heal.

At the same time, Kaka tried to inspect the injuries on Balesi’s body and figure out how this Moon-Class Elite lost so quickly.

Soon, Kaka’s expression turned serious.

“All of them are Undead Curses…… Eh…… Amplify Damage…… Dim Vision…… Weaken that reduced the damage Teacher could deal, so he was like an Eight-Star Warrior in front of that Undead Mage…… More? Confuse? Also, his soul experienced terror…… More?…… what is this? God! Balesi instantly got nine different types of curses thrown onto him…… I can’t even figure some out!!”



* * *





Chapter 327




Chapter 327

Chapter 327: Secret Message That Passed Through The Continent

The more discoveries he made, the more series Kaka’s expression got.

He was fine before-hand, but he couldn’t calm himself down after knowing all this.

As one of the most popular [God’s Favorite Children], Kaka knew a lot more secret information about the Holy Church compared to normal priests, Godly Servants, and cavaliers.

After numerous years of murderous operations, the Holy Church had killed off most of the Undead Mages. Since the Undead Saint Palace was conquered by the Holy Church more than 20 years ago, the Undead Mages were pretty much eliminated. The spells, books, scrolls, and techniques of the Undead were all burned, and only a few Undead Mages escaped. Currently, it was rare to see Undead Mages, and the existing Undead Mages didn’t know much powerful spells and techniques.

However, the Undead Mage that appeared here today didn’t only have the purest Undead Magic Power but also knew a lot of high-level Undead Spells and Techniques. The meaning of this was enough to make the Pope who was on the Holy Mountain nervous.

An Undead Mage who had such power and knowledge meant that the branch of Undead Mage could be revived at any time.

“Must find this person and kill him!”

Kaka quickly came to this conclusion.

If he wasn’t concerned about the pureness of that Undead Magic Power and if he didn’t hesitate after Moon-Class Elite Balesi’s defeat, he might have tried to battle against that Undead Mage.

After thinking about that, he was a little ashamed.

“I was scared of an Undead Mage at that critical moment?”

“Gods, please forgive me for my timidity!” Kaka kneeled on the ground and prayed to the gods. He also asked himself, “Who is that guy? Why do I feel a little familiarity? Maybe Teacher

Balesi knows something about him; after all, that guy was here for him. Too bad……”

Kaka looked at Balesi and thought, “Teacher Balesi’s heart was exploded by that Undead Mage’s [Bone Spear]. He is going to die at any time, and even the gods can’t save him.”

……

……

Under the golden sunshine, the white defense wall of the magnificent St. Petersburg reflected off a saint and pure light; it looked like a place where the gods lived.

When the sun was above the Moro Mountains, all four main gates of the Capital opened up. There were a lot more people crowed at the southern gate as it was the closest to the camp area of the affiliated kingdoms. The people were all rushing towards the Sword-Testing Stages like a fast-current river.

The amount of attention the competition received during the last few days was at an all-time peak. The battles between the top-7 warriors made the citizens of Zenit who loved wars and battles go crazy, especially since the quality of the masters was the highest in recent years.

Chambord attracted the most attention among all affiliated kingdoms.

Among 244 affiliated kingdoms, this little level 6 affiliated kingdom had two seats out of the seven seats in today’s competition. It was the best demonstration of a black-horse.

Chambord’s campsite was shiny under the sunshine. There was less than an hour before the start of today’s matches, and the campsite was already busy and chaotic. The flag of Chambord which had a two-headed dog, an ax, and a sword on it fluttered in the wind loudly as if it was going to break away and soar into the sky.

Almost everyone’s attention was on two tents.

The smaller tent was located near the river that was passing through Chambord’s campsite. The white tent looked like a

a pure white lotus that was peaceful and calm, but no one dared to stand within 10 meters from it. That was where the master warrior [Goddess of Archery] Elena lived. Even though a lot of Chambordians didn’t know where this beautiful and powerful female master warrior came from, it didn’t stop them from liking Elena. After all, Elena gained a lot of fans recently.

In the center of the campsite, there was the biggest and most majestic tent. The person who lived in it was the spiritual pillar of Chambord – the king of Chambord.

Alexander was like the lord of all Chambordians, and they thought of him as a god.

At this moment, a light buzzing noise sounded as a blue light flashed. The blue oval sphere had been inside this tent for about half an hour, and a person with a black mask just walked out of it. As soon as this man walked out of the sphere, it disappeared and quietness returned to the tent.

After taking off the mash, Fei let go of his breath.



He had already switched back to Barbarian Mode, and that familiar and powerful sensation could be felt in his body. Fei took out a bottle of purple [Full Rejuvenation Potion] and chugged it down. After he quickly burned away his bloody armor, he used skill [Summon] and entered Diablo World next without hesitation.

It was the morning in [Rogue Encampment] as well, and the scenery was beautiful.

Fei went into both the Amazon Character’s and the Necromancer Character’s parallel universe. After he took off the armors that were all completely damaged from the battle, he sold them for scrap to the merchant in [Lut Gholein]. Even though a lot of the items were magic items and [Level 6 Rare Items], he

Items], he didn’t mind at all. After he purchased new sets of armors and items for both characters and destroyed all traces of his battle with Balesi, he calmed down and returned to the real world.

The assassin who tried to kill Balesi 250 kilometers away from here was Fei.

Ever since Balesi invited Angela to join the Holy Church, Fei had murderous thoughts about this old priest who was up to no good. The thing that pushed Fei over the edge was the unwillingness displayed in Balesi’s eyes when the people of the Holy Church were about to get onto the road.

At that moment, Fei knew that this sly priest wasn’t going to let go of Angela. Even if Kaka rejected that idea or even if Fei forced Balesi to back off this time with his domination, this old priest would come back and try his best to get Angela into the Shrine Choir. Perhaps the next time won’t be as simple as tonight.

Therefore, Balesi had to die!

When he was seeing Kaka off, Fei secretly put a [Town Portal Scroll] under the saddle of the weakest cavalier in the group. Fei had one strand of his spiritual power on the scroll, and he was able to activate the scroll and create the portal as long as it was within 500 kilometers.

[Town Portal Scroll] was something that Fei finally was able to convert out of Diablo World after he entered the Third Map [Kurast Docks].

When Fei wanted to use [Town Portal Scroll] in the real world, he needed to set up a location for the temporary portal beforehand. Afterward, the scroll would instantly open a portal between where it was and connect it to the temporary portal that was previously set up. After that, the portal would be able

would be able to bring Fei back to the central tent from the vicious battleground.

Any [Town Portal Scroll] could be activated twice; once going away and once coming back. Fei had already calculated the distance that Kaka’s group traveled, and he activated the scroll after Kaka’s group was around 250 kilometers away from St. Petersburg. That was how he was able to appear suddenly beside Balesi and execute on his assassination.

Since his Barbarian battle style was really well known by others, he would be instantly exposed if he used his Barbarian Mode. Just to make sure that his identity would be sealed, he used Assassin Mode and Amazon Mode that were great at sneak attacks. He also considered the fact that light and darkness countered each other, and he incorporated Necromancer Mode into the plan as well.

Fei rarely used these three modes, and it was really unlikely that he would be discovered.

Of course, he understood the huge risk involved with using Necromancer Mode since the Holy Church had zero tolerance for Undead Mages and would kill all of them as soon as they appeared. This was actually why Fei wanted to use it. This “Undead Mage” would be a huge smoke bomb, and it would be the top priority for the Holy Church so they couldn’t have time to come to Zenit and look for Angela who Balesi said was the best candidate for Saintess.

Fei was really careful and considerate about this assassination plan.

The only thing that he didn’t think about was the possibility that this old Balesi was actually a Moon-Class Elite; it was way beyond Fei’s expectation. He used both Assassin Mode and Amazon Mode, and he wasn’t able to defeat Balesi. Instant, he was beaten by that old priest like a weak bug.



* * *





Chapter 328




Chapter 328

Chapter 328: Really Lucky

The battle was really intense.

Fei used Assassin Mode at the beginning of the assassination.

However, his Assassin Character was only level 66 which was equivalent to a Seven-Star Warrior. After incorporating the special techniques of the Assassin Character, Fei was able to assassinate Eight-Star and Nine-Star Warriors. Although Fei was able to get really close to Balesi, he was discovered by his opponent.

He should still be able to have the advantage, but the huge difference in their strengths made him lose that.

After he was knocked into the mountain, Fei realized that his Assassin Character was too weak to injure a Moon-Class Elite. Therefore, he switched to his Amazon Character.

Amazon fighters specialized in many different areas including archery and javelin throwing. This character was good at range-attacks as well as some magic.

Fei also had done proper preparation the night before.

He trained hard in Diablo World, and he used the accumulated experience points and resources to level up the Amazon Character to level 68. Then, he purchased a lot of [Level 6 Rare Items] to greatly improve the combat ability of the Amazon Character.

In fact, Fei’s Amazon Character did give Balesi, who was a lot powerful than him, some pressure.

Fei used a series of Amazon Skills such as [Power Strike], [Lighting Bolt] and [Exploding Arrow]. Even when facing Balesi’s Moon-Class Technique [Holy Dragon Lance Shower], Fei was able to use the skill [Decoy] to scatter the dragon lances, and he was able to use [Avoid] and [Evade] to dodge the Moon-Class Elite’s killer strike.

Unfortunately, the gap in strengths was just too big.

The

only mistake Fei made was not expecting Balesi’s Moon-Class Elite strength.

In the end, Fei had to use a shield that was a level 6 Rare Item that gave a 90+ defense, but he was pressed into the ground by Balesi’s strikes.

Therefore, Fei had to use his trump card – Necromancer Mode.

When Balesi dashed into the pit with two wings formed by his Holy Power, Fei was already waiting for him. As soon as they battled each other, Fei used one of the curses which was [Terror].

[Terror] was similar to Barbarian’s [Howl]. The skills could force powerful opponents to sense fear for a few seconds and lower their reaction speed.

When facing a Moon-Class Elite like Balesi, Fei’s [Terror] couldn’t make him sense fear. However, Balesi’s reaction speed was lowered.

Then, Fei quickly cast two more curses – [Dim Vision] and [Lower Resist].

These two curses made Balesi have a hard time seeing his surroundings and lowered his defensive abilities.

As soon as Balesi was about to recover from [Terror], Fei quickly cast the curse [Confused].

[Confused] made Balesi cast random spells and lowered his reaction time as well.

Then, Fei used all of his dirty little tricks.

He utilized the fact that the skills in Diablo World didn’t have cooldowns. Before his mana was depleted, he threw a series of curses at Balesi including [Amplify Damage], [Iron Maiden], [Life Tap], and [Weaken]. He used all of the curse skills he had learned.

The Necromancer’s power was called [Death Energy] in Diablo World, and it was called [Undead Magic Power] on Azeroth Continent. In fact, Necromancer’s [Undead Magic Power] was in the

the purest form, and it was a natural counter of [Holy Power]. Unless it was the Pope’s [Godly Holy Power], even the golden Holy Power of [God’s Favorite Children] couldn’t be as pure as Necromancer’s power.

With this counter-effect, Fei would be always at an advantage.

This was the reason why Fei could finally turn things around.

After Balesi sensed the series of curses, he finally knew who he was dealing with and understood what those chilling energies inside his body were. He screamed out of anger and fear as he sensed the dramatic drop in his condition.

This scream was the scream that Kaka and the others heard on the ground.



Using this opportunity, Fei chugged down a bottle of [Mana Potion] and summoned [Bone Armor] to start attacking.

He chose one of the Poisons and Bones Spells – [Bone Spear]. This spell had powerful penetration force and dealt a lot of damage. Balesi who was cursed and in a terrible condition was no longer on the level of Moon-Class Elite. In order to escape that pit, he was pierced through by six Bone Spears. However, he was finally able to use that impulse force from the Bone Spears and his own weak Holy power to fly out of the pit.

All that happened afterward were all seen by others.

Balesi who was in a terrible condition got pierced by a Bone Spear through his left chest, and he immediately fainted.

Fei was really lucky to win that fight.

If it wasn’t for the natural counter [Death Energy], Fei won’t win this easily against Balesi. If Fei had to face any

face any other Moon-Class Elites who weren’t from the Holy Church, he might only stand a chance if he used Barbarian Mode.

It was fortunate for Fei that Balesi’s heart was exploded. Even if the gods showed mercy, he couldn’t be saved.

Balesi’s death meant that Fei’s plan was accomplished.

Fei had calculated every step and used [Town Portal Scroll] to not be a suspect. No one in Zenit Empire had ever heard of items similar to [Town Portal Scroll]. Even if the bigger empires had similar items, they were hard to use; they couldn’t be as stealth as [Town Portal Scroll]. With the 250 kilometers distance between Fei and the location of assassination, even a Moon-Class Elite had to fly for at least two hours using full strength. As long as Fei showed himself in front of everyone from all affiliated kingdoms, he couldn’t be a suspect.

Of course, taking such huge risk wasn’t in line with Fei’s principle of “be quiet and get rich”.

But to Fei, this risk was worth it, and he won’t regret it.

If he was given the chance, he would still destroy Balesi’s heart.

When that old priest asked Angela to join the Shrine Choir, Fei’s heart skipped a beat. He felt like something more important than his own life was being stripped away from him, and that uncontrollable chilly murderous intent filled his mind instantly.

Fei didn’t want to experience that feeling again.

After thinking back to the whole process and making sure that there weren’t traces left behind or loopholes in his plan, he opened the curtain of the central tent and walked out with

walked out with a big smile on his face. He wanted to enjoy the bright morning sunshine.

In the camp area, everyone saw the king of Chambord’s appearance.

……

The deep and loud bugle sounded again in the center of the camp area.

Under the stare of 50,000 to 60,000 people, the top-7 masters appeared on the stage to draw a number that determined their opponents. The top-7 masters were [Sky Covering Fist] the King of Chambord, [Goddess of Archery] Elena, [One Sword], [Wind Thunder Stuff] Kanort, [Silver Armored Vicious Sword], [No.1 Goddess] Magic Princess Cindy, and that special [Lucky Prince] Shevchenko.

Everyone was quiet at this moment.

They all wanted to know which masters would be paired together.

As time passed by, names appeared on the magic crystal screen to the right of the stage.

[Sky Covering Fist] the king of Chambord VS [No.1 Goddess] Cindy.

[Goddess of Archery] Elena VS [Wind Thunder Staff] Kanort.

Most low-key [One Sword] VS Most arrogant [Silver Armored Vicious Sword].

[Lucky Prince] Shevchenko…… still moved on to the next round without an opponent.

……

Loud tornado-like gasps and murmurs sounded in the audience. Except for expressing their excitement for the three battles of the day, they were also questioning the luck of that prince. Luck existed, that that good of a luck was too rare! Could it be that this Prince Shevchenko was the son of the Goddess of Destiny or the son of the God of War? He was the only one who didn’t need to fight in the last three rounds to get into the top-4 list.

Even Fei was a little curious about this prince named Shevchenko.



* * *





Chapter 329




Chapter 329

Chapter 329: Crushing Victory

From the booklet that Zenit’s No.1 Traveling Poet Matt Razi created, Fei felt like this young prince named Shevchenko was really average. From the comments Matt Razi wrote, it seemed like there was nothing special about this prince; he was only ranked 32 out of the top-50 masters of the competition.

In a normal setting, it was impossible for him to get into the top-4.

Actually, it would even be hard for him to get into the top-13. However, no one expected that a small character like this young prince was going to get three free passes after only winning his first match and get into the top-4 list.

“Is someone manipulating the match-making process?”

Almost everyone had this question on their minds. After the initial surprise, almost everyone in the audience started to question how Shevchenko got a free pass again. Except for the seven masters on the stage, all other people started to chant.

Since a lot of people were booing and a lot of people were questioning the process, the head judge for the competition had to pause the competition and asked Second Princess Dominguez to quickly investigate into the match-making process.

Many people in the audience were thrilled as they felt like they busted the biggest cheating in the history of this competition, but the result of the official investigation was surprising.

There was nothing wrong with the match-making process, and the reason why Shevchenko got another free pass was purely due to his good luck.

After the official investigation was completed, the uproar died down a lot.

People started to be curious about Shevchenko.

This young man’s luck wasn’t just good; it was insane. There was a good chance that he would get a great position in the new battle legion that was about to be formed.

There were many

warriors looking at Shevchenko who was sitting in the audience with envy and jealousy. After thinking that there would be no free passes after this round of the competition, the jealous warriors couldn’t wait for this Shevchenko to be smashed by the other masters.

……

Since there were only three matches and they were all high-profile matches, they didn’t happen at the same time. Instead, they were all going to take place on the No.1 Sword-Testing Stage sequentially.

The first match was between [Goddess of Archery] Elena who was really popular and [Wind Thunder Staff] Kanort who was from the Gudong Kingdom.

Except for Shevchenko who was somehow really lucky, everyone agreed that [Wind Thunder Staff] Kanort was the weakest among all seven masters. From just the look of it, [Goddess of Archery] Elena got a good match.

The reality wasn’t too far off from the hypothesis.

Elena who was stronger than a peak Six-Star Warrior was able to penetrate through the protective magic array around the stage with her arrow. Kanort who was only a low-tier Six-Star Warrior wasn’t her match.

Although this savage-like master warrior tried to take the initiation and attacked proactively, he wasn’t able to get the advantage. He tried to get within the close-range and use the weakness of all archers, but Elena who was an experienced archer from Diablo World didn’t let him get close at all. After all, Elena had danced around numerous monsters and demons in Diablo World and had fleet footwork.

In a few fast dashes, Elena had already gotten out of her opponent’s attack range like a phantom.

While she was moving, her arrows didn’t decrease in power. After a few frost arrows were shot out, the temperature on the No.1 Sword-Testing Stage dropped dramatically. Kanort tried his best to smash away all the arrows, but the

the frost energy still got into his body silently. The frost energy suddenly exploded and reduced his reaction speed and movement speed.

Bam!

After 30 seconds into the battle, Elena shot out an arrow and destroyed the staff Kanort was using.

When Elena pulled on the bowstring again, three sharp and chilling frost arrows appeared on the bow with a blue death glare. The three arrows were targeted at Kanort who had lost his weapon, and this master of the Gudong Kingdom felt like he was targeted by a terrifying beast as he sensed a chill on his forehead.

“I surrender!” After knowing that he was no match to Elena, this warrior surrendered as he jumped off of the Sword-Testing Stage.

It was like an instant win!

This match was very one-sided.

After a short moment of pause, loud and explosive cheers sounded around the stage.

Elena who was powerful and beautiful had more fans than Kanort to begin with, and all the men in the audience felt an adrenaline rush after seeing their secret crush win so dominantly. They all shouted Elena’s name, and they were as passionate as fire.



However, Elena didn’t show much excitement after getting the victory.

After she packed up her bow, she jumped off of the Sword-Testing Stage and went to the resting area. To her, it felt no different from killing a monster in Diablo World.

However, all her fans liked her cold and noble presence, and they cheered on even louder after seeing her reaction.

After this battle, Chambord already secured one spot in the top-4 list.

……

After half an hour, the royal mages finished checking up on the magic array and runes around the No.1 Sword-Testing Stage.

The second match was about to begin. It was between [One Sword] and [Silver Armored Vicious Sword].

Most people favored the former No.1 Warrior among all

among all affiliated kingdom [One Sword]. Although [Sky Covering Fist] the king of Chambord’s growth speed made people question [One Sword]’s No.1 Warrior status, no one doubted [One Sword]’s strength.

[One Sword] only used one strike when facing his opponents.

This was a wild and arrogant statement that made a lot of warriors’ blood boil.

However, this was an accurate representation of this average-looking prince.

In comparison, [Silver Armored Vicious Sword] was only a warrior who got famous after he entered this year’s competition. Although he did make his way to the top-7 list, he wasn’t as strong as [One Sword] in a lot of people’s mind. After all, a lot of people remembered that he battled with [Destructive Finger] Cech for a while before winning using one secret strike.

How could a man who was on the similar level as Cech Peter defeat someone like [One Sword]?

The only question people had was about that final “white light” strike this [Silver Armored Vicious Sword] used. How powerful was that strike? That was the only trump card this warrior had.

This intense battle was about to begin as everyone focused their attention on the stage.

“Hahahaha, I can defeat [One Sword] with one hand! It is too unfortunate for him……”

The loud and arrogant voice sounded on the stage. The silver armor was shiny under the sun, and his white cape was fluttering in the wind like a girl’s dress.

With everyone’s eyes on him, [Silver Armored Vicious Sword] jumped onto the stage using a very fancy pose as he tried to show off his strength.

Just judging from the look, this most arrogant participant [Silver Armored Vicious Sword] was tall, slender, and muscular. He also had white skin, sharp eyebrows, big eyes, and thin lips. He could be considered as one very handsome man.

On top of all that, he was

that, he was the prince of the level 1 affiliated kingdom, Polo, from the eastern battle region. With his background, look, and strength, he had a lot of fans. However, most of his fans were girls in between the age of 15 and 18. These girls wanted their Prince Charming, and [Silver Armored Vicious Sword] fitted that description very well. They were crazy about him since he was young, handsome, powerful, and “brave”.

Therefore, ear-piercing high pitch screams of young girls sounded around the stage as [Silver Armored Vicious Sword] showed up.

In comparison, [One Sword] who was wearing a rough robe and carrying a rusty sword looked like a bystander. He looked very calm, and he didn’t receive much cheering.

This low-key and cold swordsman was just like his rusty sword. They all had shortcomings and looked very average.

“Hahaha, you dare to accept the challenge? You are not my match. It is better to surrender.”

[Silver Armored Vicious Sword] rubbed his chin and flipped his smooth long hair. He maintained his perfect image in the eyes of his female fans, and he didn’t seem scared of this famous [One Sword] at all as a casual smile appeared on his face.

“Draw your sword.”[One Sword] said as he moved his eyebrows.

“Hey? You really want to fight? There are a lot of people watching the fight. If you lose, it would look really bad! How about you just surrender?”[Silver Armored Vicious Sword] tried his best to explain the situation to [One Sword].

His voice was clearly heard by everyone through the Amplifying Magic Array on the stage.

Many people almost fell to the ground after hearing that. “This guy is really arrogant! He dares to say that to [One Sword] with no shame on his face?”

Tink!

[One Sword]’s response was one dash of Sword Energy.



* * *





Chapter 330




Chapter 330

Chapter 330: Joy Sorrow Separate Gather Sword Array

The foggy Sword Energy looked like it had its own life. It traveled in the air via an irregular trajectory. It moved up, down, left, and right quietly. As it left a series of silver afterimages in the air, it approached [Silver Armored Vicious Sword] who was still talking rapidly. In a few moments, the entire space inside the protective magic array was filled with Sword Spirits.

“Eh? You really want to……”[Silver Armored Vicious Sword] shouted angrily.

Like a scared rabbit, this young man ran around the stage to dodge this Sword Energy from [One Sword]. Although his moves looked messy, he was able to dodge the Sword Energy repeatedly. He continued to run and scream, and his shoes almost fell off his feet. It was very funny, and a lot of people in the audience laughed at him.

“How can someone that arrogant be so bad?” they all thought.

However, [One Sword] didn’t laugh or smile.

His eyes gradually got brighter and brighter, and his lips lightly curved up.

He raised his rusty sword half way. After he lightly shook the sword, the Sword Spirits on the stage got more vicious. Just like the light rain in the spring; the water droplet-like Sword Spirits were tiny, but they were everywhere. The Sword Spirits would destroy someone’s life if they touched them.

As long as people looked at the magic array around the stage that shone brightly and the thin yet deep sword marks on the ground of the stage, they would know how powerful these Sword Spirits were.

“Hey, you are too ferocious! We can talk it out…… Hey, this is a sneak attack!…… Damn, my butt……”

[Silver Armored Vicious Sword] was taken by surprise. As he tried his best to avoid the rain-like Sword Spirits on the stage, he still didn’t stop talking and provoking. However, he didn’t successfully dodge one thin strand of Sword Spirits, and it pierced through his silver armor and left a wound on his butt.

“Don’t force me

to defeat you!” [Silver Armored Vicious Sword] jumped around as he threatened.

However, this kind of “counter-attack” was useless against [One Sword].

The rusty sword in [One Sword]’s hand started to shake more violently, and the rain-like Sword Spirits on the stage got thinner and more compact. It felt like the sunlight was even cut off by this endless Sword Spirits Rain, and the audience really felt like it was raining inside the stage.

Only [Silver Armored Vicious Sword] could really experience how terrifying these Sword Spirits were, and he got into worse conditions by the second as more wounds appeared on his body.

“Damn! I’m really going to let loose!”

[Silver Armored Vicious Sword] ran around and shouted like a rabbit that was pressed into a corner. Just as everyone thought he was going to lose, this “rabbit” showed its fangs.

Just like what happened the other day when he was fighting Cech, a bright silver light shone on his armor. The light was so eye-piercing that everyone had to close their eyes subconsciously. When they opened their eyes again, the rain-like Sword Spirits on the stage were gone……

“This arrogant warrior actually broke through [One Sword]’s Sword Spirits?” Fei who was watching the battle in the VIP area was a little surprised.

The king didn’t really understand how [Silver Armored Vicious Sword] broke through [One Sword]’s Sword Spirits coverage, and he didn’t clearly see what that silver light was. However, he felt like his mind was triggered a little. At that moment, all of the emotional moments such as happy and sad moments that he had experienced in his life rushed into his head and replayed themselves vividly.

Such a strange technique!

“Haha, I countered your technique! You name is [One Sword], and you would never strike twice against the same opponent! Since you failed to defeat me in one strike, is it time for you to surrender?”[Silver Armored Vicious Sword] placed his hands on his waist as he laughed out loud. He was really proud, and it felt like the

the person who was running around on the stage a few seconds ago wasn’t him.

“I didn’t really use my sword.”[One Sword] lightly shook his head as a smile flashed on his face.

A smile? It was very rare to see that on [One Sword]’s face.

“What? You are going to go back on your words?”[Silver Armored Vicious Sword] got very angry after he heard that.

“It is only a rumor. When there is an opponent who deserves more than one strike from me, I will use more than one strike.” It felt like [One Sword] was unprecedently patient today. Rather than ignoring [Silver Armored Vicious Sword]’s words, he continued to explain, “Also, I didn’t really strike earlier. I was just practicing the new Sword Spirits that I acquired.”

“You…… I……”[Silver Armored Vicious Sword] was a little speechless after seeing [One Sword] joking with him. He couldn’t hold in his anger and said, “You forced me to do this. Hehe, don’t regret it!”

As he was speaking, a white light flashed by on the stage.



In the next moment, a silver chest appeared in front of [Silver Armored Vicious Sword]. It was about 1.6 meter in length and less than 30 centimeters in width and height.

The chest was in style with [Silver Armored Vicious Sword]’s armor. It was delicate and had a lot of runes and magic arrays engraved on it. Except for a lot of animals and plants symbols that added esthetics to the chest, there were more than 100 silver magic gems inlaid in the chest. Under the sun, it looked flashy, luxurious, and fancy.

Everyone could tell that this silver chest was precious from the look alone.

What weapon was this?

Bam!

[Silver Armored Vicious Sword] laughed as he suddenly tapped the side of the silver chest. After a series of gear-cranking noises, the chest opened to two sides, and three dashes of silver lights shot out of the chest as if a peacock opened its feathers.

At that moment, [Silver Armored Vicious Sword] reached out and grabbed onto

grabbed onto the dash of silver light in the middle. He shook his wrist, and the “silver light” in his hand collided with the other two dashes of silver lights.

Tink! Think!

Two metal-colliding noises sounded.

It turned out that what he had in his hand was a silver sword that looked luxurious; there were rubies inlaid in both the handle and the guard of the sword. The other two dashes of silver lights that were knocked away by this young man were also two luxurious-looking silver swords that had different designs.

As the two silver swords traveled in the air, they left a series of afterimages.

Tink! Tink!

One of them landed five meters to the left of [One Sword], and other one landed five meters on the right of [One Sword]. Half of their bodies were deep into the hard ground of the stage, and the other halves were lightly vibrating in the air.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

With this silver sword in his hand, it felt like [Silver Armored Vicious Sword] was a new person; he no longer looked casual and careless. His facial expression looked serious as the silvers swords started to vibrate. Silver flames started to appear, and [Silver Armored Vicious Sword] started to chant a spell that sounded like a heart-breaking love song.

“Gather because of joy, separate because of sorrow. Joy sorrow separate gather are unpredictable…… Joy Sorrow Separate Gather Sword Array!”

The two silver swords in the ground started to react. The blades of the swords emitted strands of silver lights.

As if the lights had lives of their own, they didn’t strike at [One Sword] but rather drew a circle that was 10 meters in diameter around [One Sword]. Looking from above, [One Sword] was right at the center of the circle.

In the meanwhile, a desolate atmosphere appeared on the stage as [Silver Armored Vicious Sword] continued to chant. It felt like it was autumn and everything was falling and dying.

All the audiences were affected too! Their expressions all dimmed as they felt lonely and sad.

Fei was very curious

was very curious about all of this.

He was very surprised by this warrior who acted arrogantly on the stage. The performance of [Silver Armored Vicious Sword] had already made a lot of master warriors squint their eyes. Although this Joy Sorrow Separate Gather Sword Array hadn’t shown its true power, it already shocked a lot of people. It seemed like it was able to have an effect on people’s souls and change people’s moods; that was really strange.

[One Sword] was already experiencing something unprecedented on the stage.

The two silver swords on his two sides were lightly vibrating, and the decorations and gems on them were making a series of chime sounds. The sounds were crisp and refreshing in the ears of the audience, but they were like the roars of demons in the ears of [One Sword].

These sounds made him very emotional. All of the emotions and emotional moments he had ever experienced in his life rushed into his mind like waves of the ocean, and the focused and clean Cultivation Path in his mind was stained by these clouds of “dust”.

The events that were being replayed in his mind were slowly becoming more and more real. He felt like he was seeing them again with his owns eyes and hearing them again with his own ears. He could no longer suppress his past in his head.

His eyes gradually couldn’t see the surroundings; they felt a pain.

His ears gradually couldn’t hear the surroundings; he could only hear thunders.

“[One Sword] closed his eyes…… what is he doing? Does he think that he could defeat [Silver Armored Vicious Sword] with his eyes closed?”

“Wait, it feels like he is being disrupted by something……”

All the audience members were surprised. They chattered among each other as they tried to figure it out. Why did the two people who were about to battle feel very different? They were just standing on the opposite side of each other without moving as if no one wanted to attack first. [One Sword]’s behavior was especially strange.



* * *





Chapter 331




Chapter 331

Chapter 331: Can You Still Use Swords after Your Arms Are Broken?

Only a few master warriors knew what [One Sword] was experiencing, and they couldn’t keep calm.

Could it be that this [Silver Armored Vicious Sword] was actually a mage who mastered Soul Magic Spells? It felt like what [One Sword] was experiencing could be only caused by Soul Magics!

Fei turned around and looked at Princess Cindy who was also sitting in the VIP area. He knew that this opponent of his was a magic genius, and he wondered if she had more insights into what was going on!

However, Fei discovered that the cold and noble Magic Princess was also looking at him! Above the veil, her crystal-like eyes were staring right at him.

When their eyes met, it seemed to have created sparks in the air.

It was subtle, but they both read some undescribed feelings from each other.

After seeing Fei looking at her, the Magic Princess lightly nodded and continued to watch the competition.

……

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

[Silver Armored Vicious Sword] finally started his attack.

With the silver sword in his hand, he leaped into the air and was as fast as lighting. He was close to the realm of “being one with the sword”, and it felt like this silver sword in his hand was everywhere.

The fast strikes left a series of afterimages in the air, and it looked like a white feathered peacock was opening up its feathers; some people in the audience also felt like the afterimages together looked like a bunch of crystal flowers; beautiful yet lethal.

These strikes from all directions were targeted at [One Sword] who still had his eyes closed.

The two silvers swords on the ground vibrated even faster, and the silver sword in [Silver Armored Vicious Sword]’s hand was also merciless. The sword turned into a phantom, and it quietly cut towards [One Sword]’s throat.

[One Sword]’s eyes were still closed. It felt like he wasn’t

aware of what was going on.

Gasps sounded around the stage. Numerous people already foresaw [One Sword] getting his head cut off; numerous people foresaw the most powerful warrior in this competition die under this strike.

As the blade of the silver sword was about to pierce into [One Sword]’s body, he reacted by lightly tilting his body backward.

The silver blade barely missed [One Sword]’s throat.

After missing the strike, [Silver Armored Vicious Sword] rotated his body in mid-air like a windmill and somehow pulled his body back to where he was standing before; it felt like he disobeyed the laws of Physics.

He then swung his sword in a circle and leaped into the air again. This time, he chopped down at [One Sword] who still hadn’t fully woken up yet; his movement looked like he was chopping down with an ax.

This change in strikes was unimaginably fast.

[One Sword], on the other hand, seemed to have been stuck on the ground. He didn’t move away, and big sweat drops started to appear on his forehead. It seemed like he had detected dangers as he tried to tilt his body backward even more. In the last second, he finally moved his left foot to the left a bit more.

Tink!

[Silver Armored Vicious Sword]’s sword landed in between [One Sword]’s feet.

Sword Energies instantly dashed out of the sword, and blood appeared.

One of [One Sword]’s ankles was wounded by one dash of Sword Energy, and blood spurted out of the wound.

“Ah! [One Sword] is injured!”

“Impossible! What did I just witness…… [Silver Armored Vicious Sword] actually got the advantage? He even injured [One Sword]? If I remembered everything correctly, this is the first time that [One Sword] is injured in the competition. Is it also the first time [One Sword] got injured in his life?”

“Damn! Is the result going to be shocking?”

“Impossible……”

All the people around the stage instantly started to murmur among themselves. Some people’s jaws dropped,

dropped, and some people rubbed their eyes to see if they were hallucinating. No one expected [One Sword] to get injured in this match. But now, it seemed like he might even lose and die!

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!



The Sword Energies flew around on the stage. [Silver Armored Vicious Sword] was “being one with the sword”, and he started to attack even more aggressively. On No.1 Sword-Testing Stage, [Silver Armored Vicious Sword] leaped into the air again and moved his sword in a very strange manner. As if a peacock opened its feathers, the dashes of Sword Energies shot out in all directions. They made no sounds, but they were lethal.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

As noise sounded, wounds started to appear on [One Sword]’s body as the Sword Energies started to leave wounds on his body and almost shredded his clothes.

All the master warriors in the audience were shocked to see this.

Fei tightly stared at the match that was taking place on No.1 Sword-Testing Stage. He thought this was going to be one-sided, but it took a very unexpected turn. Fei could tell that [One Sword] was in a disadvantageous situation. As he was inside Joy Sorrow Separate Gather Sword Array, [One Sword] could no longer predict the path of his opponent, and he could no longer catch his opponent’s movements. He could only use the instinct of a master warrior to dodge, and injuries were unavoidable.

This was probably the toughest match [One Sword] was ever involved in.

Fei believed that [One Sword] also noticed the hidden power in [Silver Armored Vicious Sword]’s body and was very interested in it. [One Sword] didn’t use his killer strike at the beginning and used his rain-like Sword Spirits to force out [Silver Armored Vicious Sword]’s real power.

However, that little curiosity placed him in a corner.

“Where is [Silver Armored Vicious Sword] from?”

The Joy Sorrow Separate Gather Sword Array was really strange, and the speed and

speed and sword technique [Silver Armored Vicious Sword] was demonstrating was also very surprising. It was different from mainstream techniques as it was fast, created illusions, and made no sounds. That was why [One Sword] had a hard time dealing with it.

Except for Fei, masters like Magic Princess Cindy, Shevchenko, and [Wind and Fire Dual Warriors] were all shocked as well. Many of them previously felt like this [Silver Armored Vicious Sword]’s strength was mediocre; they believed that he had a good look but was too arrogant to be a real master.

But now, it seemed like they were all fooled by [Silver Armored Vicious Sword]’s act!

……

On No.1 Sword-Testing Stage.

[One Sword] finally showed impatience and anxiety on his face.

This was the first time that he was in such a bad situation. He was angry, and all the sweats on his body were mixed with the blood. All of the emotions re-appeared in his mind again, and his eyes and ears were feeling even more pain. Finally, he was able to gain back some control of his warrior energy. His warrior energy dashed out of his body and soared into the sky. The huge airflows created by this was like a tornado that was swirling around [One Sword].

“Puff……”

[Silver Armored Vicious Sword] was charging forward at [One Sword] with his silver sword, but he was hit by this powerful force. As if he was hit by a huge hammer, he opened his mouth and puked out mouthfuls of blood. After he staggered and took more than a dozen steps back, he finally stabilized his body.

Boom!

Gasps sounded around the stage again.

“Too bad that your strength doesn’t match up with your techniques!”

Although [One Sword]’s eyes were still closed, although his clothes were torn in so many areas, although he looked defeated with all the sweats and blood on him, his calm expression and confident tone made a lot of people fear him.

“Surrender, and I will let

I will let you live.” [One Sword] opened his eyes and said to [Silver Armored Vicious Sword] who repeatedly puked up blood.

“Yuck! You want me to surrender? Beat me first! Do you think you are the king of Chambord?”[Silver Armored Vicious Sword] spat out.

[One Sword]’s expression changed. He sneered: “The king of Chambord? So what? You are not my match!”

“Yuck! Defeat me first!”

[Silver Armored Vicious Sword] mocked. As he said that, he moved the silver sword in his hand. Silver flames re-appeared, and the [Joy Sorrow Sword] and [Separate Gather Sword] that were stabbed in the ground started to vibrate again. The silver rings and engravings on them made a series of chime sounds, and the sounds all rushed into [One Sword]’s ears.

[One Sword] had to close his eyes after he heard that.

“Hahaha, as soon as I strike, you would need to close your eyes. And you want me to surrender?”[Silver Armored Vicious Sword] knew that his opponent was really powerful and the same techniques would be useless in front of him, and that was why he suddenly changed to another set of technique that was even more strange.

Whoosh! Whoosh!

Blood appeared on [One Sword] as he was injured again.

“I didn’t want to kill you.”[One Sword] sighed. Knowing that his opponent was weaker than him, [One Sword] didn’t even use his sword. He directly broke through the technique using his pure warrior energy.

After a noise, [Silver Armored Vicious Sword] was knocked away again. His arms were down and looked boneless; it seemed like [One Sword] broke his arms.

“Can you still use swords after your arms are broken?”

[One Sword] was very proud of himself. After his offer was rejected, he won’t ask again. [One Sword] who showed his hostility towards Fei in the battle with Torres didn’t show any mercy towards [Silver Armored Vicious Sword] after this young man brought up the king of Chambord.

[One Sword], wanted to kill!



* * *





Chapter 332




Chapter 332

Chapter 332: Blood on The Sword

“Hahaha….. of course! My arms are broken, but I can still use my feet!”

After puking up another mouthful of blood, [Silver Armored Vicious Sword] leaped into the air. The silver sword that was knocked away from his hands was squeezed in between his feet. He lightly kicked the sword, and he was able to hold onto the handle of the sword using his feet properly. Again, he was in the state of “being one with the sword”, and his body rotated in the air like a huge Beyblade. The strike came fast, and the strike came cold.

Tink! Tink! Tink! Tink!

Joy Sorrow Separate Gather Sword Array started to make sounds again, and the chime sounds were long yet beautiful.

Only [One Sword] who was within Joy Sorrow Separate Gather Sword Array knew how dangerous these chime sounds were.

Too bad that [Silver Armored Vicious Sword] was greatly injured. He wasn’t able to defeat [One Sword] when he was in his peak condition, and there was no chance for him to win now.

All of the masters in the audience could tell that [Silver Armored Vicious Sword]’s techniques were mystic and miraculous, but they weren’t backed up with the required level of warrior energy. If [Silver Armored Vicious Sword] was a Six-Star Warrior, [One Sword] would have been defeated already. However, he was only a Four-Star Warrior, and he couldn’t utilize the techniques and this Joy Sorrow Separate Gather Sword Array effectively.

Tink!

[One Sword] finally used his sword.

That dash of Sword Energy was as bright as a star, and it somehow showcased eternity at that moment.

“Puff….. Eh…….”

[Silver Armored Vicious Sword] who was spreading the silver flame in the air was forced back.

More blood came out of his mouth, and the silver sword that was held tightly in his legs was knocked away as well. It flew 20 meters in the air and

stabbed into the ground. The body of the sword was vibrating violently, and [Silver Armored Vicious Sword]’s legs were severely damaged; the leg bones could even be seen, and some of the audiences were scared.

This was the lightest injury [Silver Armored Vicious Sword] could ask for.

If [One Sword] wasn’t inside the Joy Sorrow Separate Gather Sword Array and his strength didn’t decrease dramatically, [Silver Armored Vicious Sword]’s legs might have been chopped off already. Everyone knew that [One Sword] didn’t hold back at all.

Tink! Tink!

Two flashes of silver lights appeared on the stage.

Joy Sorrow Separate Gather Sword Array got broke apart by [One Sword]’s supreme Sword Energy. Like two birds, [Joy Sorrow Sword] and [Separate Gather Sword] let out a cry as they flew into the air and lightly stabbed into the ground beside [Silver Armored Vicious Sword]!

Bam!

“Eh……”

After falling to the ground, blood rushed out of [Silver Armored Vicious Sword]’s leg wounds like fountains. It was clear that [Silver Armored Vicious Sword] couldn’t stand anymore.

Even though this was the case, he still held up and didn’t want to completely lie down on the ground. With insane pains in his arms and legs, his expression still didn’t change. He appeared to be even wilder as he laughed, “Hahaha, what? You are finally murderous? Hahaha, [One Sword], only one sword? Yuck! You only use one strike in battle? You finally took off your musk? You are not as good as the king of Chambord! There, I said it! Hahaha, what can you do? Kill me?”

Even though he was on the ground with blood all over him, [Silver Armored Vicious Sword]’s viciousness and wildness couldn’t be held back. He appeared haughty, and he wasn’t willing to step down.

“Can you still use swords with your arms and legs broke?”

[One Sword] sneered as he carefully wiped off the blood on his rusty sword with his finger, and

and he then blew at his finger to get the blood off there as well. His movement looked light, but the murderous intent in his voice made all the audience members sense chills in their spines.

“Just surrender!”

“Quickly! Just do it!”

“You already proved yourself! No one will call you an arrogant idiot anymore!”

Some people in the audience already started to yell.

For some reason, a lot of people who disliked [Silver Armored Vicious Sword] already changed their perception of this warrior after seeing this match. They were now all on the side of this arrogant prince, and they all wanted [Silver Armored Vicious Sword] to surrender to save his life. Those young girls who were fans of [Silver Armored Vicious Sword] had tears in their eyes as their hearts raced.

However, the young man on the stage demonstrated his wildness.

“Haha, of course I can!”



After a laugh, [Silver Armored Vicious Sword] hit the ground with one of his broke arms. As bone crackling noise sounded, this young man used this repulsive force to move his body. His body flew in the air, and he was able to bite onto his silver sword that was previously knocked away. He turned his head forcefully, and the silver sword that was held by his teeth commanded [Joy Sorrow Sword] and [Separate Gather Sword]. These two silvers swords flew into the air and struck at [One Sword] like two arrows.

Whoosh!

[One Sword]’s eyes shone, and he struck out without hesitation.

The Sword Energy from [One Sword] looked terrifying as it tore through space and hit both [Joy Sorrow Sword] and [Separate Gather Sword] at the same time. The two swords were knocked back and directly smashed onto the protective magic array. Shockingly, the swords shattered the array and flew into the sky; no one knew where the swords went.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

After seeing this, [Silver Armored Vicious Sword] turned around and

around and flew at [One Sword]. With the sword in his mouth, his body rotated fiercely in the air. Looking from afar, it looked like he was a fast drill.

It was obvious that he was willing to injure [One Sword] by putting his own life on the line.

“Too bad…… I didn’t want to kill you.”

[One Sword] sighed, but his expression didn’t show the same message. Without hesitation, he shook his arm. Instantly, that rusty sword looked crystal-like; it looked perfect and majesty as if it was a shiny god’s weapon.

After the technique was initiated, the chilling Sword Energy appear again.

This was really a killing move.

No one could describe the feel of this strike, no one could describe the power of this strike, and no one could describe the perfectness of this strike.

Anyone who was facing this strike would feel desperate.

This strike wasn’t something that [Silver Armored Vicious Sword] could handle. Even regular civilians could tell that [Silver Armored Vicious Sword] and his sword would be torn apart by this strike as if they went through a mincer. They would be turned into clouds of blood mists and iron dust.

Tink! Tink! Tink! Tink!

The silver sword and the unparalleled Sword Energy encountered.

Instantly, the sparks created by this was so bright that some people had to close their eyes. Waves of energy were emitted to the surroundings as if this was doomsday. The tragic atmosphere appeared on the stage, and No.1 Sword-Testing Stage started to shake as if it was going to collapse. Clouds of dust were everywhere, and bright flowers of blood would appear here and there. It was beautiful yet cruel.

After a long while, the sparks disappeared and the dust stopped fly up.

There was no sound on the stage, but no one knew that result as the clouds of dust blocked everyone’s vision.

“Is it over? Is it finished?” Someone in the audience suddenly asked.

“Is he

suddenly asked.

“Is he dead? No…… An arrogant bastard like him can’t die like this.” Some people didn’t want to see the tragic ending.

“[One Sword] is [One Sword] after all. Although he used more than one strike, the result is the same. However, despite the result, no one predicted this would occur on the stage.”

Some people murmured to each other, but the area was overall quiet.

Almost all of the masters in the VIP area had stood up, and they all stared at the stage and wanted the clouds of dust to settle.

Only Fei and Magic Princess Cindy were sitting in their seats. Princess Cindy looked at Fei with a curious expression, but Fei only had a smile on his face.

After a while, the clouds of dust finally settled.

Sword!

There was blood on the sword!

The blood wasn’t his opponent’s but his

The body of the sword was shaking and whining as if it was hit by something powerful.

The hand that was on the sword was bleeding as it was wounded. Blood slowly slid down his hand and dripped onto the ground after passing through the handle, the guard, the blade, and the tip of the sword. When the blood dripped down on the ground, it sent a few small dust flowers into the air.

It was [One Sword]’s hand.

[One Sword] was injured?

The quiet audience exploded as they talked with each other.

Only the more observant people realized that [One Sword]’s expression was very strange.

His body was shaking; it seemed like he was extremely angry, but he was suppressing something. However, he appeared to be in shock as well. All kinds of emotions appeared on his face, and it was even more complicated than when [One Sword] was inside Joy Sorrow Separate Gather Sword Array!

30 meters behind [One Sword], [Silver Armored Vicious Sword] was lying on the ground face down. His blood had quietly stained all the rock tiles around him.



* * *





Chapter 333




Chapter 333

Chapter 333: Three Strikes

“Second match in the quarterfinals…… winner, [One Sword]!”

After the judge walked up to [Silver Armored Vicious Sword] and did some checkups, he stood up and announced the result. Also, this judge waved at the Polo Kingdom and signaled them to send people to the stage to save their prince.

Although [Silver Armored Vicious Sword] was severely injured and lost his conscious, he didn’t die yet.

A few people jumped onto the stage. One of them was a man in his fifties. He looked strong and majestic, and he was wearing a golden crown; it was obvious that he was the king of Polo.

He quickly dashed to [Silver Armored Vicious Sword] and ordered the doctors and mages to start healing his son.

[One Sword], on the other hand, slowly put the rusty sword back into the scabbard on his back. After he shook his hand and got rid of the blood, he looked at the VIP area and stared at Fei. “Why did you get involved?” he suddenly asked.

“He praised me, so I saved him.” Fei laughed, “Just like how he mocked you and you tried to kill him.”

Fei didn’t try to hide at all.

“This is a fair competition that Emperor Yassin set up himself. How dare you get involved?”[One Sword] continued to ask patiently.

“I only got involved after the result was finalized. So technically, I wasn’t involved in your match.” Fei also answered patiently.

Of course, if what Fei said was within reason, what he said after was just next level. “What can you do if I did intervene?” [One Sword]’s expression changed, but he didn’t follow up with anything.

“You……” Anger appeared on [One Sword]’s face, but it quickly disappeared. He looked down at Fei as he stood on the tall stage and shook his head, “You are just a jerk who is unreasonable. I overestimated you.”

After he said that, he turned around and walked away.

He was afraid

that he could pull out his sword if he stood there any longer.

He had to admit that he wasn’t as calm as he seemed.

It was a very strange feeling. When he was the No.1 Master Warrior among all affiliated kingdoms, he was able to treat everyone with calmness. He was like the tallest mountain, and all other mountains were inferior to him.

With that sense of superiority, despite his common appearance with the rough robe and rusty sword, he was still the unnamed king who was wearing golden armors and using god-tier weapons in other people’s eyes.

Anyone who heard his name had to praise him and look up at him.

However, all of that changed after the king of Chambord appeared.

[Sky Covering Fist] …… Under the sky, was there still a place where he, [One Sword], could stand?

One mountain couldn’t contain two tigers! The king of Chambord’s appearance destroyed [One Sword]’s feelings of superiority. Especially after the king of Chambord got more famous and showed more strength, more and more people thought that [One Sword]’s No.1 Master Warrior title was already taken by the king of Chambord.

Before, [One Sword] believed that he could ignore all the comments and judgment others had about him; he thought he could laugh all of those things off, but that wasn’t the case. Not sure when, but the hostility toward the king of Chambord already started to build inside of him even though they never met.

As the king of Chambord got more powerful and dominating, the hostility [One Sword] had grown stronger.

[One Sword]’s complicated emotions were displayed in his last match when he fought Torres. His murderous intent told him that he couldn’t keep calm anymore. Like a huge hand, Fei’s appearance dragged him down from the cloud nine.

If he wanted to return to the usual place, he would need to cut off this hand.

……



The second match was finally over as people in the

the audience murmured among themselves.

The next match was the match that most people looked forward to. Although the king of Chambord and the Magic Princess hadn’t start battling, all the people around the stage felt like the blood inside of them was boiling as they were all very excited.

The king of Chambord, a new warrior who wasn’t even scared of the Imperial Knight Palace, and a young king who had miraculous stories. Was there anyone that can stop this young man who had shocked the audience again and again? Many people didn’t think he was going to be stopped by anyone at the competition.

Magic Princess Cindy, the princess of resourceful and powerful Bulan Kingdom. Her beautiful face and haughty appearance got her a lot of fans from the beginning, and her magic power, her spells, and her sheer confidence even made Matt Razi state that she was on the level of the king of Chambord and [One Sword].

The king and the princess…… who was going to be in the semi-finals?

Tens of thousands of people got very close to the stage as they all wanted to witness this match carefully. Even the royal mages who were here to fix the No.1 Sword-Testing Stage that was damaged in the previous match didn’t leave; they all stood around the stage.

These mages with gold-gilded red mage robes stood here for two reasons. One, they were here to prevent the audience from getting injured if the battle on the stage got too heated. Two, they also wanted to watch the battle that was deemed as the No.1 Battle between warrior energy and magic power by older-generation masters. After all, the magic power Princess Cindy demonstrated even moved these royal mages.

As magic elements surged, [No.1 Goddess] who was in a long black dress flew into the air. With a pair of wings created by wind magic elements, she looked like a pretty butterfly. She flew from

flew from the VIP area and slowly landed on the stage.

The way she moved made a lot of men who were watching this get nosebleeds.

Princess Cindy looked majestic at this moment, and she looked impeccable. However, almost every man had evil thoughts in their subconscious about destroying beautify and purity. That was why their blood was boiling.

It was heard that Magic Princess’ beautify had attracted the attention of some influential figures.

A lot of powerful forces in St. Petersburg had visited the old king of Bulan Kingdom and asked for marriage arrangements; they all wanted to establish an alliance with the Bulan Kingdom. Even though Princess Cindy was powerful, she might not be able to resist the political forces.

Fei only smiled.

Ever since this princess killed [Bloody Dual Blades] using his own methods, Fei had a good impression of her. Of course, it wasn’t love; Fei just felt like this cold Magic Princess had good morals and knew what to do in different situations, and Fei admired those characteristics of her.

After calling Torres over and giving him a bottle of [Health Potion], Fei told his bodyguard to give this to the Polo Kingdom to save [Silver Armored Vicious Sword]’s life. He then slapped the armrest of his stone throne and appeared on the stage in a flash.

After the judge announced the beginning of the match, blue lights flashed by and a “water curtain” covered the stage in all directions. It completely enveloped the stage and kept the audience safe.

The protective magic array was altered, and it can now defend against the strike of an Eight-Star Warrior.

All the cheers of the audience were blocked off, and it was completely quiet inside the stage. The two of them looked at each other, and the match was about to begin.

This was Fei’s first time standing so close to Princess Cindy.

Although her magic power hadn’t been shown yet, Fei could still sense the terrifying amount of magic

amount of magic power inside the thin body of this girl. She was like a nuclear bomb that could explode at any time; pretty yet dangerous.

“You intervened the previous match?” Magic Princess took off her veil as she lightly asked.

Her face was smooth like the best porcelain and had a white glare to it, and all of her facial features were perfect. She wasn’t as pure as Angela, she wasn’t as valiant as Elena, she wasn’t as wise as Tanasha, and she wasn’t as seductive as Paris. However, she had a charm of her own; she was quiet and independent like an orchid flower.

“Yeah.” Fei didn’t try to hide it.

“[One Sword] is no match for you.” As if she recalled the superior aura Fei showed when he saved [Silver Armored Vicious Sword], she said after a moment of silence, “I am not your match either.”

Fei only smiled back.

This girl’s instinct was too sharp. When Fei hurried to save [Silver Armored Vicious Sword]’s life, he used a power that was close to Nine-Star to break [One Sword]’s killing strike.

A small knife was filled with Fei’s power as it was sent flying towards [One Sword]’s sword by Fei’s finger. Although the knife knocked away [One Sword]’s sword, it also exploded to dust as it couldn’t handle Fei’s explosive power for long. Except for [One Sword], Fei thought no one else noticed. It seemed like Magic Princess took a notice of that and even compared the power in that knife with [One Sword]’s and hers. Fei’s impression of her got even better.

“However, I won’t surrender. My master told me that I can only advance if I battled with other powerful people. I want to know how powerful you are, so let’s determine the outcome of the battle in three strikes.”

As she said that, she grabbed onto that huge battle wand. Her hair started to flutter as her body slowly elevated into the air.



* * *





Chapter 334




Chapter 334

Chapter 334: [Burning Beauty of Flames] (Part One)

“Three strikes? Ok!”

Fei stepped forward, and his Barbarian strength was unleashed from his body and expanded outward like a tornado.

This force made the air on the stage dense. As if it was a transparent swamp, it was hard to move in it. People on the outside also had a hard time observing what was happening as if all the lights on the stage were bent.

“Ah? Seven-Star? He advanced again?”

A royal mage who was wearing a mage hat gasped. He was standing on the edge of the stage, and he clearly sensed what was happening inside the array.

Although his gasp wasn’t loud, the people around him were shocked! This mage was white-haired and was clearly an elder; his words were trusted by many.

“So the king of Chambord is already a Seven-Star Warrior?” other warriors in the audience felt a numb sensation. The distance between Six-Star and Seven Star was huge, and some warriors couldn’t leap through the threshold in their lifetime. However, the king of Chambord walked pass this threshold in half a month!

A lot of people in the VIP area were disappointed. There were a lot of warriors who thought they weren’t too different from the king of Chambord and wanted to challenge him. But now, their expressions were all gloomy.

……

Both Elena and [One Sword] had left the area and went back to their own campsites; this was their habit.

The only person who was on the top-4 list and didn’t leave was Prince Shevchenko. When people looked at him, they realized that this prince wasn’t nervous at all. His face looked emotionless as his lips tightly pressed against each other, and no one can tell what this prince was thinking about.

Fei only showcased a little bit of his strength, and the entire audience was

set off!

The people in the audience didn’t know that Fei didn’t show all of his power. His Barbarian Character was on the peak of Nine-Star, and it was only one step away from becoming a Moon-Class Elite.

Fei purposefully showed a mid-tier Seven-Star strength as he didn’t want this girl in front of him to lose so badly.

After a light roar, Fei clenched his fist and moved it to his waist; this was the simple movement that most people would do before punching out. However, when Fei did it, it felt like all of the energies in the area were sucked into his right hand. It felt like Fei had grasped the essence of a punch and could be using any kinds of technique from this point on.

The three-strike agreement Fei and Cindy made caused Fei to think back to that mysterious master. That father-like and teacher-like mysterious warrior made ten-strike agreements with Fei, and Fei’s strength jumped in levels after training with him. Now, Fei had granular control of his power, and there were no leakages as he clenched his fist.

A transparent energy flame covered Fei’s right fist.

Princess Cindy on the other side of him was also preparing her ultimate strikes. With the Elevation Spell, she was floating two meters above the ground. Although there was no wind, her long black hair was fluttering in the air like flames. Her arms were open as if she was trying to hug something, and a haughty yet dangerous aura appeared around her. Her eyes somehow started to appear more and more silver as if an eternity of coldness was stored there, and her hairs gradually turned silver as well.

Crack, crack……

Ice freezing noises sounded in the air, and the temperature around the stage dropped. Frosts appeared on the ground from nowhere, and more and more

more frosts stacked up. Princess Cindy was the center, and frosts expanded in all directions.

Ice gradually formed, and it soon reached Fei’s feet. After that, it started to climb up and froze Fei’s legs, waist, chest…… in the end, frosts even appeared on Fei’s eyebrows and hair.

“Sh*t! I’m a little too overconfident.” Fei said to himself.

After a period of preparation, it seemed like the spell Princess Cindy was about to cast surpassed her level and reached peak Seven-Star. This was the terrifying side of mages. As long as there were enough time and enough magic power, they could deal damages far beyond their own strength.

Of course, the consequences of casting these kinds of Forbidden Spells were huge damages to ones’ own body.

“King of Chambord! Take this first strike!” Magic Princess shouted with her crisp voice, “[Goddess of Snow’s Embrace]!”

As soon as she finished speaking, the sound of a snowstorm and strong wind resonated on the stage. A lot of cracking noises also sounded as if ice burgs started to fall. The temperature on the stage dropped dramatically, and even the hard rock tiles on the ground started to crack.

At this moment, snow finally appeared.

As Princess Cindy opened ups her arm as if she was about to hug someone, all of the snow in the air organized themselves into a huge female figure. This huge female figure made from snow also opened its arm and hugged toward Fei.



Chapter 334: [Burning Beauty of Flames] (Part Two)

As soon as the figure touched Fei, all the snow turned into silver ice; Fei was directly frozen in this ice.

Under such coldness, even the magic elements on the water curtain-like magic array lost their agility.

Everyone in the audience was surprised. Under the lights from the blue magic array, they all saw the king of Chambord inside the

inside the ice. He was still in his pose where his clenched fist was beside his waist, but it seemed like he couldn’t move anymore.

“The king of Chambord lost?”

Even the royal mages around the stage were shocked.

As mages, they were able to sense how terrifying Princess Cindy’s [Goddess of Snow’s Embrace] was. The spell reached the peak of Seven-Star, and it was obvious that it was only successfully cast by Cindy with the help of her wand and some other items.

It was because of this powerful Forbidden Spell that people started to doubt the king of Chambord. Although the name [Sky Covering Fist] was heard around the empire, they all knew that he let go of his advantage and allowed Princess Cindy to finish her spell. Could this be the end of the king of Chambord?

It was strangely quietly outside the stage as everyone held onto their breath.

On the stage, no joy could be seen on Princess Cindy’s face. With her hands on the huge battle wand, she lightly waved it as she continued to recite a series of ear-pleasing yet strange chants. It sounded like the singing of the Goddess of Snow, and many people were mesmerized by it.

Everyone knew that she was preparing another even more powerful spell.

At this moment, the huge ice on the stage shone; the light was so bright that it felt like it was a fire in the dark night. Before people in the audience reacted, a huge booming noise sounded as cracked ice pieces flew in all directions.

What was even more surprised was that all these ice pieces evaporated in to thin air after traveling for a few meters.

In the next moment, the temperature on the stage returned to normal.

It felt like the ice and the snow was never there before

In the center of the stage, the

the stage, the king of Chambord was standing there quietly. No change could be seen on him as there were no traces of ice and snow. His black hair fluttered in the wind with no moisture in it, and it felt like the person who was frozen in the ice wasn’t him.

That [Goddess of Snow’s Embrace] was able to destroy a peak Seven-Star Warrior, but it didn’t even harm one single strand of his hair.

“How powerful is he?”

The people in the VIP area and the royal mages around the stage were still shocked. They saw a lot more information – they found that the ice and snow Princess Cindy created using her magic power was completely dismantled by the king of Chambord’s physical strength. How powerful and how terrifying did the physical strength needed to be before it could dismantle the connections between each of the magic elements? After all, if the bonds and connections between the magic elements were cut off, they would return to their purest form and disperse back into the air.

As they looked at the man who was standing on the stage, all of the master warriors of Zenit knew that this man wasn’t someone they could challenge.

They had lost the qualification to challenge him.

“Could Princess Cindy who brought us a lot of shocks continue to shock us with her second spell?”

The passionate fans of Princess Cindy all hoped that the goddess in their hearts could recreate miracles.

……

“Second Strike……” It was still her crisp voice. The Magic Princess who was floating in the air held onto the huge battle wand. She raised it above her head like a sword, and the fluttering black dress added more esthetics to her appearance. Her movement was slow, it felt like she was raising a mountain and not a wand.

“[Burning Beauty of Flames]!”



* * *





Chapter 335




Chapter 335

Chapter 335: You Can’t Win

As Princess Cindy shouted, the sounds of fire suddenly appeared on the stage .

At the same time, blood slowly slid down her lips . Her white skin contrasted with the red blood, and she looked extra fragile yet extra beautiful at that moment .

The huge battle wand struck down .

Instantly, a huge amount of indefensible power rushed out of the wand .

Fire!

Fire beam!

Eye-piercing thick fire beam!

As if it torn apart space and didn’t belong in this universe, it shot out of the tip of the wand and dashed at Fei rapidly .

The thick fire beam was very bright, and it caused a burn to people’s eyes .

No one expected such a powerful fire spell from Princess Cindy . She had been only showing and using her smooth ice spells in the past, and no one thought she also mastered spells on the other end of the spectrum .

The burning fire felt like it was going to destroy the land, and the ground of the Sword-Testing Stage was heated to the maximum . The sunlight was bent, and white fogs started to appear on the stage . This scene would only appear if the protective “water curtain” magic array was about to collapse due to the terrifying fire magic elements .

Fei’s face changed color .

He didn’t know that this girl could play with both ice and fire .

Clench the fist, grasp the energy, concentrate the energy, and punch-out……

This series of movements were almost completed in a second, and the people in the audience could only see a series of blurry afterimages . The movements themselves were aesthetically pleasing as well, and the afterimages looked like a crystalized lotus .

When this lotus bloomed, Fei punched out .

Boom!

The crystalized fist mark that had a transparent flame around it smashed into the red fire beam that was coming at it .

As soon as they encountered each other, the fire power of the fire beam and the physical force of the crystal fist mark started to devour each other . The victory didn’t immediately show itself . The red fire continued to eat away at Fei . Gradually, Fei’s entire right arm was covered by the red fire beam . In addition, this red fire beam was gradually moving towards other areas of Fei’s body .

Princess Cindy, on the other hand, was barely able to maintain her position . The huge magic gem on the tip of the wand was the source of this fire beam, and the fire beam continuously rushed out of it like a laser .

The only thing was that her face was extremely pale . Under her silver flowery crown, sweats covered her head . More and more blood slid down the edge of her mouth . After the blood slid down her long and beautiful neck, it slid into her black dress .

She forcefully activated the magic power that was beyond her control, and she recited the spell that she hadn’t mastered . Although she had help from magic items, the damage to her own body couldn’t be avoided . Currently, the Magic Princess was in a terrible condition as well .

Boom!

After this went on for another 10 minutes, Fei’s expression changed as he shook his right arm .

Strands of transparent physical energy expanded outward like waves, and the thick fire beam finally started to whine . As if it was a snake that got its tender spot grasped, it started to cry and continued to shrink in size . Soon, all the fire in the air disappeared .

The white sleeve of Fei’s shirt and Fei’s black wristband were all burned into ashes .

[Burning Beauty of Flames] did pose some threats to Fei . After all, Princess Cindy did risk getting injured to cast this spell that was beyond her control . This spell was on the level of Eight-Star, and Fei couldn’t really dismantle it when he was in a passive position . Fei suspected that Magic Princess Cindy had one or more magic items on her that helped her, and he suspected that there was at least one item that was on the level of Sub-God-tier . Otherwise, a mage who was on the level of Six-Star couldn’t deal so much damage above her capacity .

It seemed like everyone had their own trump cards .

Everyone was the protagonist in their own lives; everyone had their own opportunities and their own pride .

After a short moment of silence, unprecedented cheers erupted around the stage . Like an erupting volcano, loud thunders, and tsunami, the cheers soared into the sky and even temporarily deafened some people . This was the best match the audience had witnessed so far in the competition .

There weren’t any fancy and fluff fillers; there were only direct battles . This was a real match, and the two participants demonstrated what it meant to be masters .

Even people who had no power could sense the terrifying energies from the match . Although they couldn’t tell how powerful those snowstorm, crystalized fist mark, and thick fire beam were, their souls subconsciously worshiped the two participants . Even though only a tiny bit of pressure was passed through the magic array, their souls were trembling .

All of the royal mages around the stage no longer had time to be surprised . They tried their best to inject more and more magic power into the array so it didn’t break down . Otherwise, if the power inside the array was leaked out, more than half of the audience would be killed, and it would be the biggest tragedy in the history of Zenit!

Everyone in the VIP area stood up and stared at the match closely . Some people were surprised, some people were joyous, some people were shocked, and some people were dumbfounded…… The king of Chambord was very significant in the eyes of the big forces . Even if the big influential figures didn’t like the king of Chambord, they had to start being more careful when dealing with the Chambord Kingdom .

Many people looked at Luck Prince Shevchenko again .

This time, this young man no longer looked calm . His was shocked as he slowly sat down on his seat . He didn’t say anything, and no one could observe his expressions as he lowered his head .

On the stage .

Magic Princess Cindy started to shake a little in the air . Her face looked even paler, but her eyes were still shiny as ever . With decisiveness in her eyes and a stubborn smile on her face, it felt like this girl made a tragic decision . For a moment, Fei felt like there were tears in this girl’s eyes, and he felt like this princess was a moth that was about to fly into a flame .

“Last strike……” Princess Cindy wiped the blood off of the corner of her mouth . She took out a white silk band from her storage ring and tied her hair into a ponytail . After that, she grabbed her wand and started chanting again using her goddess-like crisp voice .

As the chant sounded, all the magic elements on the stage started to surge . A terrifying sensation started to appear, and everyone could tell that Princess Cindy was preparing a spell that was more powerful than the previous two .

Fei shook his head and said: “Stop, you are already injured . ”

The only response to Fei’s recommendation was more chanting . Even the magic elements outside the Sword-Testing Stage rushed in, and people in the audience felt like magic elements flowed pass them like invisible water . It felt like an illusion, but it felt real as well .

“You will die if you continue to use Forbidden Spells . ” Fei frowned and said after he sensed the stubbornness of his opponent .

The chanting didn’t stop, and stubbornness was still written all over Princess Cindy’s face .

A terrifying amount of magic element surrounded her body, and these magic elements were so dense that they created a huge windstorm 10 meters around her . As the wind blew in all directions, the people in the audience all fell backward as if they were crops in a windy field . For a moment, gasps sounded from all directions .

“Please stop . ”

Fei lightly shook his head and instantly appeared in front of this Magic Princess . Those powerful magic elements couldn’t stop Fei at all, and Fei’s palm was already on the forehead of [No . 1 Goddess] .

Even a kid knew what it meant to have a warrior standing next to a mage .

If Fei moved his hand, he would be able to destroy the beautiful yet stubborn girl .

People around the stage started to scream, especially the elderly king and the young princes of the Bulan Kingdom; they looked terrified as they shouted .

However, the Magic Princess still didn’t stop chanting .

Decisiveness could still be seen in her eyes, but Fei saw a bit of relief on her stubborn face . It felt like she thought she would be relieved if Fei killed her . Despite all these thoughts, forcefully chanting a powerful Forbidden Spell made her condition even worse as more blood slid down her nostrils and mouth .

“You can’t win . Go back and rest . ”

Fei lightly tapped Cindy’s head, and the force was just enough to make this Magic Princess faint . Without the support of magic power, her body dropped down from the air . To avoid more injuries, Fei reached out and kept this [No . 1 Goddess] in his arms .

The king of Chambord won!



* * *





Chapter 336




Chapter 336

Chapter 336: Two Letters

After the judge announced the result of the match, the royal mages who were injected all of their magic powers into the protective magic array finally stopped .

After running-water noise sounded, the water curtain-like array was taken down .

A few figures quickly dashed onto the stage .

It was the old king and the three princes of Bulan .

“Thank you, Your Majesty!” the old king of Bulan was thin and had white hair and white beard, but he looked energetic . After he looked at Fei, he bowed and thanked Fei for going easy on his daughter .

A handsome young man who had curly hair took Princess Cindy from Fei’s arms nervously . He looked valiant and a bit haughty, and he was probably Princess Cindy’s younger brother .

Although Princess Cindy lost to Fei, the people from the Bulan Kingdom were very polite and respectful towards Fei .

They all knew that Princess Cindy tried to use spells that she couldn’t handle without caring about the injuries they would do to her body . If the king of Chambord didn’t use his superior strength to forcefully stop Princess Cindy, this beautiful yet talented young girl might have been killed by the backlash of the magic elements instead of fainting .

The people of Bulan quickly left with Princess Cindy as the audience murmured among themselves .

“King of Chambord! King of Chambord! King of Chambord!”

Someone started to cheer for Fei . Gradually, everyone around the stage started to chant the same thing . This high-level battle was something that a lot of people wanted to see, and a lot of people’s life dreams were satisfied as they watched two master warriors battle through the “water curtain” . After all, a lot of civilians who had no power rarely saw master warriors on this level .

The king of Chambord also shown the generosity of a king .

Compared to [One Sword] who tried to kill [Silver Armored Vicious Sword] when he had the upper-hand, Fei who saved Princess Cindy at the critical moment was more in-line with people’s heroic fantasies .

At this moment, a lot of Princess Cindy’s fans were chanting on the king of Chambord, and some of them even thought, “Perhaps only a super powerful king like the king of Chambord is suitable for a talented female mage like Magic Princess . ”

After this battle, the top-4 list was finalized . The king of Chambord and [Goddess of Archery] secured two spots for Chambord and looked dominating, and [One Sword]’s advancement was within expectation as well . In comparison, Luck Prince Shevchenko was believed to be the weakest of the bunch . Almost everyone believed that he would not make into the final match .

Didn’t matter how lucky he was, there wasn’t a free pass next round .

Luck was useless in front of real strength .

……

After the matches were over, it was already the afternoon .

When Fei returned to the campsite of Chambord, the maid named Autumn came up and reported that the Elder Princess had invited Angela to her place, and three other maids, Spring, Summer, and Winter also went with Angela .

Fei lightly frowned and nodded .

Autumn was one of the girls who was gifted to Fei by Blood-Edge . Fei saved them from the cruel punishment of the Imperial Knight Palace and let them obtain residency at Chambord since they could no longer find their families . Angela pitied them and let them become her maids as they were cute and smart .

However, Fei suddenly thought about a famous movie in his previous life called “Flirting Scholar” at the time and gave them the names of the four maids in the movie .

Even though no one understood Fei’s sense of humor and everyone thought the names were weird, they were given by the king, and the four maids were honored by it .

Although the names were weird, they sounded good and people started calling them Spring, Summer, Autumn, and Winter .

As Fei was wondering why Tanasha invited Angela over again, he walked into the central tent .

However, he saw a beautiful figure lying on the carpet made from the white fur of a demon beast; this carpet was placed under the stone throne that Fei always sat on . When Fei walked in, this girl was putting a purple grape in her mouth . She was very relaxed, her silver long hair was resting on the soft carpet, and her white dress couldn’t completely cover her white legs that would make all men thirsty .

“Ah, Your Majesty, you are back…… I…… I……”

This girl was terrified when she saw Fei walk in . She quickly jumped off of the carpet made from level 6 Demon Beast – Cloud Leopard’s fur, but she hit her head on the stone table above her . Although it was painful and that area did swell, she looked at Fei with a scared expression as she tried to find her shoes . There were tears in her eyes, and her hair was all messy .

“Damn, you like to enjoy comfort and being lazy . So you are a real princess, huh?” Fei was a little mad, but he also found it a little funny . Therefore, he kept a straight face and scolded her .

“Ah, I…… I was here to put down some fruits…… . Angela Her Highness…… She told me that before she left . ” This girl quickly tried to explain herself as she covered the swelling area on her head; she didn’t dare to look at Fei .

“Ok, leave now . ” Fei intentionally shouted with a straight face, and the girl quickly rushed towards the curtain-door . However, she accidentally stepped on her dress and exposed more of her legs as she fell down . After that, she screamed as she quickly got up and rushed out of the tent like a little rabbit .

Fei shook his head with a bitter smile on his face .

This girl was one of the girls that Lampard saved from Blood-Edge on the night of the operation . She didn’t speak the language of Zenit, but she was smart and soon got the hang of it; after all, the language systems on this continent were all similar .

After talking with her, she said that her name was Victories and she was a princess of a level 4 Empire . She gave her reasons for why she was captured and why she can’t go back home currently . Therefore, she asked Fei to temporarily protect her .

Fei vaguely felt like this girl’s identity was not common since her aura was different and she looked very beautiful . Her bone structure was different from the people of Zenit, and her silver hair was even rarer . In addition, she always stated information that everyone at Chambord didn’t know about .

As Fei allowed her to say in Chambord’s campsite, he ordered people to investigate the background of this Victoria .

However, all of her small problems were completely exposed as she got familiar with the people of Chambord . She was lazy and liked comfort . She was also hot-tempered and liked treasures . However, her worse problem was her gossips ability . Anything she heard would be turned into 10 versions and spread around Chambord and the camp area .

After Fei tolerated her a few times, he decided to punish her by making her into a maid just like Spring, Summer, Autumn, and Winter . After getting scolded and punished, she got a lot better . However, her bad habits such as being lazy were still there .

What happened earlier was obvious . After seeing that no one was around, she lied on the fur of the level 6 Demon Beast – Cloud Leopard . She wanted this fur for a long time, and she decided to enjoy being a princess a for a little while . However, she was too into it and didn’t even notice Fei’s footsteps .

Fei shook his head again and thought, “This girl Victoria is really a special one . ”

He could tell that this girl knew the limits and wasn’t a bad person despite having bad habits, and that was why Fei allowed this girl to continue to stay here .

After inspection, Fei knew that Victoria only enjoyed Cloud Leopard’s fur and a few grapes; she didn’t touch the confidential information of Chambord that were kept in the back .

……

Fei sat on his throne and rested his head on his palms . After thinking back to the assassination of Balesi, he knew that the Holy Church must have reacted . After all, the appearance of an Undead Mage was shocking .

Even if the Holy Church didn’t know that he was the assassin, he would be on the preliminary suspect list . At this point, his actions and movements must have been reported to the Church already .

As he was wondering, Torres suddenly reported that a soldier from Imperial Patrol was here . The soldier walked in and carefully handed over a letter to Fei . It had a red rose on it, and it was Paris’ signature .

After sending away the solider, Fei opened the letter and read it .

Paris wanted to tell Fei that some mysterious people appeared in the camp area around 10’o clock in the morning . After Imperial Patrol investigate them, they found out that they were all spying on Fei .

Paris wasn’t concerned in the beginning as there were too many forces monitoring Chambord . However, she discovered that these people were from the Holy Church by accident, and she quickly notified Fei secretly .

After Fei finished reading it, he rolled it into a ball; the fragrance on the letter was the same as Paris’ bodily fragrance .

What happened were all within Fei’s expectation, so he shook his hand and turned the letter into some fine dust .

At this time, something triggered Fei . He opened up a blue portal, and a person walked out of it . This person handed a letter to Fei and walked back .

Fei opened the letter and found that the content of this letter was similar to Paris’ .

He was reassured .



* * *





Chapter 337




Chapter 337

Chapter 337: Final Match

From the two letters, Fei knew that it seemed like the Holy Church didn’t want to publicize the assassination from the Undead Mage . The fact that the Holy Church wanted little people to know that Balesi was assassinated calmed Fei a little . If this was the case, Fei would be the only person that knew about this assassination other than members of the Holy Church . Since all the techniques he used were from Diablo World, he wasn’t afraid of the investigation .

After thinking about that, Fei realized that it was still quite early . He decided to instruct Inzagi and others about the combat techniques .

After learning from that mysterious master, Fei’s understanding of cultivation in this world increased a lot; he was no longer the weak warrior who figured out things by studying his own Assassin Character . With more knowledge, he was able to explain things to his students better and make good analogies; he was overall an effective teacher at this point .

In front of the central tent, Inzagi and his peers Kawani, Michael, Gonzalez, and David were all practicing the basic assassination techniques under Fei’s instruction .

Inzagi was a mercenary before, and he had some battle experience . Being the oldest of the bunch, he was the most powerful assassin among them . It felt like Inzagi was born to be an assassin . This thin and dark young man had a great understanding of the skills that Fei taught, and his body was strengthened by [Hulk Potion] . Combined with the stealth ability he was born with, he could take on a Three-Star Warrior with ease .

Micheal was a cute boy with big eyes and thick eyebrows . He was only 12 years old, and he still looked a little shy with his short blonde hair . The weapon he picked out was a spear that wasn’t commonly used by assassins, but he looked comfortable using it and felt good with it in his hands .

David was also a pretty blonde boy, and the weapon he was using was a silver blade .

Kawani was a bit tall for his age . Although he was only 13 years old, he was already 1 . 7 meters tall . Same as Inzagi, he chose a very sharp knife . Fei actually really liked this little guy for some reason; even though he wasn’t handsome and didn’t have great talent, he was really hardworking and was silent most of the time .

Gonzalez was different like Micheal, but he was different in his own ways . Although he was an assassin, he liked wearing white robes . He used a thin sword, and he looked smooth with it . Although he wasn’t as handsome as David, he was equally smart and equally talented .

These kids were all from the ghetto of the Hot Spring Gate, and they suffered through a lot in their childhoods . Their parents all died during wars, and they had witnessed the most tragic events in their lives when people like Uncle York and little Tina were killed in front of them . Due to their tragic experiences, they treasured their current lives where they could live by Fei’s side and learn cultivation to change their lives . In their minds, Fei was like their bigger brother and a fatherly figure, and their emotions toward Fei were as strong as Pierce’s and Drogba’s .

Only the kids that experienced tragedies could treasure what they have right now .

These kids’ performances did meet Fei’s standards . The king didn’t really want these kids to kill people for him; he needed to find them something to do so their lives were more meaningful . Cultivation was a great path on this Azeroth Continent that was ruled by the laws of the jungle, and trying to avenge for their loved ones in Hot Spring Gate was also a spiritual goal .

The golden sunlight shined on the empty field in Chambord’s campsite, and Pierce and Drogba were training with some Saint Seiyas and Bylaw Enforcement Officers . Not too far away, Torres was practicing his archery skills as if he could never get tired, and Robbin was teaching a team of Saint Seiyas how to use their blades more effectively . Except for Peter-Cech who was still unconscious in his tent, everyone at Chambord had something to do .

As people from other kingdoms passed by Chambord’s campsite, they looked at all Chambordians in envy . They were especially jealous of the five kids who were being personally instructed by the king of Chambord . Fei was already a master in others’ eyes, and being taught by such a master was a dream for a lot of warriors .

When the sun was about to set, the Polo Kingdom sent an envoy to Chambord’s campsite; he brought a letter and a potion . After [Silver Armored Vicious Sword] woke up, he immediately sent someone here to help Cech wake up .

Majority of the people might not know how [Silver Armored Vicious Sword] survived under [One Sword]’s blade since [One Sword] was standing quite close to Fei when they talked, but [Silver Armored Vicious Sword] himself felt something . Especially after the old king of Polo told him about the conversation between [One Sword] and the king of Chambord, he immediately sent someone to Chambord .

Fei opened the letter and read it . Afterward, he realized that his hypothesis was correct . [Silver Armored Vicious Sword]’s technique didn’t have an effect on people’s souls, just like how his [Joy Sorrow Sword], [Separate Gather Sword], and the [No Name Sword] had an effect on people’s emotions . [Silver Armored Vicious Sword]’s techniques were really miraculous, but Fei finally knew how to wake up Cech now .

Fei thanked the envoy and asked him about [Silver Armored Vicious Sword]’s condition . It turned out that although the arrogant young man was severely injured, he was in no danger after consuming the [Health Potion] Fei sent him and getting treated by the doctors of the Polo Kingdom .

After the envoy left, it was already the evening .

At this moment, Fei realized that the battle legions that were camped around the camp area of the affiliated kingdoms started to move as a ton of troops were gathering towards St . Petersburg .

“Could it be that something bad happened at the battlefront? Did Arshavin encounter strong enemies?”

Fei had a bad feeling about this .

After thinking about it, he sent some smart Bylaw Enforcement Officers out of the campsite to gather information .

Although Fei didn’t have a sense of belonging towards Zenit, he was currently living in it . If Zenit Empire got conquered, Chambord Kingdom would soon be in danger .

Especially since Fei wanted the control of the new legion that was about to be formed, and that legion was going to the battlefront, he better pays attention to what was happening .

Time passed by, and the darkness enveloped the continent .

The Bylaw Enforcement Officers who were out to gather information soon came back . What Fei thought happened didn’t occur . Rather, the Martial Saint of Spartax Empire, Lkunta, arrived at St . Petersburg; he was going to duel with the Martial Saint of Zeit, Krasic, five days later on the Martial Saint Mountain .

This battle between the two Martial Saints was scheduled a long time ago .

Since there was a war between the two empires, this battle was even more significant . A Martial Saint was like the soul of an empire, and he or she was the person that all soldiers of an empire looked up to . Although a Martial Saint didn’t have any privileges or official power, they were worshipped by numerous citizens and treated like idols .

The result of the battle between Krasic and Lkunta would determine which empire had the best top-tier warriors .

If one Martial Saint lost, the empire he or she belonged to would no longer have any people who could defend against the Martial Saint of the enemy empire . Even if the military and troops got involved, they would be faced with huge risks . In the wars on the Azeroth Continent, top-tier masters had inestimable influence and had the ability to potentially turn a losing situation around .

Martial Saint of Spartax was very low-key, and his group didn’t attract any attention . Of course, they also didn’t hide their identity . In a few hours, the news about Lkunta’s arrival spread around the area . Although the officials of Zenit were confident in Martial Saint Krasic, the three battle legions were moved and repositioned just in case the worst situation occurred .

“I see . ” Fei thought about it .

He was looking forward to the battle . However, he didn’t know if there were restrictions on who could attend and observe . But didn’t matter what the rules were, Fei was determined to watch this battle between the most powerful warrior of the two empires .

The atmosphere around the camp area was slowly changing .

When some of the warriors and nobles from the southern regions of Zenit heard about Lkunta’s arrival, they all went to the residence of Lkunta and started denouncing Spartax Empire’s invade and offenses .

……

It was midnight, and Angela still didn’t return from St . Petersburg .

Tanasha sent someone to Chambord’s campsite to let Fei know that there was a huge party where all the influential figures of Zenit would attend . She said that Angela would stay for the night at her place and could return the next day .

Fei frowned after he heard that, but he didn’t say anything .

In the night, Fei entered Diablo World to kill monsters and level up .

This time, he chose the Barbarian Character . After a night of killings, he almost completed all the quests on the Third Map [Kurast Docks] . When he and Elena reached [Durance of Hate – Level 2], his time limit for the day was almost up .

Fei decided that he won’t go to the final boss [Mephisto] on this map unless he was fully prepared, and he returned to [Rogue Encampment] . He learned more new knowledge from Akara and Cain, and he then asked them how much decoding they had done to that mysterious room so far . After hearing that success wasn’t too far away, he tried his best to hold back the curiosity and exited Diablo World .

Now, the Barbarian Character was level 76 .

……

The kingdom ranking matches continued to proceed the next day .

After the draw, it was determined that Fei and Elena would be battling each other, and the Luck Prince Shevchenko would be taking on [One Sword] .

This set up was a little disappointing for Chambord as one of them would be knocked out for sure . [One Sword] was a lot luckier and got the Luck Prince Shevchenko as an opponent . Tens of thousands of people in the audience knew that [One Sword] would be able to easily defeat his opponent and move into the final .

It seemed like the dramatical matchup between [One Sword] and the king of Chambord was guaranteed . They were like the mortal enemy of each other, and it seemed like everything was set up by fate .



* * *





Chapter 338




Chapter 338

Chapter 338: Semi-Finals

Since there were only two matches today, they weren’t placed next to each other . Rather, one match was placed in the morning, and the other one was placed in the afternoon .

The match between [One Sword] and Luck Prince Shevchenko was in the morning . Although there wasn’t any suspension, it was a semi-final match after all . It attracted a lot of people; there were at least 60,000 to 70,000 people around the No . 1 Sword-Testing Stage . As everyone was squeezed against each other, the bodily heat kept everyone warm .

Since Angela still hadn’t come back from St . Petersburg, Fei was a little worried . He sent Torres who was the calmest to St . Petersburg to see what was going on, and he wasn’t in the mood to watch the match between [One Sword] and Luck Prince Shevchenko . He decided to stay in the central tent and wait for new information .

Fei didn’t feel like Luck Prince Shevchenko could win, and Matt Razi who was known for his vision and identification abilities also didn’t comment much about Shevchenko . Fei thought about it for a while and realized that there was no way that the Luck Prince Shevchenko could win, and he lost all interest in going to the No . 1 Sword-Testing Stage to watch the battle .

After a series of deep and loud bugle sounded, a blue light flashed in the direction of the No . 1 Sword-Testing Stage, and the crowd started to cheer . It was obvious that the protective magic array was activated, and the match began .

Instead of wasting his time, Fei went to an empty area in Chambord’s campsite and started instructing Inzagi and the [Four Little Dragon] about the assassination skills .

Not too far away, Cech was doing some recovery exercises; he finally woke up after Fei treated him with the instruction sent by [Silver Armored Vicious Sword] . As he moved around to stretch his limbs, he taught Pierce and Drogba about the keys and tips on how to lead soldiers and control teams .

After Cech lost his consciousness, Fei realized that he really lacked talented people in terms of leading soldiers . He only had two; one of them was Cech and the other one was Brook . Robbin who just became apart of Chambord also had a good performance, and Fei counted him as a half talent .

Except for these three people, the rest were all interested in other areas . Lampard was powerful, but he didn’t like military and politics; he was only interested in cultivation . Pierce and Drogba were two strongmen who were good at fighting and had no intelligence; they were good warriors but terrible commanders . When Cech was in a deep sleep, it was pretty chaotic at the campsite; there was even a time when the schedule was all messed up and no one patrolled the campsite for six hours at night . Therefore, right after Cech woke up, Fei ordered Pierce and Drogba to learn the basic from Cech .

Although the two of them didn’t like this kind of stuff, they had to try their best to learn since the king already commanded .

“Eh? The match is still going after 10 minutes?”

Fei subconsciously looked at the direction of No . 1 Sword-Testing Stage and realized that it was still packed . People were cheering and shouting, and it seemed like the scene where [One Sword] defeated Luck Prince Shevchenko in a few seconds didn’t occur .

“Damn! I didn’t expect this Luck Prince Shevchenko to last more than 10 minutes under [One Sword]’s attacks . It must be tough . ” Fei thought . The luck of this prince would need to extraordinarily good to last this long .

After another 10 minutes .

“Eh? Is it still going? What happened?” Fei was shocked to find that the crowd around the No . 1 Sword-Testing Stage didn’t downsize . Actually, it seemed like it was increasing in size as more and more people were rushing towards No . 1 Sword-Testing Stage from all directions .

“Could it be that [One Sword] couldn’t defeat the Luck Prince Shevchenko?”

Fei was really shocked this time . He couldn’t believe that both he and Matt Razi who was the No . 1 Traveling Poet of Zenit misjudged Prince Shevchenko .

After closing his eyes, Fei slowly released his Spiritual Power . He instantly sensed two strong vital energies fighting each other . One of them was like a huge sword that was soaring into the sky, and the other one was firm and dense like a huge mountain .

Fei was very familiar with the “sword”; that was [One Sword] .

However, that firm and dense mountain-like energy was very new to Fei . It was fighting with the “sword” and wasn’t at a disadvantage .

Fei’s face changed color . “Could it be that this energy belongs to Shevchenko?”

Fei called over Robbin and told him to go to No . 1 Sword-Testing Stage with one Divy Crystal and record the whole match . If he wasn’t wrong, [One Sword] might have a tough fight .

Just as Robbin left the campsite, a fancy magic carriage that was dragged by four Roaring Flame Beasts appeared . There was a Chambord’s symbol on it, and this was the magic carriage Fei got for Angela when they were at Hot Spring Gate .

The carriage soon entered the campsite of Chambord .

After seeing this, “Fallen Princess” Victoria quickly rushed out of the maids’ tent to greet her . As long as Angela was here, she won’t be as afraid of Fei who always scolded her with a straight face .

After Spring, Summer, Winter, and Emma opened the curtain on the carriage and got off, they helped Angela whose face was still a bit red to get off the carriage .

“What happened?”

Fei frowned as he walked up . He realized that Angela was still a little drunk as there was a sweet fragrance of wine on her . However, her tipsy appearance was a little seductive .

“Your Majesty . ” The maids quickly greeted Fei . Spring who was wearing a green dress and had her long black hair tied into a ponytail quickly answered, “Your Majesty, Her Highness drank a bit too much last night . On top of that, there were some nobles that came this morning to visit the Elder Princess, and she hosted another small party . Angela Her Highness……”

“Oh . ” Fei frowned and responded . He then waved his hand and continued, “I’m sure that you guys are very tired after taking caring of Angela all night . Please go back and rest…… Emma, you need to rest as well . You have dark circles around your eyes . You look like a panda now . ”

Although she didn’t know what a panda was, Emma was really tired . She wanted to say something, but she was too tired and yawned instead . After that, she stuck out her tongue at Fei and went to rest with the three maids .

Fei embraced the drunk Angela and took her back to the central tent . After he placed her on the soft bed, he covered her with a blanket and wiped her face with a clean wet towel .

He shook his head as he looked at her again . Angela wasn’t an alcoholic and rarely drank . Just by looking at her face, Fei knew that she drank a lot in the last 24 hours . Fei felt a heartache and didn’t know why she would drink this much . However, it was fortunate that she didn’t drink so much that she puked .

Fei used the mini-magic arrays engraved on the metal frame of the tent to adjust the room temperature to a pleasant degree . After he moved the blanket and made sure that it covered Angela’s entire body, a gentle smile appeared on Fei’s face as he stared at her cute sleeping face; love was written all over his face .

Fei just sat by the bed and stared at her . When he subconsciously reached out and fixed her hair, he suddenly saw a red magic box that was partially gold-gilded on the nightstand beside Angela . Fei opened it and saw three oval-shaped egg-like fossils .

Fei remembered that he bought them from an “old scammer” . In fact, he bought a lot of stuff from that old man after he was told that they were all from Mythical Ruins . These three “eggs” were apart of what Fei bought, and he gave them to Angela as presents .

Fei grabbed onto one fossil, and it was quite warm .

Fei smiled and remembered that he told Angela unintendedly that these might be eggs of powerful Demon Beasts and they might be lucky enough to be hatched . Angela probably took that to heart and designed this fire-elemental magic box to try to “incubate” them .

After placing the “egg” back into the box, Fei placed the magic box back onto the nightstand . As Fei was about to leave, Angela who was asleep suddenly reach out her hand and somehow grabbed onto Fei’s hand . “Alexander, eh…… Don’t go~ I don’t want to drink, but…… hug me~” she murmured .

Fei shook his head and got onto the bed . With his clothes on, he embraced the girl and felt very calm .

He had a beauty in his arms and smelled her bodily fragrance, but he had no obscene thoughts in his head . He just felt very comfortable, and all the messy thoughts he had disappeared .

……

Two hours later .

Fei opened his sleepy eyes and subconsciously tried to wrap his arms around Angela . He hugged onto nothing and instantly woke up . He looked to his side and realized that Angela was already up .

“Alexander, you awake?”

As Fei was wondering where Angela was, Angela walked into the tent with a tray that had a bowl of porridge on it .

“How long was I asleep?” Fei asked as he quickly finished the porridge .

“It has been two hours already . You would need to show up for your match in half an hour . ” Angela responded with a smile .

“This long?”

Fei shook his head . For this period, he had been participating in the matches during the day and training in Diablo World at night . He had been only sleeping for three to four hours a night, but the two-hour nap he just had re-energized him .

Every time he spent alone time with Angela, he was able to forget about all the issues and problems and just enjoy the quality time . No one else could give him this feeling, and he felt like the beautiful girl in front of him was a gift from the gods .

As he was about to ask why she was so drunk, Torres suddenly reported outside that Robbin who went to record the match has returned .

“What? [One Sword] actually…… lost?” Fei was shocked after talking to Robbin .



* * *





Chapter 339




Chapter 339

Chapter 339: New Set Items

“Your Majesty, [One Sword] was defeated by Shevchenko . With more than 70,000 people watching, Shevchenko made [One Sword] use up all of his warrior energy . In the end, [One Sword] fainted due to depletion of warrior energy and stamina……”

Robbin told Fei about what happened . When he was telling the story, the expression on his face was really shocking as he also couldn’t believe it .

Fei took over the Divy Crystal he gave Robbin to record . After he injected a bit of energy into it, a five-colored light flashed by . After that, an image was projected onto the white cloth in the tent . Like a movie, the battle between [One Sword] and Shevchenko was replayed .

This was the first time that Fei saw Shevchenko when he was in battle . In fact, it was Fei’s first time looking at Shevchenko seriously .

One set of ordinary chain mail, one old and circular wooden shied, and one huge 2 . 5 meters long black sword that wasn’t sharpened……

Shevchenko was also wearing a Milano helmet that protected his cheeks and nose, and he had a pair of old leather boots that looked shiny due to all the wear .

The kinds of stuff he was using were identical to an ordinary soldier of Zenit…… well, except for that huge black unsharpened sword .

If Fei didn’t know that this was a kingdom ranking match, he would have assumed that [One Sword] encountered a normal soldier on the battlefield .

As he watched more of it, his face gradually turned more serious .

“Fire Strike!”

“Counter Dragon Strike!”

“Horizontal Chop!”

“Reverse Dragon Strike!”

“Shield Strike!”

“Rotate Drag Chop!!”

As the Demon Beast-like roar sounded, that “soldier” started to swing the huge black sword . The sword sometimes moved fast like a black tornado, and Shevchenko sometimes stood still like a mountain . With numerous afterimages in the air, it felt like a fantasy-like dream .

Shevchenko’s sword had a tragic aura to it . Every time he struck at [One Sword], it felt like he wasn’t planning to survive . That was determination! That was domination!

This prince’s techniques also lacked creativity . Every strike he used made Fei feel like that was a textbook example . Without hidden changes nor traps, Shevchenko wouldn’t use a new strike unless the previous strike was fully performed . In this battle, Shevchenko was really like a normal person who didn’t understand change .

However, what was surprising about him was that frenzy lights appearing in his eyes . As if his eyes were two burning fires, he forgot what was happening around him and only focused on using his sword . He didn’t hold back in any strike he performed .

Shevchenko was a mid-tier Six-Star Warrior .

However, every strike he performed was on the level of top-tier Six-Star .

All of the techniques he used were common techniques that were known by all . When new soldiers were recruited into the ten main battle legions of Zenit, they would be taught these techniques; there was nothing special about them .

However, these common techniques that even the kids of Zenit knew how to use became super powerful in Shevchenko’s hands . His movements were textbook-leveled, and no one had ever practiced these common techniques that earnestly .

It was actually hard to imagine that people in this world would focus on the common knowledge that much .

In fact, the same technique that was used twice by Shevchenko looked exactly the same . If Shevchenko wasn’t shouting loudly and had some emotion on his face, Fei would have thought that this prince was a robot in a human skin and was programmed to perform the predetermined techniques .

[One Sword]’s sword was powerful, and every single Sword Energy from him looked like it was going to last the eternity and was able to take away his opponent’s life . He was indeed the king of swords! However, although all of his Sword Energies were able to leave marks on Shevchenko, they weren’t able to kill him .

Like a soldier who had been to numerous battles, the effectiveness of the sword and the shield were completely demonstrated in the hands of Shevchenko . The normal-looking yellow wooden shield in his hand was able to block [One Sword]’s unparalleled Sword Energies just in time .

Near the end of the match, Shevchenko was covered in wounds and blood . However, it felt like he was an angry Demon Beast in a human skin as long as he had his sword and shield; it felt like he had unlimited stamina and strength . Even though he was heavily injured near the end, his techniques were still performed perfectly to the tee .

This was why Shevchenko won .

After four hours of continued and persistent suicidal and repeated strikes from Shevchenko, Fei clearly saw some anxiousness and impatience in [One Sword]’s eye .

Fei also felt like [One Sword] was bothered by something from the beginning; it felt like [One Sword] couldn’t unleash the full power of his Sword Energies as if he was distracted from this match .

Fei stopped inject energy into the Divy Crystal at this moment, and the images on the white cloth disappeared .

Without having to continue to watch the full match, Fei already had a good grasp of Shevchenko’s strength and characteristics . From looking at the performance of Shevchenko, Fei knew that [One Sword]’s loss wasn’t too tough to take . Shevchenko was clearly a powerful participant; he was a super warrior who hid his strength, and he had his own distinct style .

It was probably Shevchenko’s strange battle style that caused both Fei and Matt Razi to misjudge him .

Shevchenko was the biggest dark horse of the competition!

Of course, Fei also knew that [One Sword] was stronger than Shevchenko in terms of pure strength . But for some reason, [One Sword]’s performance wasn’t stable and wasn’t in the zone . He didn’t use his most powerful strikes, and that was why he lost to Shevchenko .

……

The second match in the afternoon was simple .

[Goddess of Archery] Elena didn’t show her bow . In fact, she didn’t even show up and was automatically disqualified . The king of Chambord moved onto the final .

If this happened to any other participants, all the audience would reject this outcome and ask the officials to look into it . The judges themselves would also investigate to see if cheating was going on .

Since everyone knew that the king of Chambord and [Goddess of Archery] was from the same kingdom and the latter was a subordinate of the former, everything made sense . On the Azeroth Continent, the subordinate couldn’t raise his or her weapon against his or her master . In addition, the power the king of Chambord showed in the match between him and Princess Cindy was far beyond the level of Elena . Even if the match took place, her chance of winning was too low .

The king of Chambord’s strength made others feel devastated .

[One Sword] who people thought could potentially rival against the king of Chambord was unexpectedly taken out by Shevchenko . From the look of it, the king of Chambord was the champion . Unless… . . Unless the Luck Prince Shevchenko could surprise everyone again . However, that chance was too low .

[Sky Covering Fist] VS Super Dark Horse Shevchenko .

This was the final of the kingdom ranking matches .

The final was going to take place on No . 1 Sword-Testing Stage three days alter .

Shevchenko was severely injured by [One Sword] . It was heard that after [One Sword] fainted on the stage, Shevchenko also fainted after he let go of his huge sword . Shevchenko needed the two days to recover .

But can he fully recover in two days? No one knew .

After all, the war at the south of Zenit was urgent, and the battle between the two Martial Saints was happening soon . Therefore, getting a champion to become the commander of the new legion was more important . Since the situation around Zenit was chaotic, no one knew if more issues were going to come up . Time was the most valuable asset!

From this perspective, Fei actually got the advantage . After all, the king didn’t do anything in the semi-final .

……

The two days flew by .

In these two days, Fei finished all the quests on the Third Map [Kurast Docks] . In Fei’s memory, the last quest [The Guardian] where he had to defeat the boss [Mephisto] was very difficult; this [Mephisto] who was powerful enough had a few strong subordinates!

If Fei was only as powerful as a normal character, it might take a while to complete . However, his strength was now so strong that he tilted the balance of the “game” . Except for [Mephisto] who took a bit longer, Fei and Elena easily conquered the quest .

After [Mephisto] was killed, Fei got the helmet component of [Natalya’s Odium], [Natalya’s Totem] .

[Natalya’s Odium] had four components that were all level 7 green Set Items for assassins . The set was powerful and was one of the few Elite Set Items in Diablo World . [Natalya’s Totem] was a great reward, but Fei wasn’t sure when he would be able to collect the other three components which were boots, mail, and scissors .



* * *





Chapter 340




Chapter 340

Chapter 340: Calm Swirl

After completing all the quests in [Kurast Docks], Fei’s Barbarian Character was already level 78 .

The only thing that disappointed Fei was that he didn’t get any special rewards . It seemed like he could only get special rewards after all other six of his characters passed through the map . After all, he only got his three miraculous skills after all seven of his characters completed [Rogue Encampment] .

In order to become a Moon-Class Elite sooner, Fei didn’t go back to other characters . Instead, he entered the Fourth Map [The Pandemonium Fortress] as a Barbarian .

It was heard that Archangel Tyrael opened up a gate that allowed the heroes to travel to the final defense line that the heaven had against the hell – [The Pandemonium Fortress]

[The Pandemonium Fortress] was located in the mountains in front of the Gate of Hell, and the terrain was really rocky .

There was only one curly path down from [The Pandemonium Fortress], and it was less than one meter wide and contained thousands of stairsteps . It felt like it was hard to siege at that place .

On the other end of the path, there was a wide flatland called [Outer Steppes] . After that, one narrow path led to [Plains of Despair] . And finally, one narrow path led to [City of the Damned] .

It was obvious that [The Pandemonium Fortress] separated then heaven from the hell because of its strategic location .

[The Pandemonium Fortress] was covered by clouds all day, and no sunshine could be ever seen . When Fei walked on the thousands of steps that lead to [The Pandemonium Fortress], he saw a lot of light pink fog . It was heard that these were the blood that was evaporated from the deceased people .

The three most famous small maps in [The Pandemonium Fortress] were [Outer Steppes, [Plains of Despair], and [City of the Damned] .

There were a ton of powerful demons here .

There were thousands of Bright Knights who fought for the freedom of humans here, and there were numerous honorable Holy Knights who fought against evil here . Most of these knights all died in the long war, and their blood dyed the land into the color red .

It was sad to see that these knights who died for the honor were used by evil . Their corpses were stained by the power of hell, and they all became monsters and devils . With the blades in their hands, they all became a part of evil; it was sad to see since they were proud of their evil-killing blades before they died .

This was the set up for [The Pandemonium Fortress] .

The first thing Fei did when he entered [The Pandemonium Fortress] was to talk to the NPCs . He wanted to see if they had intelligence, and the result didn’t surprise him – these guys were all like simple computer programs that ran rigidly . Except for preset dialogues, they couldn’t move and interact with Fei like the NPCs at [Rogue Encampment] in Barbarian Mode .

In the golden palace in [The Pandemonium Fortress], Fei found Archangel Tyrael who he had met before . This powerful angel was wearing a set of powerful golden armor, he had a big pair of wings, and he also had numerous white tentacles . Even though he was only a dull NPC, the powerful aura around him couldn’t be overlooked . In fact, this golden palace was filled with his distinct pressure .

Fei had to admit that Archangel Tyrael was the most powerful NPC he had ever met .

From this “tentacle angel”, Fei received his first quest in [The Pandemonium Fortress] – [The Fallen Angel] . He needed to kill a fallen angel named Izual and end his pain .

This quest wasn’t difficult .

Right before the final match of the competition took place, Fei finally killed Izual and completed the first quest of [The Pandemonium Fortress] .

Now, Fei’s Barbarian Character was level 79 .

……

As time passed by, everyone in the Capital and the camp area got more and more excited .

In the next three days, two insane battles would take place . One was between the king of Chambord and black horse Shevchenko, and the other one was between Martial Saint of Zenit, Krasic, and Martial Saint of Spartax, Lkunta .

The kingdom ranking match was the battle between the younger generation and represented the future of Zenit Empire, and the other battle was the battle between the older generation and represented the fate of the two empires . Didn’t matter if it was the level of strength or the meaningfulness, both battles were top-tier . That was why everyone was excited .

Since the battle between the king of Chambord and Shevchenko was taking place tomorrow, numerous eyes were monitoring both parties . In addition, all kinds of rumors were passed around .

Some people said that Shevchenko was severely injured by [One Sword] and still hadn’t recovered; they suspected that Shevchenko would surrender .

Some people said that in order to have a fair match, the king of Chambord gifted a powerful potion to Shevchenko to help him heal .

Some people said that the rumored potion was actually a poison and Shevchenko was dying……

All these rumors only changed the reward-ratios at all the gambling houses in St . Petersburg . People who sought after profits were everywhere, and it was heard that all kinds of reward-ratios were created for the final match of the competition and the battle between the Martial Saints .

It was also heard that even some nobles and big forces participated in these gambles, and some even said that these gambling houses were set up for these nobles . In fact, it was known that the Elder Princess bet a lot of money on both the king of Chambord and the Martial Saint of Zenit . The Second Prince Dominguez only bet one gold coin on Fei, but he didn’t bet anything on the Martial Saint Battle .

What was the most surprising was that both the Fourth Prince Chrystal and the princess of Beag Family Beyonce bet a lot of money on Shevchenko instead .

Since most people believed that the king of Chambord would win the kingdom ranking match, people who bet on him winning would only be rewarded minimally; the king of Chambord’s strength spoke for itself .

The Martial Saint Battle was even more one-sided; even the most risk-taking and greedy gamblers bet on Martial Saint Krasic . Although people couldn’t tell which Martial Saint was more powerful, the citizens of Zenit chose to believe that the Martial Saint of Zenit would win .

When their home empire was at risk of collapsing, the citizens showed the rare courage and unity .

……

It was the evening .

Inside Chambord’s campsite .

Fei was still instructing Inzagi and the [Four Little Dragons] .

This was Fei’s life for the last two days . During the day, he would instruct his disciples and practice with his subordinates . Also, he didn’t forget to help Robbin’s father, old Aryang, to heal up . After a few days of healing and a minimal amount of [Hulk Potion], old Aryang’s leg muscles grew stronger . Now, he was able to slowly walk around with a cane .

In the past two days, Fei also didn’t walk out of Chambord’s campsite . Except for resting at night, he was always within other people’s sights . To outsiders, they felt like the king of Chambord was really confident in himself and didn’t need to worry about the final match .

However, Fei would always get two letters with almost identical information on them .

One was from Paris, and her letter would talk about the activities of the spies from the Holy Church .

Fei had to admit that the Holy Church was a powerful machine . Once it was activated, its efficiency was insane . In these two days, anyone who talked to Fei before was secretly investigated . Even the [Golden Sun Knight] Chris-Sutton who had battled with Fei was summoned by the Bishop of Zenit Regional Church .

If Chris-Sutton didn’t love Paris, he wouldn’t have told her everything about his meeting with the Bishop . But since he did, Paris got to know that the Bishop wanted to know all the details of Chris Sutton’s battle with Fei .

“Alexander, you have to be careful . The Holy Church seemed to have targeted you for some reason . I hope you won’t get involved in the hidden battle between the empire and the Holy Church . Even if a Moon-Class Elite got involved, he or she would be crushed into pieces if they did the wrong thing . Remember!”

Paris reminded him in the latest letter .

From the letter, Fei sensed that the relationship between the empire and the Holy Church wasn’t good . In fact, it seemed like there was some friction . That was why Paris thought Fei was spied by the Holy Church because of his involvement in the hidden battle .

“No wonder the Holy Church’s force is acting very low-key these days . As if they disappeared, the Bishop Sergiyeli didn’t even participate in the opening ceremony of the competition . So there is a crack in their relationship, huh?” Fei thought .

It seemed like the situation Zenit was in was even more dangerous than he thought .

Under the calm surface, undercurrents were surging .

The other letter was from that tall figure who would always appear out of the teleport portal . This master warrior was the person who Fei sent to protect old Zolasc and little Modric at the [Letter Office], which was the hidden intelligence agency of Chambord .

This master warrior was actually an NPC at [Rogue Encampment], and that was why he was able to use the teleport portal to travel back and forth .



* * *





Chapter 341




Chapter 341

Chapter 341: Shevchenko’s Secret

In the letter that Fei received from the [Letter Office], it mentioned that the Holy Church was doing an investigation on him, and it wasn’t as detailed as Paris’ letter . After all, the [Letter Office] was only established not too long ago, and it couldn’t compete with the intelligence network that Paris had . However, except for the moves of the Holy Church, the letter also mentioned the news about other forces at Zenit . It seemed like these two Chambordians had a grasp of both forces on the surface and in the dark in the Capital .

Fei had to admit that both old Zolasc and little Modric were talented information gatherer . Like a seed that just started growing, the [Letter Office] had unlimited potential . Fei was confident in these two people, and he wasn’t keen on doing the harvest soon . One day, the [Letter Office] would become an intelligence agency that was on the level of [Heavenly Search] and [Earthly Inquiry]; both these organizations were top-tier intelligence agencies who had networks across the continent .

Fei’s calm and relaxed appearance was his smoke-screen for the secret spies of the Holy Church who were monitoring him in the dark .

After all, Fei was only a potential suspect in the Undead Mage case . Once the Holy Church couldn’t gather proper evidence for a while, they would pull back the spying .

… . .

The second day .

No . 1 Sword-Testing Stage .

The final match was about to begin .

Tens of thousands of people circled the stage . Except for the resting areas of the two kingdoms and the VIP area, everywhere else was packed with people . The crowd was so tight that it was hard to stuff a needle through .

In case that their sights were blocked by taller people, some people brought their own chairs to stand on . However, the greedier ones who brought their own ladders got beaten by others who got blocked by them .

In the four-hour time window from the dawn to now, there were numerous cases there fights broke out for better viewing spots . In the extreme cases, even some poor soldiers of the Imperial Patrol got hit and got injured .

All of this showed how popular the final match was .

Instead of the usual 10 royal mages, there were 20 royal mages around the stage today . Except for one mage who was older and had white hairs and white beards, all other 19 royal mages were younger . With red mage robes that were partially gold-gilded on, they stood 20 meters apart and looked very curious . They also couldn’t wait for the match to begin .

Influential people and heads of big forces like Dominguez, Tanasha, Paris, and Chrystal all appeared in the VIP area .

Despite the fact that Tanasha and Paris were trying to kill each other on the Peak of East Mountain in Chambord, they looked very intimate in public . They sat very close to each other and smiled at each other . The two beautiful women instantly attracted a lot of men’s attention, but only a few could see the “sparks” between them .

At Chambord’s resting area, warriors like Lampard all appeared . More than a dozen of them circled around the beautiful future queen Angela to protect her, and this also attracted a lot of attention .

Fei and Shevchenko stood across from each other on the stage .

Although the judge announced the beginning of the match, no one moved . Compared with the loud cheering and excitement in the audience, the atmosphere on the stage was relatively calm .

“I have to first thank you for your potion . Otherwise, I might not even be able to stand up, let alone coming here to compete . ” With his huge black sword stabbed into the slit between rock tiles, Shevchenko said with the wooden shield on his back; his strong body and firm smile gave Fei a good impression of him .

“I just want to know how strong the person who defeated [One Sword] is . ” Fei smiled .

Fei knew that the potion he sent to Shevchenko was effective, but most of the healing was done by the doctors and mages who were by Shevchenko’s side .

The only question Fei had was that Shevchenko didn’t look as frenzied as he did in the Divy Crystal . Both his aura and looks felt very different from the person Robbin recorded .

“Why is there such a difference? Could it be that he still hasn’t fully recovered?”

As Fei was wondering, Shevchenko bowed at him politely . This prince then took off the yellow wooden shield and grabbed to the huge black sword with an under-grip .

Whoosh!

Something changed .

An invisible aura appeared, and it felt like invisible flames were burning .

Fei frowned . He sensed an undescribed change as soon as Shevchenko held onto the sword .

It felt like the person in front of him changed .

“Fire Strike!”

The change from the humble to the frenzied only took a second . After that, a loud angry roar that could break the eardrums of people sounded . Red flames suddenly appeared on the black sword as it chopped down at Fei like a meteor .

Tink!

Fei instantly summoned his metal gloves that had back hooks on them and smashed onto the blade of the sword .

The two forces collided with each other, and a loud booming noise sounded with the appearance of bright sparks . The faces of the 20 royal mages around the stage paled as they quickly cast Deafen Spells on themselves . The audience members who sat very close to the stage weren’t lucky as blood floated out of their ears .

Fei sensed a numbness in his arm as a fire energy dashed into his arm through the metal gloves, and the repulsive force made him take a step back .

Shevchenko, on the other hand, backed off five steps . He propped his black sword behind his back to help him alleviate some of the force, and that created a series of sparks before he was finally able to stabilize his body .

“Huge force! This prince is gifted with this huge physical strength by the gods!” Fei understood it .

It seemed like Shevchenko changed into another person when the shield and the sword got into his hands . The dominating, suicidal, and tragic aura that was recorded in the Divy Crystal finally came back to him .

“Rotate Drag Chop!!”

As Shevchenko shouted, the huge black sword turned into a tornado . With the help of the momentum of the sword, he dashed into the air . As a cloud of grey energy surrounded him, his blade struck at Fei like a storm .

Tink! Tink! Tink!

A series of loud booming noise sounded . The huge impact energy waves rippled in the air, and the sparks were like the fireworks at the night .

In this brief moment, the fist and the sword had at least collided 100 times .

Afterward, Fei and Shevchenko separated themselves .

Fei backed off three steps .

Shevchenko backed off eight steps .

Although Shevchenko breathed heavily and looked a little unstable, the powerful aura around him got stronger and stronger . Like a crazy beast, he instantly jumped back at Fei at an even faster speed as soon as he stabilized his body .

“Horizontal Chop!”

With craze, the black sword chopped horizontally down and drew a single line in the air . Although it was simple, it contained a lot of energy; it felt like it was going to chop the earth in half .

“Hahaha, good!”

Fei hadn’t had an opponent that could take him straight on using pure physical strength . Although he didn’t need to unleash all of his power, this upfront, direct, aggressive battle made him feel very energetic . Without dodging, he moved up and directly struck at the blade of the sword using both of his fists .

In the last few days, Fei’s strength had been increasing rapidly and steadily . After killing a lot of monsters last night, his Barbarian Character was now level 80; it was equivalent to mid-tier Nine-Star already . Since he was far stronger than Shevchenko, he had no trouble taking on the strike; only his palms felt a little numb afterward .

“Open!!!!!!!!”

Shevchenko who was in a frenzied state continued to shout . His eyes were all red, and the veins on his hand that was holding the sword had bulged up like the roots of a tree; it was clear that he was using all of his strength .

However, he couldn’t pull back the sword that was in between Fei’s fists .

Fei lightly shook his head .

After he battled with Shevchenko, he felt like [One Sword]’s defeat had more to it . Although Shevchenko was able to threaten that sword genius with his strength, it was almost impossible for him to defeat [One Sword] . Too bad that [One Sword] greatly underperformed in the semi-final and got slowly tilted by Shevchenko .

Why did [One Sword] underperform? That was a mystery!

Right now, Fei discovered another secret about Shevchenko .

When Shevchenko got into battle, he would enter a frenzied state; it was similar to the multiple personality theory in Fei’s previous life – a person would instantly take on another personality when he or she encountered some people or some things .

As for Shevchenko, he was a bright and likable guy under normal circumstances, but he would enter the frenzied state when he grabbed onto the wooden shield and the black sword .

In this state, Shevchenko would be as consistent as a robot, and he would get stronger as the battle got longer .

Tink!

Fei shook his fists, and his Nine-Star strength was quickly unleashed then restrained .

Buzz! Buzz!

Under this insane amount of force, the black sword flew out of Shevchenko’s hand as if it was hit by lightning, and the thick body of the sword buzzed as it vibrated rapidly in the air .

When it fell back down and smashed onto the stage, the entire stage shook violently as if a mountain fell on it .

All the people in the audience gasped in surprise .

What happened next proved Fei’s theory . Without the black sword in his hand, the terrifying red flames in Shevchenko’s eyes disappeared, and his expression turned from frenzied to confused to bright . The bright and likable guy returned!



* * *





Chapter 342




Chapter 342

Chapter 342: Admired by All

“I lost . ” Shevchenko obviously knew about his second personality . After he looked at the black sword that was 20 meters away, he admitted his defeat, “Your Majesty is the No . 1 Master Warrior among all affiliated kingdoms!”

After Shevchenko walked to his sword, he tapped it with his left foot and then kicked it so it went back to the scabbard on his back . Before the judge who hid far away could announce the result, the entire audience and the entire camp area started to cheer . For a moment, it felt like there was a sound-wave tsunami; everyone was cheering as they witnessed how the new king of warriors was created .

In the resting area of Chambord, all the warriors such as Pierce, Drogba, and Robbin jumped into the air and shouted all kinds of things .

Angela was also very excited; her face was all red, and there were tears in her crystal-like eyes .

There was a lot going on in this beautiful girl’s mind . Half a year ago, she was still trying to protect Alexander from the bullying, and she was worried about the unpredictable yet tragic-looking future . Now, that timid and dumb Alexander was standing on the stage as the champion of the kingdom ranking matches as he received the cheers from everyone . This drastic change in fate made this pure and bright girl wanting to cry .

Lampard who was standing beside Angela also had a smile on his usually solemn face .

Looking at the bright sun that was still climbing in the sky, he tried to suppress the excitement in his heart . His old friend, the old Alexander, appeared in his head, and his wish that was sealed in his mind forever also seemed attainable at this moment . Like a seed that was depleted of water received a rainfall, it started growing slowly .

People in the VIP area also stood up . Tanasha and Paris stood side by side and started clapping subconsciously . Second Prince Dominguez who still had that little dog named Oka in his arms smiled brightly . Other master warriors like Princess Cindy from the Bulan Kingdom and [Wind Fire Dual Warriors] from the Gudong Kingdom also clapped and cheered; although some of them didn’t like the king of Chambord, they had to respect this young king who was going to be the commander of the new battle legion .

However, the Fourth Prince Chrystal looked gloomy, and Beyonce from the Beag Family beside him had different emotions in her eyes; no one knew what she was thinking about .

The “water-curtain” fell down after running-water sounds resonated in the area, and Fei’s figure could be seen more clearly .

A luxurious caravan separated the crowd as the soldiers of Zenit guarded it . The leading golden magic carriage that had a Dragon Beast Throne on it didn’t have a roof; it was for Fei, and it allowed the people on the sides of the street to be able to see and admire the No . 1 Master Warrior among all affiliated kingdoms .

People like the Elder Princess Tanasha and the Second Prince Dominguez all went onto the stage as they were about to give rewards to all the master warriors that got placed in the competition .

Fei, on the other hand, sat on the Dragon Beast Throne . The caravan circled around the camp area first before going on a parade in the Capital .

Although this was only a parade, it was a great honor as almost everyone at St . Petersburg would know who the champion of the competition was .

With the protection from the Imperial Patrol and the imperial soldiers, Fei’s carriage slowly moved forward . Behind him, there were tens of thousands of citizens of Chambord following him .

The carriage entered the Capital through the south gate, and people filled the sides of the street . Many young women threw flower petals into the air and added fragrance to the cold winter breeze, and young men threw olive branches on the road in front of the caravans . Except for the sides of the street, even buildings beside the street were filled with people and children who wanted to see the No . 1 Master Warrior all climbed onto trees and statues .

Loud shouts and cheers sounded by Fei’s ear, and he felt a little dizzy as numerous sound waves rushed into his ear; his powerful strength couldn’t help him in this case .

The caravan arrived at the square in front of the Royal Palace, and Fei received the Golden Armor that was gifted by Emperor Yassin who was still ill . Under the bronze statue of the God of War that was more than 100 meters tall, Fei took the fancy and magical Golden Armor from the beautiful royal maids and put it on . After he bowed and thanked Emperor Yassin for the gift, he went back to the carriage and went on the return trip .

Although previous champions of this competition also got the parade, they never got the Golden Armor as a reward; this was something that Emperor Yassin added to the list of rewards a month ago . Emperor Yassin was planning to gift this armor to the champion of the competition himself, but it was heard that his illness worsened ten days ago and he couldn’t move freely anymore . That was why the royal maids gave the armor to Fei instead .

With the Golden Armor that was made by royal alchemists and royal mages on his body and the red-flame like cape on his back, Fei felt like he was the center of the world as he sat on the Dragon Beast Throne and listened to the cheers of tens of thousands of people when his carriage passed through numerous flower petals and olive branches .

Fei felt like he was the biggest winner in life .

However, he didn’t get lost in this great honor . As his carriage passed through various buildings, he sensed numerous powerful auras .

Each powerful master had their own colorful flame-like auras; these auras were in different sizes, and only other powerful warriors or mages could sense them using their sharp seventh-sense; normal people couldn’t sense those auras at all .

Fei who was in Barbarian Mode was very sensitive to these auras . He realized that there were six auras that represented the warriors with strength between Six-Star and Seven-Star in the 11 huge and tall black towers in the west direction . A few of the auras were familiar; they were the auras of the Executive Knights . It was obvious that those black towers were in the Imperial Knight Palace .

Except for the Imperial Knight Palace, there were also hundreds of magic towers of different shapes and sizes that contained mages who were between Five-Star and Six-Star . In addition, places like Soros’ Merchant Group and family headquarters of Noble Families all had powerful masters in them .

Of course, there were also places where all senses were blocked by mysterious arrays .

The first place that was blocked off was the Royal Palace . Fei’s spiritual power couldn’t enter the Royal Palace at all, and it felt like there was a thin layer of an invisible sphere that Fei’s spiritual power would bounce off from . Except for the Royal Palace, the four tallest magic towers and the tallest black tower in the Imperial Knight Palace were all blocked off as well .

After Fei’s carriage entered the residential area, Fei’s expression changed .

“Huh? There are isolation arrays here as well?” He realized that there was a powerful isolation array in a small ordinary property that blocked his spiritual power as well .

This area wasn’t restricted . Even if there were soldiers patrolling the streets, Fei’s spiritual power should be still able to sense what was happening .

Fei looked in the direction of that building, and he saw a few arrogant-looking young men walking out of it . These men were a lot thinner compared to the citizens of Zenit, and they were wearing fancy dark blue robes . In addition, their hairs were all tied behind their heads with bronze triangular hair rings .

Fei knew that these people weren’t from Zenit just by looking at how they dressed .

Fei thought back to the Martial Saint Battle and knew what was going on .

These people must be the warriors of Spartax who came here to protect the Martial Saint of Spartax, Lkunta .

This property was where Lkunta lived, and he was probably a Moon-Class Elite . His strength was far superior to Fei, and there were probably only a few masters in Zenit who could rival him . With such huge difference in strength, it was normal that Fei couldn’t detect anything inside the building .

Fei didn’t really hate these people from the Spartax Empire like a normal citizen of Zenit . As a “space-traveler”, although he got used to the identity as the king of Chambord and accepted the people of Chambord as his loyal subjects, he didn’t drown himself in the history of Zenit . Therefore, he only looked at enemies of Zenit with curiosity .

However, the young men who walked out of the building looked at Fei’s direction with hostility .

The leading young man suddenly thought of something funny and said something to his peers, and they all laughed as they pointed at Fei’s direction . Then, that leading young man suddenly raised his hand .

Whoosh!

An air-piercing whiz sounded, but it quickly got enveloped in the cheering of tens of thousands of people .



* * *





Chapter 343




Chapter 343

Chapter 343: Biggest Winner

We posted this yesterday, but we decided to add this here in the chapter so all the readers can see it .

“You may have also notice that we added a few more ads to help us out as we have increased our regular release from 3 to 5 chaps/week, and are working hard towards providing 7/week .

If you ever feel that there are a bit too much of them, don’t hesitate to let us know! We really hope to find that sweet spot where we can generate enough money to sponsor more chaps, but we also don’t want to be too much in the way of your reading experience . ”

Enjoy the main story!

——————–

“Eh?”

Fei sensed something as a smile appeared on his face; he suddenly flicked his index finger .

Pia!

After a light sound, a tiny cloud of dust appeared in the air .

This small noise was nothing compared to the cheers from the surroundings, and no one in the crowd saw what happened .

However, the warriors of Spartax who were standing in front of their building were shocked . The leading young man was in so much pain that sweats appeared on his forehead . There was now a hole in his shoulder that was about the width of a thumb, and blood was flowing out of it like a fountain . Behind him, there was also a hole in the stone wall that was the same size as the hole in that young man’s shoulder .

“Eh…… Brother . How are you feeling?” All the warriors around the leading young man asked quickly .

Out of everyone there, only they knew what happened .

This warrior named Barton wanted to tease this so-called No . 1 Master Warrior among all affiliated kingdoms, and he wanted the citizens of Zenit to know that the man they were cheering for was a weak-ass .

Therefore, Barton quickly shot out a little piece of rock at Fei, and that was his way of throwing dirt on Zenit .

However, they didn’t know that this No . 1 Master Warrior among all affiliated kingdoms was far beyond their level . Fei didn’t just notice this sneak attack; he also used an unimaginable technique to send the rock back .

The rock that was sent back was even more powerful the magic arrows that were shot out of Siege Crossbows . Barton who was the strongest among these warriors got his shoulder pierced by this rock, and the residual force in the rock also pierced through the wall behind him .

Terrifying strength!

Barton was a top-tier Six-Star Warrior, but he couldn’t do anything against this rock . It was fortunate that Fei didn’t want to kill anyone . Otherwise, these warriors of Spartax would have all become cold corpses by now .

“Quick! Quick! Let’s head back!” The warriors of Spartax quickly helped their Brother Barton to get back into the building .

They weren’t afraid of death . They were the most talented young men in the Spartax Empire, and they were all disciples of Martial Saint Lkunta . They believed in the real power and were willing to die for their empire on the battlefield . But in front of such a powerful warrior, they would be killed like ants; there wasn’t anything in return if they challenged that man .

“This man is too terrifying!”

Barton looked at the magic carriage before he walked into the building, and he saw that man in the Golden Armor smiling at him in a joking manner . At that moment, he no longer sensed the pain; instead, he was so terrified that his clothes were wet by his cold sweats .

……

To Fei, what happened was like child’s play .

A sneak attack from a Six-Star Warrior was nothing to him, and he returned the attack without even using his Nine-Star strength .

If he wasn’t afraid of offending Martial Saint Lkunta and making a bigger mess for Zenit who was already experiencing massive undercurrents despite the calm surface, he would have instantly killed those warriors of Spartax who were ill-intended .

However, it was heard that the Martial Saint of Spartax was over-protective, and Fei didn’t want to get involved in the battle between the two Martial Saints . After all, Fei knew his place and understood that he wasn’t on the level where he could take on a Martial Saint with ease .

After about half an hour, the magic carriage returned to the No . 1 Sword-Testing Stage .

There were more people in the crowd now compared to the beginning of the day; they were all here waiting for the reward ceremony .

The ceremony finally began .

It was long and complicated . Although the priests from the Holy Church didn’t show up and participate, all the processes and procedures where everyone first worshipped the gods happened under the watch of the Second Prince Dominguez and the royal mages . All kings of the 244 affiliated kingdoms were invited to participate .

That process took an hour .

Afterward, it was finally the event that everyone was waiting for – reward distribution! Due to the outbreak of the war, the rewards this year were better than previous years .

This process was also long .

Chambord was the biggest black horse and the real winner without question .

The king of Chambord dominated over all other masters and became the champion of the individual competition, and Chambord soldiers also easily won against the soldiers of other affiliated kingdoms in the team competition . According to the reward schedule that was set up beforehand, Chambord was now a level 1 affiliated kingdom! A big jump from level 6! The king of Chambord also became a level 2 noble of Zenit! A big jump for an unranked little noble!

After Chambord became a level 1 affiliated kingdom, its territories and population size skyrocketed as well .

The six affiliated kingdoms around Chambord such as the Blackstone Kingdom and the Chishui Kingdom got their noble statuses stripped away due to their poor performances, and their territories and citizens all became Chambord’s . On top of that, Zenit also rewarded Chambord with a lot of training scrolls, magic scrolls, treasures, and weapons .

You could say that the Blackstone Kingdom and the Chishui Kingdom got what they deserved . If they didn’t try to cut Chambord off and their powerful warriors didn’t get killed instead, their performances in the competition won’t be that bad .

Other than that, one level 1 affiliated kingdom got demoted to a level 2 affiliated kingdom, four level 2 affiliated kingdoms got demoted to level 3 affiliated kingdoms, seven level 3 affiliated kingdoms got demoted to level 4 affiliated kingdoms, 11 level 4 affiliated kingdoms got demoted to level 5 affiliated kingdoms, and 25 level 6 affiliated kingdoms got their titles stripped away from them and became regular family forces .

Of course, there were promotions as well .

The empty spots for higher-level kingdoms were filled with kingdoms that performed unexpectedly well in the competition . Chambord was the key example, and other kingdoms such as the Bulan Kingdom, the Gudong Kingdom, and the Polo Kingdom were all promoted .

The empty spots for level 6 affiliated kingdoms were filled with small noble families and warrior families who had a lot of military merits . They became the new kings of these level 6 affiliated kingdoms, and they would become significant influencers after they accumulated enough territories and power .

These big adjustments weren’t the final event .

Next, all the elite warriors and soldiers of the affiliated kingdoms would need to participate in the war against the Spartax Kingdom; the war was where the real showdown was at . According to the order of Emperor Yassin, the affiliated kingdoms that accumulated enough military merits could get promoted again .

After the kingdoms were rewarded, it was time to reward the masters in the individual competition .

Masters who were placed in between No . 20 to No . 50 all became level 6 nobles of Zenit, and they got the roles of Team Commanders . They could serve in any one of the ten battle legions, or they could decide to work for the new legion that was going to comprised of soldiers and warriors from only the affiliated kingdoms .

Masters who were placed in between No . 19 to No . 11 all became level 5 nobles of Zenit, and they got the roles of Battalion Commanders .

Masters who were placed in between No . 10 to No . 4 all became level 4 nobles of Zenit, and they got the roles of Brigade Commanders .

Since [One Sword] wasn’t interested in the match that would determine the third and fourth seat, he didn’t even show up to the battle against Elena . Therefore, Elena and Luck Prince Shevchenko both were the Deputy Legion Commanders and became level 3 nobles of Zenit .

Fei, as the No . 1 Master Warrior among all affiliated kingdoms, was the Legion Commander and a level 2 noble .

The structure of the military at Zenit was relatively simple . Each legion had five brigades, each brigade had four battalions, each battalion had five teams, and each team had 100 soldiers .

After heated discussions among the officials at the Military Headquarter of Zenit, it was determined that the new legion would be named [Wolf Teeth Legion], Fei would be the Legion Commander, and all of the supplies would be given by the Military Headquarter of Zenit .

As the commander, Fei could choose elites forces of any affiliated kingdom to complete the construction of [Wolf Teeth Legion], and Fei could pick any of the top 50 masters in the competition to fill the smaller positions in the legion .

It could be said that Fei was solely in charge of completing the construction .

After Dominguez announced all the rewards, almost everyone couldn’t believe their ears, including Fei .

Although Zenit did say that a new legion would be constructed, no one expected such a top-tier treatment . It felt like this new legion was constructed for the king of Chambord! After [Wolf Teeth Legion] was constructed, the king of Chambord would have 100% control!

“What are the officials thinking?”

No one understood what was going on . Everyone looked at Fei, but they felt a little numb . The rising speed of this new star was way too fast! After gaining control of the new legion, the king of Chambord would be one of the most powerful men in Zenit! With a legion filled with the most powerful masters among all affiliated kingdom, even the old and stacked forces of Zenit couldn’t rival against the king of Chambord!

“Isn’t the empire worried about how no one could stop the king of Chambord in the future?”

“Or perhaps that Emperor Yassin who is really ill didn’t realize that his order might create a huge tumor for Zenit in the future?”



* * *





Chapter 344




Chapter 344

Chapter 344: Elder’s Gamble

However, what Dominguez announced next made everything feel more real .

“Right after the war is over, [Wolf Teeth Legion] would be dismissed . All of the elite forces would return to their home kingdom and don’t need to maintain the subordinate relationship with the king of Chambord . Also, the king of Chambord would only take on the position as the Legion Commander and can’t gain real military power . ”

“In 15 days, [Wolf Teeth Legion] would move towards the southern battlefront . ” Dominguez stood on the stage and finished announcing the order from Emperor Yassin .

The next three to four hours were long and boring .

The rewarded masters and representatives of the rewarded kingdoms went up to receive the treasures, magic gems, weapons, etc . Of course, the losers also had to hand over some stuff .

Fei liked treasures, but he hated waiting in line to receive them; he felt like he was back in his previous life and was waiting for an ATM at a bank . However, he was the king, and there were people who would take care of that for him . After the ceremony was over, the king returned to the campsite of Chambord right away .

Fei was now the king of a level 1 affiliated kingdom, a level 2 noble of Zenit, and the Legion Commander of [Wolf Teeth Legion] . He was a really powerful and influential figure, and he was sought after by a lot of people .

When he arrived at the campsite, he was scared .

Chambord’s campsite was surrounded by people, and it was hard for people to pass through . If these people weren’t wearing nice clothes and didn’t have presents in their hands, Fei would have thought that these people were here to cause trouble .

These people were all here for Fei .

Fei knew stuff was about to go down, and he quickly switched to Assassin Mode and disappeared from the magic carriage .

Just as he predicted, right after he disappeared from the magic carriage, the “visitors” saw the king’s carriage and quickly rushed over . With flattering smiles on their faces, they reported their masters’ names and the presents they had . From the look of it, it seemed like they even wanted to stuff the gifts through the window on the carriage .

After hearing the noise outside, Fei who was already back in his tent was a little excited .

He called over a Saint Seiya named Ivanovic . After taking the order, this man bowed and left .

What happened next made all the Chambordians laugh .

There were a few tables set up in the campsite, and the empty field where the soldiers practiced was fenced off as well . Everyone who was here to give presents to Fei was let in one by one . After they handed the gift and got their information registered, they were asked to leave politely .

No one was kicked out for giving a present, but they couldn’t see the king of Chambord .

The two tough-looking warriors of Chambord who made into the top-13 list explained with smiles on their faces . They said that the king was tired after the competition and needed to rest; if he was awakened at this time, he would definitely be enraged and would kill some people .

Even the most powerful and noble “visitors” had to leave docilely .

They can’t do anything against true power .

In the entire afternoon, the person who was in charge of doing the recording got sore hands and got changed out more than a dozen times . All the Bylaw Enforcement Officers and Saint Seiyas who were in charge of moving the presents felt numbness and soreness in their shoulders; they were more tired now than when they were in the competition .

The campsite was finally less crowded when the night arrived .

Smiles never disappeared from the Chambordians’ faces; their faces almost couldn’t handle it . Even [Fallen Princess] Victoria who was usually lazy even ran out to help . Golden stars circled in her beautiful eyes as she looked at the mountains of presents, and she wanted to take her shoes off and roll around in these presents while shouting, “These are all mine…… all mine……” If she wasn’t scared of Fei’s scolding, she would have done it right there .

In the afternoon, Angela had already arranged fast horses and messengers to pass the news to Chambord City .

If everything was smooth, the kingdom that was small and remote in the north would get the news by tomorrow evening . A huge celebration would take place there as well .

Now, no affiliated kingdoms dared to challenge the king of Chambord, and all the affiliated kingdoms who had conflicts with Chambord would probably come to Chambord and beg for forgiveness .

“Chambordians are too sly!”

The last person who handed over the present was a mid-aged nobleman . When he walked out of the campsite and saw the celebration happening inside the enclosed zone, he had to sigh and comment .

He never needed to go to a kingdom of bumpkins and try to establish a friendship, and it seemed like these barbaric and greedy people didn’t understand the principle of taking and giving! For the entire afternoon, these people only did two things; received gifts, and receive more gifts!

They completely forgot about giving back in return .

In fact, they didn’t even give a verbal promise back, let alone actually gifts in return . Everyone was here to see the king of Chambord, but none of them saw that greedy bastard .

……

“Hahaha! Is this what it means to have a cramp in the hands while counting money?”

Fei laughed proudly as he looked at the report that [Fallen Princess] Victoria handed to him . Although he had the magical item [Horadric Cube] and could make money in many ways, it was still thrilling to see this much treasures .

What he received in the afternoon was more than the taxes and other revenues the royal family of Chambord got in the last 10 years!

Everyone was happy in the central tent, including Lampard who usually had a straight face .

Although Fei was the key in turning Chambord’s situation around, every member of Chambord contributed to the success of Chambord by sweating and bleeding for the kingdom . They all watched and participated in the rising of Chambord, and they all felt a sense of pride and accomplishment .

Even if Chambord grew into a huge empire and the king of Chambord had numerous warriors under his command, no one could take this sense of pride and accomplishment away from them .

Drogba who had a tough guy appearance was so excited that he started crying .

At other times, Pierce would grasp this opportunity and laugh at him . But now, this white-haired tough man was also sobbing . Half a year ago when he used suicidal methods against the black armored enemies, Pierce thought he was dead for sure . At the time, he didn’t know that a miracle took place, and he didn’t know that the miracles didn’t stop reoccurring……

Only the people who experienced the hard, tough, and dangerous times at Chambord could understand why these tough men were crying .

Robbin and his father, old Aryang, were sitting in the central tent quietly . Although they never experienced what Chambord went through, their emotions were all pulled by what was happening around them .

“Victoria, separate the gifts into two piles . Divide one pile so everyone in the camp gets a share, and put the other pile onto carriages… . . they would be useful later……” Fei gave the report back to the [Fallen Princess] and gave her, who was an yet unidentified person, an important role .

However, Victoria didn’t realize that her value was confirmed by the king; her attention was completely focused on something else . With excitement in her eyes, she asked: “Everyone in the camp? So I get a share too?”

“Are you really a princess? You are so greedy . ” Fei frowned; he had nothing else to say to this girl .

“Ah?”

Victoria lowered her head in disappointment as tears appeared in her eyes .

But in the next moment, she realized that her share of the treasures wasn’t taken away despite the fact that she was scolded by the king . The smile instantly came back to her face, and she rushed out of the tent to get everything organized . Her tight red dress drew out her sexy figure, and her exposed and slender lower legs were very seductive; she was a very attractive girl .

Everyone else in the tent laughed as they saw the exchange between the king and the [Fallen Princess] .

This girl who said she was a princess was very special; she was the only person who could get scolded by the king with a straight face .

Fei shook his head again .

Although the background of Victoria wasn’t confirmed, she was good at managing money and had her own theories; perhaps that was her talent or she learned these things through her own experiences . Since she was a detail-oriented female, Fei was comfortable letting her handle this task . She wasn’t a powerful warrior after all; even if she wanted to play tricks, she couldn’t escape from Fei’s hands .

At this moment, Fei was reminded again that Chambord lacked other talents other than warriors .

“Your Majesty, what are your plans for [Wolf Teeth Legion]?” old Aryang who was silent suddenly stood up and asked respectfully .

“Eh…… I’m not sure yet . ”

Fei got a headache just thinking about that . The knowledge he learned in his previous life as a university student and in Diablo World didn’t cover military; it was hard for him to construct a formal military legion, and he hadn’t even thought about it yet . In fact, he hadn’t had the chance to brush his teeth after dinner .

“Your Majesty, I have some ideas that you can reference……” As if he was well prepared, old Aryang took out a white scroll from his sleeve and raised it over his head .

Everyone was surprised by old Aryang, including Robbin himself . As a Team Commander of Saint Seiyas, Robbin had been earnestly training his men and didn’t have much time to take care of his father . He knew that his father was recovering well with the help of the king, but he didn’t know that his father prepared a scroll with a lot of content .

“After that day, father hadn’t talked about the military for six years . Why today……” Robbin looked at his father and felt like the proud heart in his father’s thin body was being revived .

The atmosphere in the tent toned down .

As a “newcomer” who arrived less than two weeks ago, old Aryang didn’t have an official position . The reason he was able to come here today was that he was Robbin’s father . Technically, what he was doing was recommending himself; it was a bit sudden . To put it more directly, it felt like old Aryang didn’t know his place . Constructing the new legion was core to the king, and it would determine the future of Chambord . Why would the king hand over such an important task to an “outsider”?

Fei glanced at old Aryang, but old Aryang looked very calm .

His lightly bent body was as firm as a statue, and his white hair made him look like as if he had been through a lot . Due to his illness and long-term homelessness, he looked like a man in his 70s despite his real age of 50 . However, his bright eyes weren’t cloudy; instead, it looked like they were filled with wisdom .

Fei signaled his bodyguard Torres to take the white scroll from old Aryang, and he read it afterward .

After a while, Fei sighed and looked at old Aryang for a while . Soon, he waved at the people in the tent and said, “You guys can leave now . ” He then looked at old Aryang and said, “Please stay . ”

Although no one knew what the king was thinking about, everyone followed his orders .

Robbin looked at his father with worry in his eyes . He opened his mouth but didn’t know what to say, so he also quickly left the tent as well .

It was finally quiet in the tent .

“Teacher Aryang, please take a seat here . Let me finish reading this first . ” Fei pointed at the seat beside him and said . Afterward, he went back to reading the scroll . He was 100% focused .

Old Aryang finally let go of the breath that he was holding .

Before meeting the king of Chambord, he had almost given up completely . But it seemed like the gods pitied him and his son and placed a huge opportunity in front of them after torturing them .

He believed in his own judgment; he believed in what his eyes that had seen both glory and pain were telling him . The people who rushed over today to gift the king of Chambord only saw his glory today, but old Aryang saw the insane potential in this young king .

Old Aryang had been carefully observing what was happening since the day he arrived . After these days of observing, he understood the advantages and disadvantages of Chambord .

The advantages Chambord had were the young, powerful, charismatic, and different king who had unlimited potential as well as the fearless warriors under this king’s command .

The disadvantages Chambord had to deal with were limited territories and population . On this continent that was filled with tricks, strategies, powerful masters, warrior energies, magic power, and talented genius, Chambord couldn’t dominate using only the strength of one person; even those top-tier warriors had their own forces and influences .

Without talking about other examples, Emperor Yassin clearly represented this idea . The part of the reason why Emperor Yassin was named the rare super genius among hundreds of empires was that he had control of level 1 Empire Zenit on top of his own individual strength .

A real kingdom and a real empire required both talents in strength and wisdom .

Chambord didn’t lack strength, but it did lack wisdom and intelligence . There were only powerful warriors, but there weren’t talented military commanders and administrative management experts . Although the king of Chambord was able to create a lot of miracles, he wasn’t a talented general .

Of course, old Aryang didn’t underestimate the king of Chambord .

In most cases, legendary kings and emperors weren’t great commanders . The king of Chambord had that undescribed mystery and unspeakable charisma, and anyone including reckless warriors would listen to his orders .

From this competition, it was clear that [One Sword] who was famous and admired by many lost to the king of Chambord in both strength and charisma . Masters like [Wind Fire Dual Warriors] from the Gudong Kingdom, [Silver Armored Vicious Sword] who was an arrogant character, haughty Princess Cindy of the Bulan Kingdom, and black horse Shevchenko all admired and looked up to the king of Chambord, didn’t matter if they lost to him or not .

In comparison, [One Sword] exposed his narrow-minded personally and fell from his throne . Currently, even regular warriors favored the king of Chambord, let alone heroic figures who had their own perspectives .

Now, the king of Chambord was a level 2 noble with more power, the Chambord Kingdom was a level 1 affiliated kingdom with more resources, and there was the opportunity to construct the new legion . In old Aryang’s mind, all the required setups were there, and the only thing that was needed was proper operations . He felt like this was the opportunity for the king of Chambord to separate out of Zenit to establish his own empire!

What the king of Chambord needed the most were talents .

Talents in all fields .

Old Aryang knew that he was such a talent, especially in terms of military . He had his own glories, and he had that undoubted pride in his heart . If the king of Chambord trusted him and gave him the opportunity, he was confident that he could help the king of Chambord become a dragon that could soar in cloud nine .

Of course, he also needed the king of Chambord’s help to take his revenge and wash off the stain on his name .

He had observed enough these days, and the scroll Fei was reading right now was prepared by him in advance; he knew that the king of Chambord would be the champion for sure .

What he did today was pretty much a gamble . Although it wasn’t proper for him to recommend himself when he had no official position yet, he was testing to see if this king of Chambord was someone who was ambitious and brave enough to have his loyalty .

At this moment, he knew that he won the gamble .

The king of Chambord didn’t disappoint him .

That phrase “Teacher Aryang” was enough for him . Right now, he was just patiently waiting for the king of Chambord to finish reading the scroll .

On the scroll, he mentioned all kinds of recommendations from how to construct the legion to how to grasp the control of [Wolf Teeth Legion] after the war was over and become a real powerhouse .

He believed that these things could move this young and unpredictable king .

… . .

After two hours .

“Why aren’t they out yet?”

Robbin was very anxious as he walked around outside the central tent .

This master warrior had sworn his loyalty to Fei, but he was a little scared of his father who had been always serious in front of him . He knew his father, and that was why he was afraid that his father might offend the king with his direct words and stubbornness . If that happened, Robbin didn’t know which side he should stand on .

The other warriors of Chambord were wondering about the same thing .

When old Aryang asked that question two hours ago and gave Fei the white scroll, a lot of people realized that they have underestimated this old man who was almost crippled .

This old man must have a special background .

Just as everyone was getting a little impatient, the curtain to the central tent opened . After seeing the smile on the king’s face as well as how the king was helping old Aryang to move around intimately, they relaxed and knew that the situation wasn’t in its worse state .

However, what the king said next shocked everyone .

“From now on, Teacher Aryang would be fully in charge of the construction of [Wolf Teeth Legion] . Everyone has to listen to him, and the ones who don’t would be charged with the crime of treason



* * *





Chapter 345




Chapter 345

Chapter 345: Battle on The Peak (1)

“As you wish, Your Majesty . ”

Although a lot of people had questions on their minds and they all wanted to know the conversation that made the king trust this mysterious old Aryang so much, no one objected as they all kneeled down to take the order . After all, they all worshipped Fei and completely trusted him .

Robbin was the most excited person .

It wasn’t because his father got the king’s trust and was now very powerful; it was because he saw the bright smile on his father face that was filled with despair and hopelessness for the last six years . It felt like an old and dried tree got revived as a new branch grew out of it .

……

To Fei, old Aryang’s appearance was perfect . It felt like someone gave him a heated bag when he was cold and a pillow when he was tired .

In the scroll, old Aryang talked about how to construct the [Wolf Teeth Legion] including who to use as Team Commanders, Battalion Commanders, and Brigade Commanders . He gave reasons why he chose them, and he also mentioned some of his bold ideas . If everything went according to the plan, this [Wolf Teeth Legion] would be Fei’s own troop in less than half a year .

Although Fei didn’t really want this new legion, he realized that old Aryang was a real talent .

After he read the scroll, he talked with the old man for more than an hour . Although Fei didn’t know anything about the military, he was able to tell that this old man whose legs were still injured had a lot of experience in this field .

When old Aryang talked about the military, pride and confidence couldn’t be hidden in his eyes . That dominating aura that leaked out when he was talking told Fei that this ordinary-looking man was a famous general who had control of a huge number of soldiers .

Perhaps this old man was an influential figure before, but some tragedy happened and caused him to have severe leg injuries, lose his family, and be homeless . He was only able to hide away with his son Robbin, and Robbin who was a Five-Star Warrior had to serve the little Tudor Kingdom to survive .

Fei didn’t want to ask old Aryang what happened to him .

He only knew that Chambord was in desperate need of talents, and old Aryang was such a talent .

At the same time, Fei wasn’t worried that old Aryang would betray him .

Since Fei used some [Hulk Potion] when treating this old man’s leg injuries, it somehow placed a seal in this old man’s mind . It would somehow make him more loyal to Fei, and Fei was able to sense his change in emotion through this mystic spiritual connection ever so slightly .

On top of that, Fei didn’t feel like old Aryang and Robbin were people who would betray others .

The trust between men all originated from a gut feeling, and Fei trusted his won instinct .

That was why he didn’t ask Robbin and his father about their backgrounds and didn’t inspect them . He trusted them, and that was why he allowed this mysterious old man to have complete control over the construction of [Wolf Teeth Legion] .

Now, Fei can act as a hands-off commander .

To be honest, the field of the military wasn’t something that Fei who was an “otaku” could get around in; there was just so much information .

He was more interested in the upcoming Martial Saints Battle .

This battle wasn’t just monitored by Zenit and Spartax . Other big adjacent empires such as the Jax Empire, the Eindhoven Empire, and the St . Germain Empire were closely monitoring the battle between Martial Saint Krasic and Martial Saint Lkunta as well .

It was heard that except for the Martial Saint of Spartax who was a participating party, No . 1 Swordsman of the Jax Empire – Huntelaar, No . 1 General of the Eindhoven Empire – Costakarta, and Crown Prince of the St . Germain Empire – Girano, all came to St . Petersburg with envoys to spectate this battle .

As the day of the battle approached, everyone had questions about viewing qualifications .

Normal traveling warriors and citizens of Zenit won’t get the chance .

It was heard that both Martial Saints didn’t want people to spectate, but the pressures from the adjacent empires made them agree that 100 people could appear on the Martial Saint Mountain and view their battle . These 100 viewing spots were something that numerous warriors wanted, and it was heard that some people were willing to pay 1,000,000 gold coins for a seat .

After all, it was the battle between two Martial Saints that were rarely seen by people .

For warriors who were stuck at thresholds, they might be inspired by something in the battle and get to level up . Also, being able to view the battle between two Martial Saints was a great honor, and it was something that people could brag about . Therefore, other than the warriors, nobles and leaders of big families also were willing to pay for the seats .

Fei wasn’t too worried about it .

The Royal Family of Zenit and the Military Headquarter of Zenit both agreed that the top 25 masters in the competition were able to receive a viewing seat each . The Jax Empire, the Eindhoven Empire, and the St . Germain Empire each would get five viewing seats, the Regional Church – Summer Palace was able to get 10 seats, and the final 50 seats were distributed among noble families and powerful soldiers and commanders who had enough military merits . Of courses, the powerful soldiers and commanders were typically from noble families as well .

In this case, Chambord received six viewing seats, and Fei was able to patiently wait for the day of the battle .

During this period, old Aryang was constructing the [Wolf Teeth Legion] under Fei’s order .

The king of Chambord’s fame and charisma was completely showcased .

In a short time, numerous kings of affiliated kingdoms joined the [Wolf Teeth Legion] with their elite force, and they included the Byzantine Kingdom that was now level 4 and the Gudong Kingdom that was now level 2 . In just one day, three out of the five brigades were filled .

“However, out the masters that I recommended, there are a few who agreed to join the legion but then later hesitated . ” Old Aryang reported this to Fei on the night of the second day; it felt like there was a deeper meaning behind his words .

“It is ok if we can’t fill up the legion . We don’t need to force anyone . ” Fei wasn’t worried about it .

Old Aryang wanted to say something, but he also felt like the king had some other meanings behind his words . He thought the king was testing his ability, so he held himself back and quietly exited the tent .

……

In the evening, Fei entered Diablo World to kill monsters and level up .

After two previous nights’ hard work, Fei completed the first two quests in [The Pandemonium Fortress] . He didn’t just kill the Fallen Angel; he also found the Hellforge Hammer from the [River of Flame] and broke the Soul Stone of [Hephasto], one of the three lords of the hell . After this, Diablo the final boss was the only boss left .

Currently, the third quest in [The Pandemonium Fortress] named [Terror’s End] was half completed .

This quest was very hard to complete as the final boss Diablo was the target . After traveling through [River of Flames], Fei was able to enter [Chaos Sanctuary] . After entering the palace, opening the five seals, and killing a huge number of monsters and demons, Diablo would appear after a huge earthquake . Fei’s mission was to kill Diablo .

In the last two nights, Fei already opened three seals and killed a lot of monsters .

Fei’s Barbarian Character was now level 83, and he was very strong . He also got a few level 5 Orange Items, but they weren’t as good as the items Fei bought from the NPCs with a lot of money . Therefore, Fei kept a few good ones in his storage space and sold the rest .

Since a huge number of dangerous elite monsters would appear after one seal was opened, Fei didn’t dare to open all five seals at one time . He chose to take it slow, and he finally opened all five seals and killed all monsters after four hours .

In the palace that was filled with dark red stone pillar and lava of hell, a series of loud and angry roars sounded after a huge earthquake . Diablo appeared!

This evil lord of hell had a lot of red muscles on it, and there were eight huge bone spikes on its back . It had insane damage as well as fast health regeneration speed . With the powerful aura around him, one of his loud roars could instantly kill a Six-Star Warrior in the real world .

After Fei and Elena danced around and tried their best, they were finally able to kill this super boss .

A lot of colorful items were dropped onto the ground after Diablo was killed, and there were two green Set Items . However, Fei didn’t have time to pick them up; his gaming time for the day was up . Since Elena was a resident of Diablo World, she wasn’t able to see the items on the ground and pick them up for Fei . It looked like Fei could only come back and pick up these items next time .

Now, the Barbarian Character was level 84 .

……

The weather wasn’t too good in the camp area . It was already 8’o clock in the morning, but the sky was still dark . It felt like the dark clouds was an evil veil that blocked all the sunlight . Without any sunlight and any wind, a frightening atmosphere appeared .

After Fei woke up with Angela and got washed up with the help of the future queen, he walked out of the tent . However, he instantly frowned as he felt something ominous .

After half an hour, a set of caravans lead by cavaliers who were in golden helmets and golden armors appeared in the camp area . After waiting for another half an hour, they brought the top 25 masters to the Martial Saint Mountain .

The time of the battle was at sunset, and the location of the battle was at the peak of Martial Saint Mountain .

The lucky people who got viewing seats were supposed to arrive before sunset and stay in the specified viewing area .

This was a rare opportunity, and even [One Sword] who was conceited listened to the arrangement of the Royal Guards and got his rusty sword taken away from him . After everyone got their weapons and armors taken away from them, they went through tight inspections and arrived at the foot of Martial Saint Mountain at 3’o Clock in the afternoon .



* * *





Chapter 346




Chapter 346

Chapter 346: Battle on The Peak (2)

The Martial Saint Mountain was located within St . Petersburg . Looking from afar, it looked like a blossoming lotus . There were in total 11 mountain peaks; 10 lower peaks circled around one sword-like peak that soared into the clouds . Although there were many peaks, the mountain didn’t occupy too much space; its horizontal dissection area only occupied less than five square kilometers .

As if these 11 peaks grew from the ground, they looked very abrupt as there were no other mountains besides them . The 10 peaks on the outside were all very steep as a few mountains were even tilted to one side, and they were all covered with white rocks .

A famous traveling poet made a metaphor and said that the Martial Saint Mountain of Zenit looked like a pair of God’s hand that carefully held a sharp sword .

This metaphor accurately reflected the direct impression that the citizens of St . Petersburg had about the Martial Saint Mountain .

A bunch of people including Fei was led to the third peak on the south by the royal guards . This third peak on the south was about 600 meters tall, and it was tilting outwards a little . When people were on the edge of the peak, they would feel like the mountain was about to fall and collapse . Despite that, this peak was still one of the flatter peaks compared to the other nine .

Due to the long-term blockage of the sunlight, it was very humid under this peak . There were a ton of mosses, a lot of grey vines, and numerous poisonous bugs and snakes . This area was usually restricted by the Royal Family of Zenit, and it was very quiet .

At the bottom of this peak, there was a dark and narrow path . It was heard that it formed naturally, and it was refined later artificially . Now, this path led directly to the top of this peak, and all the lucky people who could spectate this Martial Saint Battle all went on this peak through this path .

Before the masters from the affiliated kingdoms came, there were already seven groups of people who walked on this path .

This order represented the difference in status . Fei and the people around him were only masters from affiliated kingdoms, and their statuses were a lot lower than the envoys of the other empires, the Regional Church, and the nobles in the Capital . However, since they were lucky enough to view the battle, there was nothing to complain about .

At the bottom of this peak, Fei and other masters were tightly inspected by a team of royal guards and royal mages again . Only after they reconfirmed the identities of these people and took away everyone’s storage rings, they allowed this group of people to proceed forward .

This inspection was really tight .

At the entrance of the path, Fei saw a royal guard holding a purple circular item . This item sent out dashes of purple lights as it scanned everyone . Somehow, the purple light brightened a lot when it landed on one master from an affiliated kingdom, and he was instantly tackled onto the ground and put into handcuffs .

Before they made onto the Martial Saint Mountain, one out of the 25 masters was already gone .

The path inside the peak was a lot drier compared to the bottom of the peak, and there were orange-yellow magic lights that were sound activated every five meters apart . As they walked by, the lights would light up and show the path; after they walked past the area, the lights would turn off themselves .

The path itself had many turns . After passing by a few, it was hard to tell the direction . However, they all knew that they were moving up as the path was on an incline . In fact, some parts of the path were connected with iron chains horizontally, and people had no other ways to get past them except climbing .

Fortunately, the weakest person in the group was a Four-Star Warrior, and path like this wasn’t difficult to get by .

With the lead of three royal guards, Fei’s group finally saw some natural lights and heard wind whistling sounds after 30 minutes . After a few more minutes, they visions broadened as they saw a circular open field that was about 100 meters in diameter .

There were more than a dozen mid-aged men in brown robes standing in the field . Also, they had long swords and wooden shields on their backs .

After the three royal guards who were emotionless talked to the eldest man, they turned around and left; it was clear that they finished their tasks as guides .

Fei sensed the importance Zenit placed on this Martial Saint Battle .

The three royal guards were all top-tier Four-Star Warriors, and the dozen mid-aged men on the field were all Five-Star Warriors . Their movements were steadily but firm, and it felt like they had earth-elemental warrior energies . The way these people dressed were very different as well; they didn’t look like soldiers nor royal guards . If Fei wasn’t wrong, these people were masters from the Martial Saint Mountain .

Tink! Tink! Tink! Tink! Tink!

A series of rapid and quick metal-colliding noises sounded, and the crowd looked around . They realized that they were at the top of the third peak on the south, and there were 20-meter tall statues of the God of War who was raising the sword and the shield all around the field . Behind these statues, it was the cliff that was more than 600 meters tall . Clouds blocked a lot of people’s vision, and the strong wind made it hard for people to hear each other .

The metal-colliding noises sounded from all the black iron chains that were on the edge of the field .

Numerous black iron chains were connected to one side of the field where a statue of the God of War stood, and the other end of the iron chains were extended into the clouds . While the wind blew by, these metal chains hit each other and made the noise .

“Please follow me . ” The leading mid-aged man who had a short beard nodded at the crowd and said . He walked to the edge of the field and jumped on the moving iron chains . With a smooth and firm footwork, he dashed towards the clouds as he stepped on the chains .

Everyone was surprised .

The peak was high, and the wind was strong . If something happened and a person fell off, he or she would be killed .

“Does everyone have to go through the chains? Where do these chains lead to?”

Many people hesitated .

After a moment of silence, [Silver Armored Vicious Sword] placed his hands on his waist and mocked, “You guys are chickens . Let me show you . ”

After he said that, he instantly jumped onto the chains and disappeared into the clouds like a flash of lightning .

Since someone took the lead, the others followed suit .

This time, Princess Cindy was envied by others . After a short chant, a pair of green translucent magic wings appeared on her back, and she disappeared into the clouds after a few flutters . It seemed like mages had advantages here .

Soon, there were only a few masters here; most of them they were the weakest ones in the group . After they looked at each other in unison, they couldn’t resist the desire of wanting to spectate the Martial Saint Battle and all jumped onto the chains while gritting their teeth .

Fei was the last person who jumped on the chains; he only moved after everyone else disappeared into the clouds .

He was thinking about something . After he saw those mid-aged men with the swords and shields, he had a very strange feeling; it felt familiar yet different . Fei had an ominous feeling since he woke up, and he felt like something bad was going to happen . NOw, that feeling was stronger .

However, this was no place to think about that .

He jumped onto the chains and moved fast; these chain bridges weren’t a challenge for him .

At this moment, a scream sounded .

……

There was stone square on the other end of the iron chains . It was bigger than the field on the third peak on the south, and it was located in between the clouds . Its actual distance was less than 1,000 meters away from the third peak on the south, and it only took the masters a few minutes to get here . Soon, only a few people were missing .

But since one of the missing people was the king of Chambord, it was a little strange .

Just as everyone was curious, fluttering noises sounded as the king of Chambord appeared with one person in each of his hands .

“Thank you, Your Majesty!”

“Your Majesty, thank you for saving my life!”

As soon as those two people landed, they quickly bowed and thanked Fei . It turned out that these two people almost fell into the cliff when the strong wind blew by, and they were saved by the king of Chambord . These two people were very grateful for the help .

The only thing was that the path the group needed to take next was still iron chains, so these two people didn’t dare to continue anymore . They had to stay at the first peak on the east for now, and people would help them to get down .

After six more iron chain bridges, the group finally arrived at the halfway point on the central sword peak .

The terrain at the Martial Saint Mountain was too dangerous, and it was even hard for Four-Star Warriors to get up here; it was impossible for normal troops or normal people to conquer the Martial Saint Mountain .

It was fortunate that there was a path inside the central sword peak from the halfway point on, and it was a lot safer .

After one hour of walking in the curly and long path, natural lights appeared just as everyone was about to get impatient . Everyone rushed forward and exited the tunnel .

They were all surprised when they walked out .

There were hills, green grasses, blossoming flowers, tall trees, light breezes, flowing rivers, smart animals…… it was supposed to be the cold winter in the Zenit, but it felt like the spring here .

It felt like this place was isolated from all the noises and conflicts in the outside world, and even just breathing the air in here made the people feel like they had already forgotten all about the worries and troubles they had before .



* * *





Chapter 347




Chapter 347

Chapter 347: Battle on The Peak (3)

“The viewing area is just in the front . Please follow me . ” After the dozen master of the Martial Saint Mountain escorted the group here, they returned immediately . Two younger warriors in white robes who had swords on their back appeared in front of the group and greet them . They smiled at the group as if they were used to this reaction, and they woke up the surprised crowd .

Everyone looked at each other, they all saw the surprise in each other’s eyes; no one expected the top of the tall sword peak to be like this . It was great for cultivations as absorbable energies flowed in the air .

Since the two young warriors were leading the way, the crowd just followed in dizziness .

Martial Saint’s name was like an unclimbable mountain and a monument . The title Martial Saint was sealed in the mind of every warrior of Zenit, and even arrogant warriors like [Silver Armored Vicious Sword] was docile like a puppy as he followed everyone .

Of course, Fei knew that it wasn’t due to fear but respect .

Martial Saint Krasic had resided on the Martial Saint Mountain for the last 26 years, and he gave the citizens of Zenit Empire 26 years of peace . Even though the nobles of the empire were corrupt, the lowest and poorest citizens were able to sense the peaceful life this quiet Martial Saint brought them .

In the history books, there was an important record . Just when Zenit Empire was established, it was still weak and was invaded by mortal energy Spartax Empire . Emperor Yassin personally led the troops to battle the enemies both in the south and in the north, and a lot of affiliated kingdoms also started trying to overthrow Zenit under the instigation of the enemies at this time . For a while, the flames of chaos burned in Zenit . Many farmlands were turned into burned grounds, murders and robberies were committed everywhere, and the citizens of the empire cried in pain . It was Martial Saint Krasic who got furious . Using his individual strength, he traveled more than tens of thousands of kilometers in three days and killed the royal families of the 36 rebel kingdoms and 18 bandit organizations . He instantly shocked the entire empire using his brutal methods .

After that, the rebellions were stopped and no affiliated kingdom dared to rebel again for the last 26 years . Zenit became peaceful, the royal family of Zenit became impeccable, and the Martial Saint Mountain became the Holy Land in the minds of warriors and citizens of Zenit .

The ugly history created the glory of Martial Saint Krasic .

Although the scenery on the Martial Saint Mountain was as beautiful as a painting, it had a solemn and holy aura; it made people feel a sense of respect and some fear . Even Fei respected this Martial Saint that he never met before a lot .

“The viewing area is right here . Please wait here and don’t move around . ”

After ten minutes of walking, the group saw an open space . There were more than a dozen stone chairs that had people on them, and there were still a lot of people standing around . There were more than 70 of them, and they could be divided into more than a dozen smaller groups by looking at who they walked to .

These people looked up as they noticed new arrivals .

There were a lot of people who Fei was familiar with, and these people include Tanasha, Paris, Ziene, Dominguez, Chrystal, and Beyonce; Fei even saw Manager Redknapp of Soros’ Merchant Group and his daughter Shirley .

Except for these familiar faces, Fei also saw some new faces .

There were 10 figures standing by one edge of the open space . Fei could tell their identities by looking at their clothes; he didn’t need an introduction . The black and white priest robes and the silver armors with the short red capes that had crosses on them told everyone that they were from the Holy Church .

Six priests and four cavaliers; they were the selected few from the Holy Church who were lucky enough to watch this battle . One elder who looked warm with his white hair and a lightly bolding head was circled around by others; it was obvious that his status was the highest . Fei could tell that this elder was at least on the level of low-tier Seven-Star, and he was a powerful master .

The other priests and cavaliers beside him were a lot younger, and the oldest of the bunch was younger than 30 years old . However, none of them were weak despite their young ages .

There were five strangers who were close to the people from the Holy Church; their clothes clearly said that they weren’t from Zenit . There was a mid-aged man in his 30s . He looked determined, and his body was big . His yellow short hair was going straight up, and it was held together by a golden hairband . His cheeks were fluff, and his eyes were deep into his head . In addition, he had a big noise and a lot of hair on his body . Looking from afar, it looked like he was an ape . He was sitting on a stone chair while occupying a lot of space, and his eyes were closed . With one of his hands holding onto the sword that was resting on his knees, it felt like he had grasped the entire world .

This man was the No . 1 Swordsman Huntelaar of the Jax Empire .

The four men behind Huntelaar all got their armors and weapons stripped away . They were only wearing simple inner shirts and long pants that were tucked in their boots . Most of their muscles were exposed in the air, and their muscles looked defined as if they were sculpted by knives . Unlike Huntelaar who was resting, there four men stood as straight as spears and looked around cautiously .

Fei got the reports from the [Letter Office] and knew about three envoy groups from the three empires . He remembered the features of the No . 1 Swordsman of the Jax Empire clearly, and he was able to recognize him instantly . However, Fei didn’t know that this man was able to come here with his silver sword; that said enough about his status .

Subconsciously, Fei tried to use his spiritual power and the sensitive Barbarian senses to observe this Huntelaar . However, he realized that the warrior energy surge on Huntelaar changed rapidly; it was sometimes high and sometimes low, and it was sometimes powerful and sometimes weak . Like a spring that was bring pressed randomly, there was no pattern to find . Fei was pretty surprised when he realized that he could detect this man’s strength .

At this moment, Huntelaar seemed to have sensed something and suddenly opened his eyes . A cold light flashed in his eyes as he looked at Fei, and he then turned around and closed his eyes again .

Fei didn’t react; he looked at another direction instead .

On a stone chair 10 meters away from Huntelaar, there was an elder in his 50s .

He was dressed in a dark red iron commander armor, and its style was really simple . However, there was a murderous aura on the armor as if the dark red color was the stains of blood . His white and thick hair was combed nicely, and his square face looked energetic with the pair of shiny eyes . It was clear that this man was handsome when he was young, and his current aura was as firm as a mountain .

“This must be Costakarta, the No . 1 General of level 3 Empire – Eindhoven . ”

Fei compared the features of this elder with the information he had, and he soon came to a conclusion .

There were three powerful guards standing behind Costakarta, and they were all wearing black metal armors . There was also a female standing behind Costakarta in a black metal armor that had the same style . She was pretty, but her skin was dark as if the sunlight shined on her skin constantly . Her eyebrows were as sharp as knives, and a tough and murderous aura that was rarely seen on a female could be sensed from her .

This woman was definitely not simple as she got a seat to view the Martial Saint Battle .

Not too far away from Costakarta, a mid-aged man in a fancy armor and a gold cape was sitting on the third stone chair . He was really handsome, and he had a pair of tapered eyes that seemed very attractive .

Fei had never encountered a man with tapered eyes in his life, and he thought it would look a little ridiculous . However, when he saw this man, he realized that they fitted him perfectly . With his tapered eyes, long brown hair, and natural smile, his charm was indefensible for the noble ladies who were dreaming about the perfect man .

This handsome man didn’t bring any guards; he brought four beautiful girls .

These four girls were all different; one of them was seductive, one of them was haughty, one of them was cute, and the last one was cold . These four girls would be treated as unparalleled beauties anywhere else, but they only had this handsome man in their eyes; they didn’t care about the people around them, and it seemed like they didn’t even care about the Martial Saint Battle that was about to take place . They only surrounded this man and fed him fruits and wines .

“This handsome man must be the Crown Prince Girano of the St . Germain Empire . I heard that this Crown Prince is extremely licentious and promiscuous . Looks like those rumors are true……”

Fei shook his head as he found a place closer to the edge of the field and sat down on the grass with warriors of Chambord such as Elena and Cech . Compared to other masters from other affiliated kingdoms, Chambord was a “big force” .

The last bunch of people was the 10 young men from Zenit’s military . Since they were all from the military, they had clean backgrounds and were completely loyal to the empire; they were permitted to have their armors and weapons .



* * *





Chapter 348




Chapter 348

Chapter 348: Battle on The Peak (4)

Other than these people, the rest were people from the royal family of Zenit and noble families in the Capital .

When the masters from the affiliated kingdoms arrived, they attracted a lot of attention, especially Fei .

Since Fei was the champion of the competition and gained control of the [Wolf Teeth Legion], he was a new political star in Zenit; there were a lot more people trying to figure out the likings and the characteristics of the king . For a moment, all kinds of looks were cast at him including surprised, jealous, intimate, hostile……

The Elder Princess sat on one of the few stone chairs and nodded at Fei with the guard of purple-dressed Ziene .

Ziene who was usually very cold also nodded at Fei to greet him .

“Hehe, Alexander, you are late!” A coquettish giggle sounded, and Paris walked over as she moved her slender and sexy waist . Without hesitation, she put her beautiful and white index finger on Fei’s chest and smiled, “I was just taking with Oka His Highness about you……”

Fei had a headache, and he had to respond to that in a stiff manner .

It seemed like this girl loved to flirt with Fei more and more . She dragged Fei to Dominguez and started talking with them . Dominguez left a good impression in Fei’s mind, and they chatted intimately for a while . Afterward, Fei returned to where the masters from the affiliated kingdoms were at .

However, what happened was misinterpreted by others . Since the king of Chambord walked with Dominguez and Paris intimately, a lot of people thought that he was on the side of the Second Prince for sure .

After thinking about this, a lot of people looked at the Elder Princess .

They knew that the Elder Princess was on the side of the Elder Prince in this battle for the throne .

However, they couldn’t find anything on the Elder Princess’ face as this woman called [Goddess of Intelligence] looked calm . With nobles who favored the Elder Prince by her side, she was sitting on the stone chair with a black fur cover, and she was reading an old book that had more than a thousand pages in it .

However, those nobles around the Elder Princess were looking at Fei with hostility .

As if she sensed something, purple-dressed Ziene frowned and walked up to Fei as everyone looked at her in surprise . After she murmured something into Fei’s ear intimately, she pointed at the Elder Princess who was sitting far away .

Fei didn’t know how he should feel, and he nodded and agreed to her suggestions .

This scene made the people who were observing the situation a little confused . “Could it be that the king of Chambord actually has a good relationship with the Elder Princess and the Elder Prince as well? Otherwise, why is the Elder Princess’ bodyguard Ziene so close to this king?”

The younger noblemen beside Tanasha were in shock! Ziene’s coldness was known in St . Petersburg; she even rejected the marriage proposal after the Fourth Prince Chrystal brought up to her . “Why is she so close to the king of Chambord?” many people wondered .

Chrystal’s face instantly turned gloomy after he saw this .

……

Time slowly passed by in this strange and subtle atmosphere, and the people who led everyone to the viewing area all disappeared .

However, everyone knew that the Martial Saint Mountain was tightly guarded . Although everything looked calm, if anyone dared to move around without permission, he or she would be in big trouble . Fei actually already sensed all the hidden auras of the powerful warriors around here .

It was close to sunset soon .

From the rumors, the Martial Saint Battle should be taking place . However, both Martial Saints were nowhere to be seen .

Fei had been closely observing the surroundings .

Where everyone was at as an open grass field, and it wasn’t the highest place on this central sword peak . 100 meters away, there was a huge cylinder-shaped stone pillar that was about 100 meters tall and 50 meters in diameter . It soared into the clouds, and it was the tallest place on the Martial Saint Mountain .

If Fei wasn’t wrong, the two Martial Saints were going to battle there .

Where everyone was standing right now was a great spot; people standing here could have a complete view of the battle without worrying about getting injured by the residual forces from the battle .

As Fei continued to observe, he unintendedly turned his head and saw the Fourth Prince Chrystal talking to some other young noblemen . They were laughing and chatting as they pointed at Fei’s direction with disdainful looks on their faces .

Fei shook his head as he didn’t know how to feel about this prince .

After the inception of the [Letter Office], Fei got a better understanding of Zenit . He knew that this Fourth Prince wasn’t willing to be overshadowed by the Elder Prince and the Second Prince and also wanted to fight for the throne . Although he believed he was the choose one, he lacked the talent . He thought he was a child of the gods and the next righteous emperor of Zenit, but he didn’t know that he was like a clown in other people’s eyes .

……

The people who appeared on this open field all had honorable statuses . In comparison, the 22 masters from the competition had the lowest statuses . They were discriminated against by some of the nobles; getting pointed at was light, and it wasn’t uncommon to get mocked at . Gradually, the masters from the affiliated kingdoms who previously shattered around all came back with blushes on their faces .

Some of them wanted to use this opportunity to establish friendships with some higher nobles, but they all failed . Except for a few top-tier masters, most of them didn’t even get a response as the higher-up nobles didn’t view them as people on their level .

Fei smiled; he had already predicted this outcome .

At this moment, a series of footsteps sounded . Three masters from the Martial Saint Mountain who were wearing brown robes and carrying swords on their back led a group of more than a dozen people to the area .

Fei saw a few familiar faces; they were the Spartax warriors he encountered during the parade . One of them threw a rock at him, and that warrior’s shoulder got pierced after Fei knocked the rock back . From the look of it, it seemed like this warrior fully recovered; he was moving around with vitality and didn’t look injured at all .

However, it seemed like Martial Saint Lkunta of Spartax wasn’t with them .

“Spartax people are here……”

“They are the people who were with the Martial Saint of Spartax . How dare these bastards to show themselves here?”

“Don’t stop me! Let me kill these damn butchers!”

The people of Zenit got emotional after they saw the appearance of the Spartax warriors . Didn’t matter if it was a nobleman or a master from an affiliated kingdom, they were all angry . At this moment, the citizens of Zenit showed their unity .

However, they were all blocked by the masters of the Martial Saint Mountain .

The atmosphere instantly got intense . However, the warriors of Spartax were still very arrogant and very provoking . The few warriors in the lead said a lot of provoking phrases and laughed recklessly……

Fei lightly frowned .

Elena and Fei were like connected by hearts . She instantly understood Fei’s thoughts and walked over to the Spartax warriors . “King Alexander wants you guys to shut up!” she said to them lightly .

“Yo? A beauty?”

“Hey, beauty, who is that King Alexander? Call him over and let me see . ”

After seeing Elena’s beautiful face and sexy figure, obscene ideas popped into their heads . Since they were technically enemies, a few warriors of Spartax even tried to flirt with Elena and make her angry .

“You guys are looking for me?” Fei appeared behind Elena and stopped her from attacking .

“It’s him?”

The warriors of Spartax suddenly froze and shivered . “Is he the person who instantly injured Bother Barton? Damn! Why is he here again?” they thought .

With Fei’s appearance, these warriors of Spartax toned it down and walked away quickly; they didn’t dare to say anything else .

A lot of people saw this, and some masters of affiliated kingdoms were looking at Fei as if he was their idol . Scaring off the enemies with one phrase! That was the aura of the No . 1 Master Warrior among all affiliated kingdoms! Even those young noblemen who were looking at Fei with hostility were now looking at him a lot friendlier .

At this moment –

“Look! Quick! It is…… Mr . Martial Saint!”

Someone shouted and pointed in the sky, and everyone followed the direction of his finger and saw two figures standing quietly on the huge stone pillar . It felt like these two had been standing there forever and the people in the view area just didn’t discover them .

The sun was set, and the moon was rising into the sky .

The two Martial Saints were about to battle .

It was close to the evening, and the moon was just on the level of the central sword peak . With the huge moon in the background, the two figures were clearly showcased . It felt like these two people were the gods as their clothes fluttered in the wind as the moonlight shined on them . The whole scene was beautiful .

Martial Saint Lkunta’s body was tall and big like a mountain . He was wearing an ordinary leather armor, and his arms were crossed in front of his chest . As his long hair lightly moved in the wind, he gave off an insane amount of pressure .

On the other side……

Fei was shocked when he saw that figure . His jaw dropped as he couldn’t believe that the Martial Saint Krasic of Zenit was him!



* * *





Chapter 349




Chapter 349

Chapter 349: Battle on The Peak (5)

On the pinnacle of the central sword peak under the moonlight, Fei found out that the thin figure standing on the other side of Lkunta was the mysterious man who had been teaching Fei at the [Huge Pit Battlefield] in Moro Mountains .

Martial Saint of Zenit – Krasic!

An honorable and glorious name! This name represented a legend, and this name represented an era .

Fei had been guessing who that mysterious man was . Emperor Yassin? A hidden master? Or that mysterious No . 1 Executive Knight Captain, Akinfeev? He knew that the mysterious man had to be powerful as he was able to access the Royal Library and the notes written by Emperor Yasin himself .

However, Fei never expected that man to be the Martial Saint of Zenit!

Fei stood up subconsciously and shouted, “Elder!”

“Eh . ” Krasic who was standing on top of the huge stone pillar looked down at Fei and lightly nodded . The strong wind messed up Krasic’s long hair, and he looked a little frenzy as dashes of invisible warrior energy circled around him . His power let everyone sensed a huge pressure as if a real Demon Deity arrived on the continent .

Fei’s mood got a lot better after he received the response .

Fei didn’t care about Krasic’s identity; he only cared about the attention that this silent yet protective elder gave him .

When Fei was being assassinated by that mysterious assassin in the camp area, it was Martial Saint Krasic who came to help him . Although he didn’t directly save Fei, he did chase after that assassin and fought him in the Moro Mountains . After Krasic defeated the assassin and created the [Huge Pit Battlefield], he left quietly without taking any credits . After that, he appeared every night to teach Fei about cultivation, and he even gave Fei the technique notes written by Emperor Yassin .

Although that training only went on for less than 20 days, it solidified Fei’s cultivation foundation . After that, Fei was able to restructure the techniques of his characters in Diablo World and condensed their damage abilities using the fundamental Krasic taught him .

To Fei, Krasic wasn’t the high-up Martial Saint but a fatherly figure and a great teacher .

Fei only felt grateful and respectful towards this Martial Saint of Zenit .

He was wondering when he could meet this mysterious man again, and fate quickly rearranged it and allowed for this quick re-encounter .

“Elder, be careful!” Fei knew that worrying too much at this moment was a bad thing, but he couldn’t help shouting that out as he was anxious .

“Eh . ” Krasic was still cold and only nodded .

However, these two “Ehs” were enough for the people around Fei to drop their jaws, especially those nobles . Although it was rare for them to see the Martial Saint, they all knew his stories clearly as they heard it hundreds of times . It was heard that this Martial Saint was very cold, and the famous Bishop Sergiyeli of Zenit Regional Church asked him three questions and didn’t get any responses . In comparison, although the king of Chambord was famous, he was still far below Bishop Sergiyeli’s level . “Why is he able to get favored by the Martial Saint?” everyone thought .

For a moment, even both Tanasha and Paris looked at Fei with a huge shock .

The Fourth Prince Chrystal and his noble friends were even more shocked . Chrystal’s lips twitched as he felt like he did something wrong; he didn’t know if it was too late to fix .

However, the Second Prince Dominguez wasn’t surprised . As if he didn’t hear anything, he just kept on playing with the disabled little dog named Oka in his arms . The little Oka kept on licking Dominguez’s cheeks with its pink tongue, and its eyes were filled with intimacy as it looked at its master .

“This young man is your disciple?” Martial Saint Lkunta who was standing on the tall stone pillar suddenly frowned and asked . His eyes were completely red and shot out heated glares .

“No . ” Krasic lightly shook his head and wasn’t concerned about Lkunta’s weird eyes .

“Master, he is the one who injured Brother Barton!” One warrior of Spartax suddenly shouted in the viewing area .

“Huh?” Lkunta was surprised . He looked at Fei with his eyes, and it felt like a lighthouse was shining lights on Fei .

It was almost the evening, and the sky was dark . As a result, these two dashes of lights looked even more terrifying .

The Martial Saint of Spartax had a strange aura, and two lights that shone out of his eyes were like two powerful red bolts of lightning . There was so much power in just his stares that people with weaker strength were all forced to kneel down . Even if they roared angrily and wanted to get up, they couldn’t .

Fei was completely enveloped by these two lights .

“Hahaha, you old guy, do you think you are a lighthouse? What are you looking at?” Fei suddenly thought of something and suddenly started to swear at the Lkunta . He stood straight and slowly unleashed his physical strength . Layers of invisible force were emitted to the surroundings, and some soils and dried grasses slowly levitated into the air as if gravity no longer existed .

“Huh?” After realizing that this warrior of Zenit dared to resist his pressure, the Martial Saint of Spartax was a little stunned . Then, he lightly drew in the air using his finger and said, “You dumbass! Since you broke one of my disciple Barton’s arms, I will do the same to you . ”

After Lkunta finished drawing in the air, clouds changed shapes and wind changed directions . After a powerful energy surge, a red beam of light appeared out of nowhere and struck at Fei’s right arm with a speed faster than light .

The Martial Saint of Spartax was going to attack the king of Chambord first?

“Why did the king of Chambord provoke a real Martial Saint? He is seeking his own death!”

Even the weakest person sensed Lkunta’s power . Although they couldn’t see the trace of the finger strike, they sensed death . The masters who liked the king of Chambord were all shocked, but they couldn’t react in time to warn Fei .

This seemed to be what that warrior of Spartax was hoping for when he shouted out, and he couldn’t wait for his god-like master to teach this “arrogant” warrior of Zenit a lesson .

However –

Boom!!!!!!!!

Fei’s movement was faster than light as well . His arms left a series of vivid afterimages in the air, and there was already a thin layer of transparent flames around his right fist when people reacted to what happened . Although it felt like this thin layer of flame was going to explode at any second, it did completely block the red beam of light that carried a very dangerous sensation .

“Yuck! Only can use a little finger? Who are you scaring with your little fire?” Fei sneered and continued to provoke .

With a disdainful look on his face, Fei stood still and didn’t move . However, the power of the level 84 Barbarian shot out from his right fist and instantly broke Lkunta’s red beam of light with the skill [Bash] after a loud booming noise sounded .

It was completely quiet on the peak after that .

Numerous shocked stares landed on Fei .

The Second Prince Dominguez who instantly stood up after witnessing that slowly sat back down as a strange expression appeared on his face .

The book that the Elder Princess was holding on fell to the ground, and she didn’t even notice .

Paris fixed her hair subconsciously as she was deeply shocked .

On the other hand, all the warriors of Spartax were so shocked that their jaws almost fell out of their mouths and their eyeballs almost popped out of their heads!

“Huh? Damn you! Idiotic Zenit’s trash! Die!”

Lkunta didn’t expect this warrior of Zenit to be this powerful, and he was furious after a short moment of stun . He felt like his honor of the Martial Saint was challenged, and he felt like he was a huge dragon that was shamed by a little dog .

Fire energy surged on his body, and it felt like his entire body turned into a red jade as flame appeared .

Even the sky changed color because of Lkunta’s movement .

As Lkunta was about to use all of his force to deal with this powerful warrior of Zenit, he was stopped .

“Your opponent is me . ”

Krasic who was in silence suddenly raised his voice and showed his palm that was behind his back . Then, he pressed it forward quietly as if he was removing some dust . In the next moment, green flames appeared and condensed into a huge palm that was more than 20 meters wide as it pressed down at Lkunta mercilessly .

“Hahaha, great!!! Krasic, let me kill you in front of these people of Zenit! I will let them use their own eyes to see that you are just a little bug who couldn’t even save yourself! I will kill that little bug afterward!”

Lkunta laughed as he raised his palm as well .

A huge red palm of the same size appeared, and it smashed onto the green palm . For a moment, loud booming noise resonated in the sky, and the mountain shook as a consequence as well . The two strikes canceled out each other, and the green and red energy flames dispersed into the area .

This signified the beginning of the battle!

At this moment, everyone at St . Petersburg, everyone at the camp area, and even almost everyone at Zenit looked at the direction of the sword peak . They all prayed as they looked at the green and red flames in the air, and they all wished that Martial Saint Krasic was going to get the final laugh .

Fei, on the other hand, let go of his breath .

He carefully observed the battle, and he just hoped that what he did was helpful for the Martial Saint of Zenit, Krasic .



* * *





Chapter 350




Chapter 350

Chapter 350: Battle at the Peak (6)

Fei who was under Barbarian Mode was on the level of Nine-Star, and Martial Saint Lkunta was at least a Moon-Class Elite . However, it was a secret to the people of Zenit as to which moon level Lkunta was on .

Since the difference in strength was huge between Fei and Lkunta, Fei was sure that he couldn’t even take 10 strikes from Lkunta .

It was fortunate that Fei accumulated some experience dealing with Moon-Class Elites when he fought Balesi, and Lkunta didn’t attack Fei with full strength earlier . That was why Fei was able to take those two strikes .

Also, the reason why Fei swore at Lkunta and provoked Lkunta to attack him wasn’t that he was an idiot and tried to show-off . Instead, he wanted to move Lkunta’s emotion and also cancel out some of Lkunta’s momentum .

To master warriors who were fighting with others on the same level, both mental state and the momentum were very important .

The stability of the metal state would determine if one could use his or her full strength in a battle . Real masters would adjust their mental state before a battle and calm themselves down; that was the only way that one could have complete control of himself or herself .

Momentum was like the morale .

It was intangible, but it was really important to accumulate it so the battle can be smoother .

Real masters would try to accumulate momentum before striking . Although it was hard to grasp, it did exist . Fei remembered a story he read when he was on earth . In the story “Military strategies of CaoGui”, it mentioned that the morale of soldiers was at the peak at the beginning of the battle; the morale would fall down when it wasn’t used, and it would be depleted after it wasn’t used for a long time . The morale of the soldiers was like the momentum of the master warriors .

A person would be daring to do anything when he or she was angry, but he or she won’t be able to do such things when the anger was gone .

The anger of ordinary people was similar to the momentum of master warriors like Lkunta as well .

Without thinking, Fei knew that both Krasic and Lkunta used a long time to prepare for this battle . Before the battle, their mental state and momentum were both at the peak, As soon as the battle started, all hell would break loose .

Fei’s aggressive provocation first affected Lkunta’s mental state a little bit . Also, as long as Lkunta struck at him, didn’t matter which technique and to what degree, a part of the accumulated momentum would be shifted off .

These were all knowledge covered in the notes written by Emperor Yassin . Fei tried to use the knowledge he acquired creatively, and he hoped that his tiny help was useful .

Fei didn’t know if what he did was meaningful or not . He only knew that he had an ominous feeling since he woke up today, and he felt like he was going to lose a loved one . Fei didn’t understand why he was feeling that way until he met Krasic .

“Could it because of Martial Saint Krasic?”

Fei asked himself that, but he then smiled . The battle of this level wasn’t something that he could have control over, and he should just focus on observing .

……

Boom!!!!!

Boom! Boom!! Boom!!!

The green and red flames dashed in the dark night like colorful fireworks, and it was mesmerizing .

“Strike of Sword!”

A cold shout sounded as Krasic lightly moved his hands . A sword that was more than 20 meters long and filled with runes appeared . Waves of green energy circles expanded outward, and it felt like space was going to tear open by it .

“Fire Creation!”

Lkunta’s long hair fluttered in the wind, and red and thick flames directly floated out of his body with the moon in the background . A huge fire shield that looked like the head of a demon instantly appeared after the flames burned off .

Whoosh!

The green sword instantly surpassed the limit of space and time and appeared in front of Lkunta .

“Open!” Lkunta shouted, and the fire shield smashed forward at the sharp tip of the green sword .

Boom!

The entire peak started to shake again .

Numerous flames dropped down the peak like destructive grenades .

At the moment of collision, the fire shield was cracked into pieces . After the huge green sword dimmed down and lighted up again, it dashed at Lkunta at an even faster speed . In the split second, the merciless blade of the sword passed through Lkunta’s body .

“Is it over?”

Many people opened their eyes widely as they looked at what just happened . Even the God of War would be greatly injured if such a huge sword passed through his body, let alone a Martial Saint of Spartax . However, why was this Martial Saint so weak?

Fei felt joy only for one second . After that, he realized that the huge green sword only passed through the vivid afterimage Ikunta left in the air . Because Lkunta’s speed was too fast, his realistic afterimage fooled all the audience .

Fei looked around in the dark sky and tried to spot where Lkunta really was .

Just as Fei’s eyes shone, numerous metal-colliding noises sounded .

Tink! Tink! Tink! Tink! Tink!

A special scene appeared in the sky .

Krasic was standing there quietly, but numerous fire swords appeared around him . All angles around him were covered by fire swords, and there was no place that Krasic could move to in order to dodge the attack . However, when these fire swords that each represented the full-strike of a Six-Star Warrior were five centimeters away from Krasic’s body, they couldn’t move forward anymore . A green translucent shield appeared outside Krasic’s body and tightly protected him .

“Hahaha, great! After 26 years, your strength still didn’t disappoint me!”

All the fire swords exploded, and all the released fire lighted up the dark sky . Lkunta’s appeared in the flames, and he stood across from Krasic on the peak . With a battle-hunger expression on his face, his red eyes that were still shooting out red light beams locked onto Krasic .

Krasic didn’t say anything . With a calm expression, he waved his hand and put out all the fire in the air .

The two real masters only used a few strikes in the last few seconds, but all the audience were drunk over the battle .

These were real masters! This was a battle between Martial Saints . The battle was as fancy as legends, and the battle was as mesmerizing as dreams . It felt like even space was being torn apart by these super techniques, and the invisible energy waves made it impossible for anyone who wasn’t a Moon-Class Elite to get within 100 meters from them .

The people in the viewing area were stunned .

All the warriors were sensing the overflowing aura in the air . These special auras of Moon-Class Elites could help warriors who were stuck on thresholds, and they could let these lower-level warriors experience a higher energy form .

No . 1 Swordsman of the Jax Empire, Huntelaar, closed his eyes and was rubbing his thin silver sword . He sometimes frowned and sometimes relaxed; it felt like he was being inspired by something .

No . 1 General of Eindhoven Empire, Costakarta, was still sitting on his stone chair baldly while staring at the two Martial Saints . With a serious expression on his face, no one knew what he was thinking about .

The Crown Prince of St . Germain Empire, Girano, was still enjoying his time with the four maids . With delicious wine in his hand and beauties around him, it felt like the two Martial Saints were performing for his entertainment . However, the fact that Girano was willing to give the four viewing seats to his four maids explained why he was known for his promiscuousness .

The warriors of Chambord such as Drogba and Pierce were also trying to sense the auras of the two Martial Saints . They lacked experiences and had never spectated the battle between real masters; this was a great opportunity for them to do so .

However, all of this was boring for Elena . Her strength could only increase after she killed monsters with Fei in Diablo World, and she couldn’t practice the scrolls and techniques in this world . Therefore, the two Martial Saints were like two powerful Boss-level monsters in her eyes .

Fei was closely monitoring the battle .

He was determined that he would instantly make his moves if Krasic looked like he was struggling . There weren’t a lot of people who Fei treasured in this world, but Krasic was definitely one of them . Fei had already planned out his moves, and he was confident that he could at least cause some trouble for Martial Saint Lkunta .

The only thing that made Fei feel good was that Krasic seemed to have obtained the advantage in the last strike .

Krasic didn’t move his feet since the beginning, but Lkunta was forced to move around already . When one of them attacked, the other one defended, and vice versa . It seemed like Krasic’s emotionless aura and strikes completely dominated over Lkunta’s .

This discovery made Fei relax a little, but he knew he shouldn’t be too joyful too soon . In the battle between Moon-Class Elites, it was usually very close . In the beginning, both parties would only try to figure out where the opponent was at . Moon-Class Elites had insane amounts of warrior energies, and the ultimate combat techniques they could use were probably too powerful to demonstrate!

In fact, the situation wasn’t as clear as it seemed to be .



* * *





Chapter 351




Chapter 351

Chapter 351: Battle on the Peak (7)

“Hahaha, I have been waiting for too long……” A frenzied expression appeared on Lkunta’s face as he shouted . The blue leather armor on him was torn to pieces by his warrior energy, and his muscular upper-body was exposed .

Fei saw a tattoo of a vicious-looking beast on Lkunta’s body, and he suddenly remembered the rumors about the cultivation paths of Moon-Class Elites .

“Krasic, I will kill you, the spiritual pillar of Zenit, today on this mountain! As long as you are killed, that weak and so-called [Zenit’s God of War] will be wiped out easily as well . Spartax Empire will move all the troops into Zenit and conquer this little empire easily! After we kill everyone at St . Petersburg, I will make sure to turn that biggest rebel Yassin’s head skull into a wine cup as a memorial to the previous emperors of our Spartax!”

As Lkunta’s expression got more and more ferocious, the red energy flame around his body got brighter and brighter; it felt like fire was shooting out of his pores . Soon, he became a “fire man” .

All the people in the viewing area felt the heat, and even the grasses under their feet were being dried up . Some weaker warriors’ hairs got burned, and the color of their clothes was turning to a burned yellow . It felt like there was another sun very close to them .

Everyone used their warrior energy and tried to defend against this insane heat .

Ziene released an energy sphere around her and Tanasha, and the Second Prince Dominguez and Paris were protected by the guards around them . No . 1 Swordsman of Jax Empire, Huntelaar, held onto his sword, and a silver energy glare shot out of it; it protected himself and the four guards around him . No . 1 General of Eindhoven Empire, Costakarta, and the four people behind him didn’t move; it felt like they couldn’t even feel the heat . The Crown Prince of St . Germain Empire, Girano, was the most casual . He placed a blue magic wand on the ground in front of him, and a cool magic sphere appeared and shielded him and his four maids .

On the pinnacle of the central sword peak .

Krasic still looked emotionless when his opponent unleashed such power . Krasic’s hair fluttered in the wind, and his calmness mixed with the mountain-like aura on him had a very undescribed magic!

His hands were on behind him, but a dragon-roar-like noise started to sound within his body . Then, a huge sword that looked ancient and was 2 meters long appeared behind him . As if it had its own life, it floated behind Krasic and lightly buzzed; it felt like this sword was spoil child that was crying for attention .

Fei’s eyes lighted up as he saw that .

He was able to tell that the sword behind Krasic wasn’t made from warrior energy; it was, in fact, a real sword made from metal . However, this huge sword appeared out of Krasic’s body! When it slowly pulled itself out of Krasic’s body, Krasic’s body looked like a scabbard . It was very strange!

Wait! This sword was actually a [Combat Weapon]!

Everyone realized what this sword was; only the legendary [Combat Weapons] could be kept within warriors’ bodies to level up .

When a warrior advanced into the realm of Moon-Class, there were a lot more paths of cultivation that he or she could choose .

There were three main paths .

First, there was hard training . Most warriors who choose to hard train were grassroots warriors who didn’t have many resources and weren’t backed up by powerful forces . Since these warriors typically didn’t want to become the retinues of big forces, they weren’t able to get access to Combat Weapons and Demon Beasts; they could only try to cultivate using their own bodies and try to maximize their potentials .

Second, there were Combat Weapons . Combat Weapon Warriors tried to utilize the connection between warriors and Combat Weapons, and they could deal damage that was multiples times more than their own bodies . When these warriors reached the perfect level of compatibility with their Combat Weapons, they could potentially even advance and become Sun-Class Lords!

Lastly, there were Demon Beasts . By signing a Soul Contract with a powerful Demon Beast, these Beast Soul Warriors were able to utilize strengths that were multiples times of their own . Sometimes, these warriors were able to share the growth potential and the bloodline of these Demon Beasts, and they could acquire supernatural powers that didn’t belong to humans . Of course, the level of strength and potential depended on how powerful the Demon Beasts were .

On Azeroth Continent, most people who were from royal families and large forces like the Beast Soul Warrior path a lot more . This was a shortcut, and it could even save them up to a dozen years of hard work . As long as their families spent the resources and captured powerful Demon Beasts, there were ways of forcing these Demon Beasts to agree to the Soul Contracts . With the instant gain of strength and power, an ordinary person could even become a master!

……

“Howl!!!!!!!”

A loud and terrifying roar sounded, and some of the rocks and plants on the central sword peak fell off the cliff as the peak itself shook violently . Red fire magic elements surged in the air as a bear-like Demon Beast that was more than 10 meters tall appeared behind Lkunta; it looked like an ancient fire demon from afar!

“Flame Destruction Bear!!” Someone shouted .

“So this Martial Saint of Spartax is a Beast Soul Warrior?” Although he already guessed that, Fei was still surprised when he found out . [Flame Destruction Bear] was a bear-form Demon Beast, but it was special . Most of the bear-form Demon Beasts were earth elemental and specialized in physical strength, but [Flame Destruction Bears] were fire-elemental and had magic powers . Most of [Flame Destruction Bears] were born as High-level Demon Beasts, and the one that appeared on the peak looked like it was a level 10 Demon Beast .

Level 10 Demon Beast; that was equivalent to a Moon-Class Elite .

With the addition of bloodline, longer lifespan, tougher physical body, and naturally high sensitivity to magic elements, this bear alone was tougher to deal with compared to a low-tier Moon-Class Elite .

This Martial Saint Battle turned out to be a battle between a Beast Soul Warrior and a Combat Weapon Warrior .

“Buzz!!!!!!!”

The crisp cry of the sword resonated in the sky .

“Roar!!!!!!!”

The wild and dominating shouts of the bear also sounded in the area .

“Hahaha, Krasic! The resentment from 26 years ago, the collapse of Zenit now…… let’s resolve all of that in this battle! I will take back what belonged to me, and you have to die today!!”

Lkunta laughed loudly, and he looked a little bit insane . As he shouted, [Fire Destruction Bear] roared and charged at Krasic like a burning meteor . Although the bear looked slow as it was 10 meters tall, it was actually very agile .

“Ha!”

After a cold shout, Krasic took a step back and formed a hand sign . The ancient sword behind him moved . Like a peacock that showed its feathers, the sword turned into 100 swords, and these swords formed an indestructible wall .

Boom!

The Demon Beasts shouted as its mountain-like body smashed onto the wall of swords, and that “fire meteor” looked a little bit shaky . The bear was knocked back by the repulsive force, but that wall of swords that was only four meters tall didn’t even shake .

“Attack!”

Krasic formed another hand sigh, and the sword moved again .

Krasic was the Martial Saint after all, and he was able to grasp opportunities perfectly . After a loud cry and metal-colliding noise, that wall of swords reformed into a huge sword as it dashed forward after a short moment of pause .

Boom!

The sword was as fast as lighting! It ditched the bear that was falling backward and targeted Lkunta instead .

A splash of blood appeared in the sky .

Although Lkunta was moving in the air using a strange technique and his body was disappearing from time to time, he wasn’t able to dodge this fast sword . When he finally stabilized his body, there were four deep wounds that revealed his bones on his shoulder, abdomen, arm, and neck .

Blood spurted out of the wounds, and Lkunta was turned into a “blood man” .

When the blood landed on the ground, steam came off of it; it seemed like Lkunta’s blood was insanely hot as well .

“You injured me? Haha, great! I finally felt pain after 26 years! I was waiting for this……”

Lkunta looked crazier after he was injured . Clouds of fire appeared on his wounds, and strands of green warrior energy were pushed out of the wounds; these were the warrior energies Krasic left in Lkunta’s body . After the fire burned off, all the wounds on Lkunta’s body healed up without a trace .

“Ah, too bad your sword can’t kill me instantly . If you can’t do that, I can heal up numerous times . But as for you, you can’t heal up this fast . Even if you are a demon, you will die here today! Ahahaha, after I lost to you 26 years ago, I risked my life and barely got this level 10 [Fire Destruction Bear] . I can finally see the results of my hard work today!”

Although Lkunta was injured and lost a lot of blood, he looked even more powerful after he recovered .

Everyone in the viewing area was shocked .

This was one of the terrifying abilities of Beast Soul Warriors . [Fire Destruction Bear]’s special fire-healing technique, recovery speed, and vitality were all shared with Lkunta, and Lkunta was almost invincible!

For most regular Moon-Class Elites, the injuries Lkunta just got would instantly decrease their strength . But for Lkunta, it was not a problem at all .

“You talk too much!” Krasic grabbed onto his sword with an under-grip and said calmly, “This sword is named Heavenly Sword . Didn’t you want the technique Heavenly Sword Three Strikes for the last 26 years? Watch closely then! First strike, [Condemn From Heaven]!!”



* * *





Chapter 352




Chapter 352

Chapter 352: Battle on the Peak – Heavenly Sword Three Strikes

“Heavenly Sword Three Strikes?”

Fei’s Barbarian instinct told him that there was a story between Lkunta and Krasic, and these two definitely knew each other very well . This [Heavenly Sword Three Strikes] was obviously a combat technique . As Krasic said its name lightly, a prideful expression appeared on his face .

Fei also sensed that Lkunta’s expression also changed after he heard the name [Heavenly Sword Three Strikes] . Not only Lkunta, the three most powerful people in the audience, Huntelaar, Costakarta, and Girano, were also surprised .

Of course, all these took place in a split second .

Most of the people were intrigued by the battle and didn’t notice these details .

“[Condemn from Heaven]? Hahaha, Condemn? Let me see how you can use Heavenly Sword Three Strikes to defeat me . ” Lkunta stood on the head of the [Fire Destruction Bear] as he laughed . In the next moment, the fire around him enveloped him and the bear, and there was one huge human-shaped fire that was more than 30 meters tall . With an insane heat, more fires swirled out in the air and soon surrounded Krasic as if they had their own lives .

However, Krasic looked calm as he held the Heavenly Sword in his hand . The sword that was two meters long greatly contrasted with his thin body, but this image somehow looked very powerful . With his right hand on the sword and pointing the sword at the direction of his opponent, Krasic tapped his index finger and ring finger on his left hand together and swiped the body of the sword . Instantly, four dashes of green warrior energy shot through the fire in front of him and into that human-shaped fire .

Whoosh!

What was surprising was that these four dashes of green warrior energy passed through the fire easily and disappeared into afar like meteors .

It was obvious that these four dashes of energy didn’t hurt Lkunta and his bear . It seemed like the man and the bear was turned into fire magic elements, and they were immune to all physical damage .

“Hahaha, you disappointed me too much, Krasic! This is your [Condemn from Heaven]?” Lkunta’s arrogant laughter sounded within the fire, “If Heavenly Sword Three Strikes are like this, then I would be greatly disappointed . ”

However, it seemed like everything was within Krasic’s control .

He suddenly flickered his right wrist, and a huge image that had the Heavenly Sword as its center appeared in the sky . Like a mystic magic array, numerous green energy swords appeared within it before anyone would react . Soon, the sky was filled with all these green energy swords, and it felt like these swords could destroy the sword .

Energies surged like tornadoes, and it felt like smoke appeared out of nowhere and covered the moonlight .

With his black hair fluttering in the air, Krasic raised his head and lightly stated with cold glares in his eyes, “Condemn from Heaven!”

Before he finished speaking, he slapped the body of Heavenly Sword with his right hand, and all the green energy swords were commanded to move . As they dashed through the sky and flew towards the human-shaped fire, the loud air-piercing noise sounded .

This time, the swords didn’t just pass by . Instead, they disappeared into the fire .

“Aaaaaa……” A series of angry shouts sounded, and the roar of the [Fire Destruction Bear] was even clearer . It was obvious that Lkunta was in trouble .

At this moment, a green light flashed by as Krasic turned into one dash of light with his sword and followed all the other green energy swords . In a split second, Heavenly Sword actually pierced into the fire .

“Ah! No!” Another shout sounded .

Lkunta was immune to physical damage, and he overestimated himself . As a result, Krasic’s swords easily injured him .

However, Lkunta’s reaction speed was fast .

As he shouted, the blood-red fire grew even more violently, and Heavenly Sword couldn’t enter the fire more after it traveled 20 centimeters into the fire . With his hands on the sword, Krasic’s body was parallel to the ground, and the green flames on him kept all the red flames that were trying to get to him one meter away .

In the next moment, the human-shaped fire looked more distinct as two arms made from fire appeared . Each of the arms was 10 meters long, and they struck at Krasic with a fast speed .

Just before the fire fists hit him, Krasic still looked calm . He lightly shouted and shook the sword in his hands . His body started to rotate rapidly, and Heavenly Sword was like a drill head . The terrifying energy waves dispersed to the surroundings, and audience members who were on the level of Four-Star couldn’t even stand still . They rolled around on the ground like water bottles in strong wind, and they grabbed onto trees and huge rocks to prevent themselves from being blown away .

“Whoosh!”

A dash of light flashed by .

An even higher-pitched air-piercing noise sounded .

Krasic passed through the human-shaped fire with his swords, and a huge hole that was three meters in diameter was left in the human-shaped fire . It felt like this hole couldn’t be filled back for a long time .

As a beast-like roar sounded, the red fire started to decrease in size . Lkunta’s big body appeared in the fire, and there was a hole that was the size of a bowl on this Martial Saint’s abdominal region . Blood spurted out of the wound, and the rock that the blood dripped on turned black and smoked .

“Ah…… I am willing to obey the ancient contract . The injuries on my body can be shifted, the blood in my body can be replaced, my startled soul can be calmed . I’m a loyal subject of the god, the honorable and kind……” Lkunta quickly chanted a series of ancient vows .

Strange things occurred .

The [Fire Destruction Bear] under Lkunta’s feet started to cry in pain as a huge bloody hole appeared on its body, but the injuries on Lkunta’s body disappeared . His injuries were shifted onto the Demon Beast that had signed the Soul Contract with him, and he instantly recovered! His pale face even looked normal now .

This was a terrifying power of the Beast Soul Warriors .

The lethal injuries to humans were only small injuries to the Demon Beasts . The level 10 Demon Beats [Fire Destruction Bear] could only feel the pain of the hole in its body, but this injury wasn’t life-threatening . However, it allowed Martial Saint Lkunta to completely recover .

“You made me angry!” Lkunta shouted angrily as he was being oppressed and injured for the last while, “Take the anger of the Beast Soul Warrior – [Whip of the God of Fire]!!”

Fire wipes appeared in the air, and they were all the thickness of a finger . They were bright red, and they were like red snakes that were 50 meters long . They looked flashy in the dark sky, and they were coiling at Krasic at a fast speed .

“Second Strike – [Punishment from Heaven]!”

Krasic’s powerful attack also arrived at this time . He struck horizontally downward, and a huge green sword that was more than 100 meters long appeared in the sky . With energy waves coming off of it, it struck at Lkunta mercilessly .

Although the huge sword wasn’t moving as fast, it felt indefensible .

All the fire wipes were cut in halves by this sword quietly . Although Lkunta tried his best to create more fire wipes, these wipes that could easily kill Six-Star Warriors were as soft as butter under the huge green sword .

“Damn it!”

Since he couldn’t defend against it, Lkunta tried to dodge . The huge [Fire Destruction Bear] also sensed the danger and jumped up……

Puff!

The huge green sword that was traveling at a moderate speed cut off one of [Fire Destruction Bear]’s forearms .

Fire-like blood spurted out of the wound as the Demon Beast roared . A few warriors of Spartax who were watching the fight couldn’t move in time and got poured on . They instantly cried in pain and tried to defend against it, but they were burned into ashes soon after .

Boom!

The green sword was too powerful, and Krasic couldn’t even pull it back . This sword struck onto a peak, and the peak that was more than 100 meters tall was cut in half . Huge rocks rolled off of the peak as if it was about to collapse . After the sword disappeared, the two halves of the peak were ten meters apart .

Such a powerful strike!

No wonder its name was [Punishment from Heaven]!

Heavenly Sword!

Everyone was shocked . Krasic’s strength was beyond a lot of people’s expectations! A lot of people thought that this was going to be an even match, but it looked like Lkunta was useless in front of Krasic . Even though he had a level 10 [Fire Destruction Bear], Lkunta wasn’t able to threaten the Martial Saint of Zenit who had Heavenly Sword Three Strikes .

Since he was at the advantage, Krasic didn’t show any mercy . With Heavenly Sword in his hand, he chased after Lkunta and struck down .

Lkunta grasped into thin air, but two long blades made from fire appeared in his hands . With a powerful aura, the two blades went against Heavenly Sword .

Tink! Tink! Tink! Tink! Tink!

Numerous sparks and sword energies appeared in the sky, and the battle between the two Martial Saints had entered its climax as they both started to fight in close-range . One green and one red; the murderous spirits and surging warrior powers created an insane scene .

Red blade energies were flying in all directions, and deep marks were appearing on the peaks around the two Martial Saints as if invisible knives were doing some carving .

Green sword energies were dashing in the air as well . Although Krasic was fighting in close range, he was still creating these sword energies . Each of the sword energy was sealed into the air, and they all shone in the darkness as they were all waiting to be triggered .

This scene made all the audience members forget the noise around them and pulled them into the excitement .

“Lkunta, use all your strength!” Krasic finally looked like he was in a battle-hunger state .

Unlike how emotionless he was at the beginning of the battle, he waved his sword and left terrifying murderous spirits in the air . The sword energies from Krasic pierced through the defense of the fire blades and left deep wounds on Lkunta’s body one after another .

“Ahahah! Krasic, too bad your Heavenly Sword can’t kill me!” As he laughed loudly, Lkunta changed his style and no longer defended against anything . He completely focused on the offense, and he was able to leave a deep wound on Krasic’ shoulder as his body was pierced through by a sword energy .

With the backing of the level 10 Demon Beast, Lkunta could instantly heal up and maintain his combat ability .

But as a Combat Weapon Warrior, Krasic couldn’t shift his injuries anywhere . Every time he got injured, his combat ability would decrease a little .

“Hahaha, Krasic, you are the one who should use all your strength!”

As he laughed, Lkunta began attacking even more aggressively . It felt like he wasn’t planning to live, and he used all of his techniques . Soon, although his body was full of blood, the actual injuries were transferred to the level 10 Demon Beast, and he was still able to maintain his strength . On the other hand, Krasic got six injuries on him permanently .

His shoulders, arms, and legs were all injured, and the fire energy from Lkunta continued to rush into his energy channels through the wounds . Krasic felt like his warrior energy was having a hard time flowing through his body .

“One last strike for the win!”

After Krasic knocked away Lkunta with his sword, he backed off for 100 meters . He stood still in the air, and Heavenly Sword started to shake violently in his hand . Green energies floated out of the blade of Heavenly Sword, and the Heavenly Sword itself started to rotate like a tornado after Krasic formed a hand sign .

“Third strike – [Forgiveness from Heaven]!”

The green energy that was formless started to rushed out of Krasic’s body, and even the environment around him started to change . The clouds and winds were changing, and thunders appeared within the clouds of green energy . The clouds in the sky slowly formed a swirl around Krasic, and it seemed like Krasic’s third strike was connecting with nature!

Within the cloud of green energy, Krasic grabbed onto the handle of Heavenly Sword and said with a dreamy voice, “No desire and no greed, no self and no existence, forget me and save the sword…… forgive all sins!!”

With a light wave of Heavenly Sword, the cloud of green energy moved towards Lkunta like fogs .

Blood spurted out of Lkunta’s body as soon as the cloud of green energy touched him, even though he tried his best to defend against it . The [Fire Destruction Bear] under his feet was soon enveloped by the cloud of green energy, and it started to roar out of fear . Although it tried its best, it was no use . Its huge body exploded, and a rain made from blood, flesh, and chipped bones fell onto the peak .

“Ah, [Fire Destruction Bear]!!” Lkunta was terrified .

The third strike [Forgiveness from Heaven] killed a level 10 Demon Beast, and it pretty much took away half of Lkunta’s power .

With the bear dead, it seemed like the battle was over .

Lkunta was severely injured by [Forgiveness from Heaven], and he could no longer battle Krasic . The battle was going to be over! All the warriors from Zenit cheered loudly……

At this moment –

Whoosh!

A dash of silver sword energy shot through the sky like a meteor and pierced through Krasic’s right chest . Krasic was very weak after he used his super ultimate technique [Forgiveness from Heaven], and he wasn’t able to defend against it at all . His body shook in the air, and it seemed like he was going to fall down at any second .



* * *





Chapter 353




Chapter 353

Chapter 353: Battle on the Peak – Sudden Change

The sudden change stunned everyone; they couldn’t believe their eyes .

The person who attacked Krasic was Huntelaar, the No . 1 Swordsman of the Jax Empire .

This tough and tall ape-like swordsman already stood up from the stone chair, and his height of 2 . 3 meters gave people surrounding him a lot of pressure . The thin silver sword that had the width of a thumb and was 2 meters long was shaking with a rhythm, and a dash of silver light would shot into the sky every time after it shook .

“What are you doing?”

“Sh*t! How dare you get involved in the battle between the Martial Saints?”

“Ah! Mr . Krasic is injured!”

The shouts of the audience members sounded on the open field; no one expected Huntelaar, who was treated as an honorable guest of Zenit, to sneak attack the Martial Saint Krasic when the battle was about to be over .

This was something that was not permitted . Getting involved in the battle between two Martial Saints was like disdaining the honor and dignity of the warriors of Zenit . What Huntelaar did would start up another war – if this news got out, Zenit had to declare a war against the Jax Empire! On Azeroth Continent, no empire would do nothing when its Martial Saint was sneak attacked in a Martial Saint Battle by another warrior .

“Humph!” Cold sneer sounded in the sky . Krasic’s injured body that was shaking in the air suddenly stopped moving . With his hand on the Heavenly Sword, Krasic struck downward, and a green sword energy shot out of Heavenly Sword and chopped the 33 dashes of silver sword energies apart .

The green sword energy was still powerful, and it continued to dash at Huntelaar .

Huntelaar didn’t dare to take this strike head-on . He turned his waist, and his bulky body dodged this green sword energy swiftly . Then, he suddenly stepped onto the ground . After a booming noise, a deep hole appeared on the ground . In the next second, he already appeared three meters away from Krasic in the sky after an air-piercing noise .

The thin silver sword danced in his hand crazily .

The sword didn’t look like a sword; it was more like a silver whip .

As more air-piercing noises sounded, the blade of the sword traveled in strange trajectories as it struck at Krasic . In one second, Huntelaar already struck out 100 times .

Krasic looked pale . With his left hand covering the wound on his right chest and his right hand on Heavenly Sword, his body moved around his sword rapidly . Every time he moved, Heavenly Sword would block one strike from Huntelaar like a shield .

As this took place, sparks appeared in the dark night like a firework .

“Ahahaha, Krasic! I told you that you are going to die today!”

Martial Saint of Spartax, Lkunta, who was still a little bit terrified by [Forgiveness from Heaven], suddenly laughed loudly . As he looked at the blood rain made from [Fire Destruction Bear]’s body, the smile on Lkunta’s face got vicious . As fires started to appear from the fleshes and the bones of the level 10 Demon Beast, Lkunta glanced at the viewing area and suddenly shouted, “Move!”

Before he could finish his word, changes occurred .

Costakarta, who was sitting still on the stone chair, suddenly stood up . His dark red metal armor made a series of metal-colliding noises as metal plates on it hit each other, and it sounded like tens of thousands of soldiers had appeared on this central sword peak . A terrifying murderous spirit appeared on the peak, and this was the unique murderous spirit this famous general had after numerous years of experience in battles and wars . Just like [Zenit’s God of War] Arshavin, their murderous spirits weren’t something that normal warrior can rival against .

Boom!

Costakarta drew out the blade from the scabbard on his waist and struck out . Instantly, a huge red blade energy that was more than 50 meters along appeared in the sky .

This was a blade energy filled with the unique murderous spirit from the battleground, and its target was the Martial Saint of Zenit, Krasic, who was still not at a disadvantage when facing the current two enemies .

Boom!

Krasic couldn’t dodge it with two enemies around him, and his body was knocked away by 50 meters after he took this strike head-on .

No one expected this quiet and yet trustworthy famous elderly general would do something like this; he had dropped and abandoned all the honor and glory he was living up to all these years as a famous general and attacked a Martial Saint who was still in a Martial Saint Battle…… When he did that, his hand that was holding his blade didn’t even shake; he was very decisive and firm .

“You…… Fu*k! Die!”

At this moment, Fei had woken up from the huge shock . He was no longer worried about hiding his strength, and he grabbed onto the thin air . His dual blades [Bul-Kathos’ Sacred Charge] and [Bul-Kathos’ Tribal Guardian] appeared in his hands, and he instantly used the skill [Leap Attack] and turned into a rapid bladestorm .

The green and red energies felt like they were about to tear the space apart, and the two blades struck at Costakarta like two roaring dragons .

“Back off!” The four black-armored guards behind Costakarta drew their weapons and struck at Fei, and four dark red energy flames dashed at Fei .

Tink! Tink! Tink! Tink! Tink!

After a series of metal-colliding noises, the four blades in the four guards’ hands were turned into halves . The green and red lights flashed by, and three heads flew into the air .

These guards were too weak in front of Fei who was in a state of fury . After one strike, three guards were turned into corpses . Only the female warrior who was a bit more powerful survived . She survived didn’t because of her power; Costakarta was closest to her, and he was able to protect her at that moment .

After one strike, Fei got even closer to them .

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

Three blue lights flashed by .

Elena, who was standing far away, pulled on her bow and shot her arrows . With the temperature in the area dropping dramatically, three magic arrows dashed by Fei’s ears and hair and targeted Costakarta’s vitals spots such as the heart and the throat mercilessly .

After spending a lot of time together in Diablo World killing monsters, Fei and Elena knew what each other was thinking about by just looking at the situation . With the perfect coordination, Fei’s two swords stabbed at Costakarta’s heart as Elena’s arrows arriving at the same time .

The famous elderly general of the Eindhoven Empire wasn’t scared at all . With no expression change, he waved his blade and chopped away the three arrows . However, chilly energy got onto his blade, and even his arm was being covered by the blue frost energy .

“Huh?”

Costakarta frowned; he was very surprised by Elena’s arrows as he didn’t expect them to contain such strange energies . Although his right arm was frozen, he reacted fast . He quickly grabbed the blade of the female warrior who he just saved, and he used it to block Fei’s dual swords confidently .

Boom!

The terrifying energy wave dispersed to the area . Costakarta couldn’t stand still, and he quickly took a few steps back . At the same time, Fei felt weak as he was hit by the repulsive force from this collision, and he took two steps back as well .

“This old bastard is also a Moon-Class Elite?”

Fei instantly detected the level of his opponent .

Although he was surprised by the strength of this general, he was more battle-hunger as he was really worried about Krasic . He looked at Krasic who was fighting two enemies at the same time with calmness, and he knew that Krasic would be fine as long as he was able to hold back Costakarta himself .

As Fei turned around and was about to tell Cech and other masters from the affiliated kingdoms to back off before they were injured by this level of chaos, his eyes suddenly landed on the Crown Prince of the St . Germain Empire, Girano .

With the servings from the four beautiful maids, this handsome and promiscuous man was looking at the battle in the air with a weird smile on his face .

“There are representatives from three empires here, and both Huntelaar and Costakarta attacked . Who knows if this man would make his move as well?”

Fei suddenly thought about this, and he was even more shocked .

As he thought about that, the Crown Prince of the St . Germain Empire finished the wine in his golden cup . Afterward, he threw the wine cup on the ground and grabbed onto the black wand that was in front of him . A series of mysterious chants sounded from his mouth, and golden magic runes appeared in the air and circled around him . With the terrifying pressure of the magic runes, people around him started to have a hard time breathing .

“Damn! He is going to attack!”

Fei got anxious . From the surging magic elements, he could tell that this Crown Prince of the St . Germain Empire was almost on the level of Moon-Class .

The spell this man was preparing was definitely on the level of Forbidden Spell, and no one knew what it could do to the current situation . Although Krasic was powerful, he was injured, he was fighting two powerful warriors at the same time, and he was short on warrior energy as he spent a lot of it on [Heavenly Sword Three Strikes] .

“How did this happen? Since these envoy groups from these three empires are permitted to come, why would they try to kill Krasic at the same time?”

“What is going on?”

“How?”

All these questions appeared in Fei’s head, but these questions all turned into one thought after 0 . 01 second – “I have to stop Girano from chanting and block this spell!”

Before Fei could do anything, someone else did that for him .

Purple energy flames appeared, and a thin purple blade that was as thin as the wings of a bee struck at the Crown Prince of the St . Germain Empire who was chanting the magic spell .



* * *





Chapter 354




Chapter 354

The person who attacked was the female guard of Tanasha, Ziene .

As she shouted, her strangely-shaped purple blade struck at the Crown Prince of the St . Germain Empire who was chanting . With the purple energy flame on the blade, it seemed like Ziene‘s strike got onto the level of peak Six-Star .

The blade was merciless .

Theoretically, mages were weak in terms of close-range combat . This kind of strike from Ziene should be able to at least interrupt the chanting process even if she couldn’t injure him .

However –

Buzz!

When the blade was 3 meters away from this handsome man, its speed slowed down as if a dashing horse ran into a swamp . The blade shivered as it continued forward for another meter . After that, it couldn’t move forward anymore didn’t matter how hard Ziene tried .

The Crown Prince of the St . Germain Empire wasn’t affected by this at all . Mysterious yet powerful chants continued to flow out of his mouth .

The situation was dangerous .

Cold glares appeared in Ziene’s eyes . She suddenly shook her head and open her mouth to bit on her purple ponytail with her pearl-white teeth, and she looked valiant as ever . After she placed her other hand on the handle of the blade, a stronger purple flame appeared . A powerful aura appeared on her as the purple blade thrust forward .

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

The purple blade struck out more than 100 times in a few seconds, and they were all targeting the vital spots on Girano’s body . However, with the protection of a powerful magic shield, the Crown Prince of the St . Germain Empire was still chanting and was still not interrupted as the purple blade couldn’t get through .

“Let me try!” Fei leaped into the air as he saw this, and he struck at Girano with his dual blades with power .

“I have to interrupt him!” Fei knew Girano was preparing a terrifying magic spell by just looking at the golden magic runes that continued to appear under Girano’s feet . Once his spell was completed, Krasic would be a serious danger .

Boom!

A dash of red blade energy hit Fei’s blades and stopped his charge .

It was the elderly general of Eindhoven Empire, Costakarta .

As an experienced general, he knew that Krasic was not in a disadvantage when facing off two opponents, and he knew that he couldn’t help the situation too much if he joined the fight as well . The key turning point was the magic spell Girano was preparing . If the magic spell was completed, there would be a good chance that Lkunta, Huntelaar, and himself could kill Krasic and escape before the other top-tier warriors of Zenit gets here .

Out of everyone, Fei was the only person who was able to threaten Girano .

Therefore, Costakarta had to stop him .

In the ferocious and deadly battle, the bloody-red blade energy and the green and red sword energies colliding in the air and sometimes cracked the peak . When facing Fei who was unleashing his full power under rage, Costakarta who was a Moon-Class Elite couldn’t do much .

“Protect the Elder Princess!”

“Protect the Second Prince!”

The viewing area was in chaos, and the nobles who were on the sides of the Arshavin and Dominguez all shouted as they surrounded the two key figures . The battles happening around them got to their climaxes, and the warriors in the battles couldn’t precisely control their power anymore . Any leakage of power could instantly kill; a few unlucky noblemen were turned into blood mists after they were hit by some sword and blade energies .

“Don’t worry about me! Help the king of Chambord to kill Costakarta . ” Tanasha pushed away the warrior in front of her as she commanded .

Although the situation was very chaotic as the powerful guests made their moves, [Zenit’s Goddess of Intelligence] Tanasha was extremely calm, and she ordered her guards who were circling around her to kill the general of the Eindhoven Empire . Perhaps it was due to her anger, her naturally pale face looked red, and it looked very special .

“Chop them into meat paste!” Paris ordered the guards around her as well .

The people this Demonic Woman was pointing were the warriors from Spartax as well as the four muscular men who came with Huntelaar . After hearing her command, the master warriors who were on the side of Dominguez didn’t dare to hesitate, and they all charged at these enemies .

Death battles took place on the central sword peak .

Although they were opponents, both Tanasha and Paris were extremely intelligent and made orders that assisted and complimented the other person’s order in a second . It was in this second when they looked at each other and saw the surprise in each other’s eyes . The surprise wasn’t from the sudden change . Rather, they both glanced at Fei subconsciously after they gave the orders, and they were shocked to find that the king of Chambord was able to battle Costakarta who was a long-time Moon-Class Elite!

Among warriors of Zenit who charged at the enemies, there was the Second Prince Dominguez .

There was blood on the blade of his sword, and his shoulder was pierced by a sword as well . Using the injury-for-injury mentality, this handsome prince of Zenit killed a warrior of Spartax himself .

Warriors of Zenit beside him saw this, and they quickly protected the prince as they felt terrified . They were scared that this prince who was tied to half of the political forces and big families at Zenit would be killed here, and they also knew what this prince did boosted the morale of Zenit .

Although everyone knew that there were four Moon-Class Elites on the side of the enemy and these Moon-Class Elites could kill everyone on the peak in a few seconds, no one backed off . At this moment, even the noblemen charged at the enemies bravely .

All that was happening was a shame to Zenit .

An unbearable mockery .

The Martial Saint of Zenit was being sneak attacked by the people who they treated as guests!

There were ill-intended guests who were trying to kill the Martial Saint Krasic! If Krasic did die today, the entire empire would be forever shamed! Zenit would be a laughingstock of Azeroth Continent!

Having the Martial Saint killed was equal to having the empire conquered .

If they could trade their lives for a moment of hesitation of the enemies, everyone on the peak was willing to do so .

Even if they all died on the peak, no one would regret their decisions .

The honor of the empire and the glory of the group made all the warriors and citizens of Zenit battle-hungry as their blood boiled .

Boom! Boom! Boom!

Puff! Puff! Puff!

Bam! Bam! Bam!

“Aaaaa!”

“Kill……”

“Ahaha, it is worth it! I traded my life with your life……”

Blood spilled everywhere, and limbs were chopped off as cold lights flashed . A dozen bodies were turned into corpses…… Under the ferocious attack of the warriors of Zenit, all the warriors of Spartax were killed, and the four guards of the No . 1 Swordsman of the Jax Empire were chopped into meat paste as well .

On the side of Zenit, four warriors died, and five warriors were critically injured .

While others were taking on weaker opponents, the warriors of Chambord were helping Ziene in attacking the Crown Prince of the St . Germain Empire . The four beautiful maids of Girano stood around their master, and they formed a unique four-pointed star magic array with wands in their hands . The magic array created four light walls, and the walls protected Girano and themselves perfectly .

Although they were injured as blood slid down their lips, their expressions were firm as they protected their masters like Valkyries .

Under the bright energy flames and lights, the four beautiful yet pale faces made people feel pity towards them .

However, the warriors of Chambord didn’t hesitate . Under the command of [Destructive Finger] Cech, they all used their ultimate techniques and attacked the light walls .

The light walls shook, and more blood dripped down the four beauties’ lips . Their beautiful bodies shivered, and it was clear that they couldn’t last any longer .

As the magic array was about to be cracked –

“Magic elements …… Spatial Cracks…… Please release your thunder-like rage and punish the enemies! [Spatial Chain Swamp]!”

Girano raised his wand and finally finished his complex and powerful spell . Numerous golden magic runes in the air flashed and formed into numerous golden chains . They circled around Girano and made him look like a golden statue, and a powerful energy surge exploded after Girano waved his wand . All the warriors of Chambord and Ziene were knocked away……

The golden chains in the air looked like a huge net, and they flew towards the three warriors who were battling in the sky .

“Damn! He finished it!”

“It is over! Fu*k!”

“That Moon-Class Elite Mage from the St . Germain Empire used five minutes to finish the spell! It must be powerful! Mr . Krasic is in trouble!”

All the citizens of Chambord were terrified . Their hearts sunk after the Crown Prince of the St . Germain Empire finished the spell . “What can save the situation? 1 V 4? Even if Mr . Krasic is powerful, he couldn’t pull it off……”

Fei’s eyes were so wide open that the skins at the corners of his eyes were torn a little . He roared as he forced Costakarta off . He then jumped into the air and wanted to block this magic spell with his own body . At the same time, he was ready to use a ton of experience points to summon the Lord of Destruction, Diablo, to this world to block this spell as well……

Something unimaginable happened .

As a light smile appeared on Tanasha’s face, the golden chains made of the magic runes separated into two groups and enveloped Lkunta and Huntelaar as they shouted in anger and fear .

“What is going on?”

“The terrifying spell that Girano prepared for five minutes is targeting Lkunta and Huntelaar?”

No one expected this!

This handsome Crown Prince of the St . Germain Empire was on the side of Zenit? Everyone was shocked, including Costakarta who was fighting with Fei . As he stood a lot of steps back, his lips twitched as he couldn’t believe his eyes .



* * *





Chapter 355




Chapter 355

At this shocking moment, there was only one person who was calm except Tanasha . After all, it felt like Tanasha knew this was going to happen .

This person was Martial Saint Krasic .

“Second Strike – [Punishment from Heaven]!”

After seeing Lkunta and Huntelaar both being enveloped by the golden magic runes, Krasic made the most correct decision . With both of his hands on Heavenly Sword, he raised it over his head and injected his warrior energy into it . After a green light flashed by, a huge circular pattern appeared in the air, and a huge green sword that was 100 meters long appeared from it .

With green lights around him, Krasic slowly struck down the Heavenly Sword . The green energy sword that was 100 meters long also tiled forward as Krasic moved . Although it looked very slow, it was actually so fast that people couldn’t grasp it . With might, it hit Lkunta and Huntelaar who were both captured by the golden magic runes .

Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom!

Explosion noises sounded as the golden magic runes were disrupted . The magic elements that made up these runes were pushed into each other, and they set off a series of explosions .

However, that huge green energy sword struck through the explosion and landed on the peak . As the mountain shook violently, that huge stone pillar was struck into pieces, and huge pieces of stones fell into the viewing area .

Clouds of dust instantly blocked everyone’s vision .

When the dust finally settled, everyone saw what happened .

Blood was still flowing down Krasic’s body . The injury caused by Huntelaar’s sneak attack was the most severe; ribs were visible, and the edges of the heart were vaguely visible as well through the huge bowl-sized wound . In terms of Heavenly Sword, it stood quietly beside Krasic like an old friend .

Although Krasic’s face was pale and he had blood all over his body, Fei sensed that Krasic’s breathing returned to normal . That calmed Fei down a lot .

Martial Saint Lkunta got one of his arm chopped off from the shoulder, and blood was spurting out of the wound like a fountain . Although the red energy flame was flashing on the wound and wanted to seal it up, he no longer had his Level 10 Demon Beast and couldn’t transfer the injury to it . His yellow face looked black, and he was in so much pain that his body twitched and shivered!

The No . 1 Swordsman from the Jax Empire got his sword destroyed; the long silver sword only had about half a meter left . In addition, there was a terrifying wound that was about half a meter long from his shoulder to his stomach . There were also wounds on other areas of his body, and blood flowed out rapidly as well .

With the help of Spatial Magic [Spatial Chain Swamp] from Girano, Krasic’s [Punishment from Heaven] completely struck on these two Moon-Class Elites, and this strike took away more than half of their combat abilities . This Martial Saint of Zenit was really good at grasping the opportunities, and he was able to turn the situation around perfect .

“You are on the side of Zenit?” Lkunta stared at Girano with hatred as he shouted angrily like an injured animal in a trap, “Do you know what you are doing? Zenit’s fate was already decided at the Meeting of the Seven Empires! What you are doing is equal to tying St . Germain Empire onto the sinking ship named Zenit!”

Girano only curled his lips after he heard that .

This Crown Prince didn’t even look at the Martial Saint of Spartax . Instead, he looked at his four beautiful maids who looked pale, and he waved his black magic wand . A blue magic sphere enveloped the four maids, and their faces instantly got less pale as their breathing got calmer .

Fei was a little surprised .

He didn’t expect the promiscuous Crown Prince of the St . Germain Empire was a Moon-Class Elite Mage who mastered both Spatial and Water-elemental magic spells . Also, he didn’t expect the four beautiful maids of Girano who looked like decorative pieces to be mages who had Four-Star and Five-Star strengths . After seeing how these four maids risked their lives to protect Girano and how Girano used a lot of his magic energy to help his four maids heal up when there were still powerful enemies around, Fei felt like the relationship between the five people couldn’t be simply explained by the word “promiscuous” .

At this point, Fei vaguely felt like he was inside a chained trap set up by the people on higher-levels .

Fei knew for sure that Girano’s identity was a huge secret, and this Crown Prince even got the trust of people like Lkunta and Costakarta . That was the only reason why Costakarta would help Girano to stop Fei . Ziene could either not know the identity of Girano or pretended to not know the identity of Girano, but Girano did put on a good show with the master warriors of Zenit who didn’t know what was really going on . The enemies completely trusted Girano, and they didn’t even defend against [Spatial Chain Swamp] at all . By using this crucial mistake of the enemies, Krasic was able to succeed .

Fei finally knew that this famous Martial Saints Battle was far more complicated than he thought .

This scene was extremely similar to what happened on the Peak of the East Mountain in Chambord, and this battle was the battle between many different empires . Different from how Fei was able to accidentally discover the truth and counter the scheme, this “chess game” was so high-leveled that even the king of Chambord was a non-important chess piece .

“General, you are a famous commander and are admired by a lot of people in many empires . Why would you ditch your honor and the glory of a soldier to participate in the dirty scheme of the Spartax?” With the protection of her guards, the Elder Prince slowly walked out and asked the Famous General Costakarta .

A bit of shame flashed through this elderly generals’ eyes, but it quickly disappeared . The hand that was holding onto the blade got firmer, and he replied with an emotionless expression, “To an old soldier, admiration for the enemies is not needed . I only hope that the citizens of the Eindhoven Empire remember my honor and glory . ”

Currently, Costakarta was the only Moon-Class Elite on the side of the enemy who kept his combat ability . He walked towards Lkunta and Huntelaar in extreme calmness and stood in front of them . He then waved his hand, and a blade of a dead person flew into his hand . With two blades in his hands, he pointed them at the ground as the murderous spirit of an experienced general was fully unleashed . He looked battle-hungry .

“Too bad your plan failed . No one will remember the honor and glory of a conspirator who dared to destroy the fairness in a Martial Saints Battle . ”

Paris sneered as she walked up and stood beside Tanasha . With anger in her eyes, she mocked, “Do you think Zenit doesn’t know about the so-called Meeting of the Seven Empires? That is only a dumb joke! It is just a few arrogant idiots digging their own graves!”

Her first sentence was correct .

In terms of strength, Krasic was injured severely, and Girano used a lot of his magic energy even though he wasn’t injured . Although it was hard to determine the result if they had to fight with the three Moon-Class Elites on the enemy’s side since two enemies were injured as well, they were at a small disadvantage . However, Zenit still had a lot of Star-level warriors . Except for a few who died in previous battles and the 10 people from the Holy Church who were strangely quiet, these Star-level warriors gave Zenit the numbers advantage . With Fei who was able to fight against Costakarta, Zenit had an advantage overall .

All the strange noises coming from the central sword peak must have attracted the attention of more master warriors of Zenit, and people on the enemy’s side would definitely be killed when these reinforcements arrive .

Fei quietly got close to Krasic and handed a bottle of [Full Rejuvenation Potion] to this Martial Saint .

However, Krasic didn’t take it . Rather, he just turned around and looked at Fei quietly . At this moment, Fei felt an indescribable illusion as if this fatherly figure of his was trying to tell him something . Fei was a little stunned . Just as he was about to try to convince Krasic to drink the potion, the Martial Saint of Zenit walked forward .

“You three, come at me all together . Also, you should probably make your appearance now, the friend that is hiding in the sky . ” With Heavenly Sword in his hands, Krasic said heroically, “I will let you guys understand what Martial Saint of Zenit means!”



* * *





Chapter 356




Chapter 356

Chapter 356: Battle on the Peak – Kill All

Before Krasic could finish his sentence, he already struck Heavenly Sword at the sky . As everyone was surprised by Krasic’s words, a green sword energy dashed into a dark cloud . As the ear-piercing noise resonated in the sky, it felt like this sword energy had left a dark wound in space .

Boom!

A dash of red flame collided with the green sword energy, and a huge energy wave dispersed into the surroundings . Soon, the red and green energies disappeared .

“Hahaha, I didn’t expect you to find me!” A loud laughter sounded in the sky . However, Fei felt like this voice was a little shaky and was filled with a murderous spirit .

Another dash of red energy appeared with this laughter .

The fast speed of this energy created a series of sparks and smokes in the air, and it targeted Krasic who was standing quietly in the sky .

As if this strike triggered the power of the heaven and the earth, it made the people in the viewing area feel like a mountain was coming down at them despite the fact that none of them were targeted . With this huge pressure, a lot of bone crackling sounds appeared as if everyone was being crushed .

This presence…… Another Moon-Class Elite!

All the people on the side of Zenit were shocked, and a bit of surprise even appeared in Tanasha’s eyes…… the enemies got the reinforcement of another Moon-Class Elite?

In comparison, Zenit was now in an absolute disadvantage! Even though Zenit had the numbers advantage, this new Moon-Class Elite was enough to turn things around .

Fei frowned as a serious expression appeared on his face .

The king realized that he recognized the aura of this person; he could never forget about it!

This Moon-Class Elite was the mysterious assassin who went after Fei in the camp area .

This man forced Fei to run away like a dog, and Fei had to use a lot of experience points to summon the boss [Duriel] to block the damage for him . Only by using all of his abilities, Fei was able to hide away in Diablo World, and his Barbarian Character dropped from level 40 back to level 39 after a large number of experience points were used . After Fei escaped, this assassin was chased by Krasic who got there afterward, and this assassin was severely injured by Krasic in Moro Mountains .

Because this powerful assassin left a spiritual seal in Fei’s body, Fei had to start training his spiritual power earnestly . Fei got to the [Huge Pit Battlefield] later by chance, he comprehended the [Fist Spiritual Spatial Seal] that only Moon-Class Elites could use, and he encountered Martial Saint Krasic and got those special training .

Both the techniques this assassin used in the assassination and the [Fist Spiritual Spatial Seal] this assassin left in the [Huge Pit Battlefield] allowed Fei to clearly remember his aura .

After all, that was the first time Fei was placed in such a deadly and tough situation on the Azeroth Continent .

“You lost to me once, now you are here to receive your death penalty?” Krasic sneered .

Without changing his expression, he made a hand sign with both of his hands and the huge Heavenly Sword that was about two meters long rotated in the air rapidly . The Martial Saint of Zenit used [Punishment from Heaven] again, and the huge green energy sword that was about 100 meters long appeared . It struck down, and the huge blade collided with the red energy that was coming down from the clouds . As the two strikes collided, the entire central sword peak started to shake .

“Ah! Impossible! No! Your power…… How did it get so strong suddenly?” That mysterious assassin’s voice suddenly sounded .

At the same time, Lkunta, Huntelaar, and Costakarta were all shocked as well .

They clearly sensed that this [Punishment from Heaven] was far more powerful than the same strike Krasic used before . Only Moon-Class Elites who were above the level of New Moon were able to dismantle that red energy, and it meant that Krasic was far more powerful than them at this moment .

Although they were shocked, their heads were clear; they knew that they couldn’t drag this on any longer . After they looked at each other and saw the shock in each other’s eyes, they gave up on the dignity of Moon-Class Elites and all started to strike at Krasic at the same time .

“Oh my god! Protect our Martial Saint!” Someone shouted .

“Protect the Martial Saint and help with the retreat! Let’s block them! Even if we die, we have to help the Martial Saint retreat safely!”

“Brothers of Zenit! Let’s fight them!”

This sudden change made all the star-level warriors of Zenit fall into a state of madness . Although they couldn’t even defend against the residual energy of the Moon-Class Elites, their honors and responsibilities as citizens of Zenit made them willing to die in Krasic’s place . Even the weak and timid nobles ditched the so-called temperament and charged at the enemies with their weapons like madmen .

Fei didn’t say anything .

With a bottle of [Health Potion] in his mouth, he used Barbarian Skill [Whirlwind] and dashed at the enemies’ like a tornado .

The situation was chaotic . Out of everyone, only the 10 people from the Holy Church were standing by the side and watching everything that was taking place calmly . It didn’t seem like they want to get involved at all .

The Crown Prince of the St . Germain Empire, Girano, lightly waved his wand with a serious expression, and surges of magic elements started to roar .

Boom!

Before everyone on the side of Zenit was able to join the battle, a huge indefensible power appeared and repulse everyone away . This power wasn’t murderous, and it disappeared after it bounced everyone back . In the next moment, Krasic’s voice sounded, “Warriors of Zenit, stand aside! Remember the honor and glory of Zenit! On the central sword peak and under my Heavenly Sword, the Martial Saint of Zenit will make them stay here forever!”

This sentence was filled with great confidence and impeccable honor .

Although Krasic’s voice wasn’t empowered by his warrior energy and it wasn’t loud, it struck the soft part of all the citizens of Zenit’s heart . They felt like their blood was boiling, and they all sensed that powerful confidence and pride!

Fei’s mind was ignited by the domination Krasic showed at this moment .

This was the most dominating side of Krasic that Fei had ever seen .

As Fei wondered, he gradually realized that Krasic was the Martial Saint of a level 1 Empire despite his calm and low-profile appearance . Krasic was a powerful warrior who killed tens of thousands of people and created rivers of blood 26 years ago, Krasic was the Martial Saint of Zenit who was approved by the genius Emperor Yassin and resided on the Martial Saint Mountain for 26 years, and Krasic was a powerful warrior whose honor and dignity couldn’t be challenged!

When his empire needed him, this low-profile warrior would display his cruel and dominating presence .

He was a real warrior!

Compared with Krasic, Fei felt like his way of domination belonged to a bandit; it was rough and not stylish at all .

Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom!

When Fei was in an unprecedented shock, the battle got turned around in a second . Krasic’s power was fully unleashed, and it was beyond everyone’s imagination . Every single one of his moves was filled with the power of nature, and everyone single one of his attacks was able to knock away Costakarta who was in his prime state . It felt like Krasic had hidden some of his strength in the previous battle .

“Die!” Krasic chopped down with Heavenly Sword as he shouted .

The terrifying power tore the space apart, and both Huntelaar and Lkunta got knocked away . Although both of them puked up blood, Lkunta got more severely injured as a deep wound appeared on his neck .

He was already terrified; his opponent who suddenly let out an unprecedented power shocked him to the maximum .

“Why is Krasic so power? If this continues, none of us can leave here alive!”

“Brother Amauri! We are not his match! Retreat!”

After Lkunta got struck again, the violent green energy rushed inside his body . He was no longer able to suppress that green energy, and he shouted at the newly appeared Moon-Class Elite, who was that mysterious assassin, as blood spurted out of the wounds on his body .

“Hahahaha, none of you can leave here today!” As if he was another person, Krasic was no longer calm and composed . With domination, he chased after his enemies mercilessly and was going to kill all four Moon-Class Elites .



* * *





Chapter 357




Chapter 357

Chapter 357: Battle on the Peak – End (1)

The four Moon-Class Elites dashed away and were ready to escape . The sudden explosion of power from Krasic destroyed their confidence; they felt like they would be killed if they stayed here longer .

However, Krasic didn’t give them the chance .

After another hand sign, green dashes of sword energy chased after them like meteors .

Puff…… .

“Ah……”

Amauri and Costakarta both tried to defend against the sword energies, but they were blown away heavily by the terrifying power within the green sword energies . Like birds that got shot, the two of them fell from the sky and smashed onto the ground, creating clouds of dust .

At the same time, two huge rocks that weighed 1000 pounds each were hit by the body of Heavenly Sword and flew towards Lkunta and Huntelaar who were escaping in another direction .

“Sh*t!”

“Open!”

The two Moon-Class Elites sensed the approaching danger, and their faces changed color . They knew that Krasic was trying to kill them with this strike, and they quickly turned around to block the rocks .

Boom!

A palm with a red energy flame and a sword with a silver energy flame collided with the rocks . As the booming noise sounded, the two rocks exploded into pieces . Like a fancy firework, the chipped rocks, clouds of dust, and colorful energy flames flew in all directions .

At this moment, two green sword energies dashed through the clouds of dust at an insane speed and pierced through the body of Lkunta and Huntelaar . Two flowers made from blood blossomed in the sky .

“Ah!”

Puf!!

After two noises sounded, the two Moon-Class Elites also fell down from the sky like two kites that were cut off from the kite lines .

“Ahahahahaha……” Krasic laughed heroically with the sword in his hand .

The Martial Saint of Zenit looked like a Demon Deity!

He was no longer quiet and composed . Instead, he looked haughty and dominating . As his powerful aura expanded more and more outward, his long and thick hair fluttered in the wind crazily . His face was completely covered by his hair, and only his eyes that were filled with chilliness and murderous spirits could be seen .

“Die!” The Martial Saint of Zenit shouted as he raised Heavenly Sword .

This sneer made the four Moon-Class Elites shiver as if they were electrocuted .

They were all severely injured; their combat abilities dropped dramatically, and the pain had numbed their nerves, slowing down their reaction speed .

Before they could do anything, Krasic had instantly appeared in front of Lkunta with the green energy flame, and Heavenly Sword slashed down mercilessly .

Whoosh!

One head flew into the sky .

There was a shocking expression on the face as if Lkunta still couldn’t believe what was happening the moment he was killed .

Before this battle, he thought this was a carefully planned Martial Saint Battle that could shock the continent and he was the protagonist . He didn’t think that his role would change so drastically at the last moment, turning from the protagonist to a dead man!

Bam!

Lkunta’s headless corpse fell onto the ground, and the broken corpse sent some specks of dust into the air as its last bit of effort .

A Moon-Class Elite died like that!

A Martial Saint of a level 1 empire died!

Normally, such a powerful warrior was looked up to by many and was rarely associated with death .

What just happened shocked a lot of people, and it was completely silent on the central sword peak .

Even the warriors of Zenit who hated Lkunta couldn’t believe what they just witnessed .

“The Martial Saint of Spartax who was so pressing these days really died?”

“Ah! Run! Quick!” Amauri’s hoarse and panicking scream broke the silence .

When he was defeated by Krasic on Moro Mountains, his confidence was cracked a little . He thought his confidence would be restored after killing Krasic and completing this operation, but Krasic’s suddenly unleash of power completely destroyed his confidence . After seeing his brother Lkunta die in front of him, he was terrified of Krasic and felt like he could never defeat this Martial Saint of Zenit .

Amauri’s mental collapse made Huntelaar and Costakarta lose the last bit of hope .

“Wuuuuuuuu……” a series of sharp howling sounded from Huntelaar, and it resonated in the sky .

Almost at the same instant, a series of wing-fluttering sound appeared . Under the silver moonlight, five huge shadows emerged; each of them was more than four meters long . As they dashed toward the central sword peak, they brought along a huge indescribable pressure; the pressure increased as they got closer .

“Griffins…… the Griffin Knights of the Jax Empire! The Rulers of the Sky!” someone shouted .

Surprised, Fei took a closer look .

The beasts that were charging down from the sky were special . They had the body of lions but the head and wings of eagles; their wingspan was more than 20 meters long . They wiggled their wolf-like tails as their wings reflected off a bronze light .

When they opened their beaks, it felt like the ear-piercing noise was able to change the direction of blood flow and rhythms of the heartbeat of humans . As they got closer to the peak, a huge wind was created by their wings . Heavy rocks were blown away by the wind, and the energies that some warriors of Zenit shot at them were dismantled before they could get to the Griffin Knights .

It was heard that the mature Griffins in the wild could advance into level 10 Demon Beasts just like the [Fire Destruction Bear] that Lkunta once had . However, the Griffins here today were domesticated by the Jax Empire . In order to better coordinate with humans, most of their wildness was stripped away . As a result, their strength also decreased; most of them were level 7 Demon Beasts, which was equivalent to Seven-Star Warriors .

These Griffins were intelligent . They clearly sensed the terrifying power of Krasic and kept their 1000-meter distance from the central sword peak; they weren’t willing to go down any further .

“Go!” Huntelaar jumped up and reached out his hand . As if he grabbed onto something, he pulled himself up in mid-air and got onto the back of a Griffin .

Amauri’s eyes lit up as he used the same method to get onto a Griffin .

Costakarta, on the other hand, quickly moved to aside and grabbed onto something before he did the same .

By now, the warriors of Zenit realized that there were thin ropes extending from the Griffins, and that allowed them to borrow force in mid-air .

At their peak state, the three Moon-Class Elites were capable of standing in mid-air with ease . Now, they were so injured that they couldn’t even jump up 1000 meters and had to rely on ropes to help them . Their situation was so bad that it was hard to describe .

“Chew……”

The Griffins let out a deep roar, and the ultrasonic waves made the warriors of Zenit dizzy; they couldn’t chase after the Griffins at all .

The Griffins, on the other hand, continued to fly up . Until they were high enough in the sky to dodge the huge magic shield of St . Petersburg and the attacks from the mages in the tall magic towers, they started moving away .

“Krasic! The three empires will come and avenge for today!”

“Hahaha, I know you are severely injured as well! Rest well! Next time we come, Zenit will be conquered, and your head will be hung on the gate of the Royal Palace in St . Petersburg!”

“Krasic! Since you can’t kill us all here, what happened to my brother Lkunta will happen to you! I swear in the name of Amauri!”

The shouts and threats of the three Moon-Class Elites sounded in the sky . It seemed like they knew that Krasic was injured and couldn’t chase after them, and they were a lot more relaxed . What happened today was too shameful; they had four Moon-Class Elites on their side, but they were still beaten to a great degree .

The Griffins got higher and higher; they were about to escape . Krasic didn’t move as he stood on the central sword peak, and Girano was lying by a huge rock and drinking the wine that was served by his four maids . It seemed like the two Moon-Class Elites didn’t want to chase, and the other warriors of Zenit didn’t have the ability to chase .

Just as the three of them were about to escape, changes occurred –

“Where do you think this is? Is my St . Petersburg that easy to come and go from?”

A majestic and undoubtedly voice sounded from the Royal Palace that was far away . As this voice sounded, an undescribed energy appeared as numerous dashes of golden lights appeared in the sky .

As everyone took a better look, they were all shocked! Those weren’t golden lights but golden dragon! Each of the golden dragons was 10 meters long, and they had golden scales and majestic appearance . As huge pressure appeared in the area, these golden dragons quickly caught up to the Griffins at an insane speed .

The so-called Rulers of the Sky were defenseless in front of these golden dragons . In just one second, the Griffins were separated into pieces, and blood, fleshes, and bones fell down from the sky .



* * *





Chapter 358




Chapter 358

Chapter 358: Battle on the Peak – End (2)

(* Support the translators and read on Noodletown Translations for free as soon as the chapters come out!)

A few surprised shouts also sounded as a few figures fells down alongside the corpses of the Griffins . Some people on the Griffins fell from the sky in a controlled manner, and the only people who had this level of strength were Moon-Class Elites like Huntelaar . They managed to escape into darkness, but they were still inside St . Petersburg .

At this moment, no one paid attention to them; all of the attention was on the golden dragons that flew out of the Royal Palace . That majestic presence and the terrifying power shocked all the warriors of Zenit; some weaker warriors were all forced to kneel on the ground .

That dominating presence made all the warriors of Zenit wanting to worship it .

When most people woke up from the shock, the golden dragons already turned into golden light dots that were dispersing into the air like fireflies . Soon, everything disappeared, it felt like everyone was in a dream . However, that dominating presence was still in the air despite the fact that the golden dragons disappeared .

“That is…… [Dragon Fist]?” Someone murmured so lightly that it felt like he was talking in his sleep .

Fei was shocked! He turned around and looked at the direction of the voice . It was the eldest person in the Holy Church’s group . On his wrinkly face, the shock couldn’t be hidden . In fact, there was a slight sense of respect and fear .

Dragon Fist!

Dragon Fist!!

Dragon Fist!!!

These two words brought everyone a lot of shocks . It was more shocking than the golden dragons in the sky .

Everyone knew what these two words meant! Everyone knew who these two words represented!

It was an unparalleled legend! That was a miracle and the legend of a lord!

Emperor Yassin!

For the last 26 years, Yassin who created and mastered Sub-Sun-Class Combat Technique [Dragon Fist] was the pride of the Zenit Empire and the nightmare of the Spartax Empire .

For the last while, the news about the illness and the potential downfall of Emperor Yassin was spreading around the region, and his lack of appearance during the affiliated kingdom competition seemed to have proved this rumor .

However, [Dragon Fist] showed its fangs!

What did this represent?

Emperor Yassin wasn’t as ill as people had been talking about?

It felt like Krasic couldn’t even defend against the power and the domination contained in the golden dragons…… How could an ill and dying person achieve something like this?

Almost all the warriors of Zenit wanted to roar and express their emotions .

“Emperor Yassin is fine!” This news was very exciting for everyone at the central sword peak . If Emperor Yassin was fine, the Zenit Empire would never have been invaded .

This emperor was able to protect and stabilize the empire with only his fists .

No one could challenge the majesty of Emperor Yassin, just like how no one could defend against [Dragon Fist] .

Everyone believed that the Spartax Empire would immediately order their troops to retreat as soon as the news about Emperor Yassin’s healthy condition got out!

“Puff…… !!!”

Just as everyone was still mesmerized by the magnificence of [Dragon Fist], a sudden change occurred .

A blood spurting noise sounded, and Fei immediately froze after he looked at the direction of the noise . Krasic’s body started to shake as blood sprayed out of his mouth like a fountain, and blood also spurted out of the deep wound caused by Huntelaar on his right chest .

“Elder!” Fei rushed over and held onto Krasic who was about to fall down .

At this moment, Krasic was completely covered in blood .

Fei discovered something terrifying! It seemed like blood was leaking out of every pore on Krasic’s body! This was the symptom of a heavy injury as all the bones and fleshes in Krasic’s body were crushed by a huge pressure . Fei’s mind went blank! Krasic was way more injured than it seemed .

“Ah, Mr . Martial Saint!”

“Mr . Krasic…… You…… you are injured?”

All the warriors of Zenit shouted and gasped . None of them expected that Krasic who killed Lkunta and chased away the other three Moon-Class Elites was so severely injured . They all wanted to rush over to help .

At this moment –

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

30 to 40 people jumped in front of them from nowhere and blocked their paths . These men were all wearing brown robes and carried long swords on their backs . With solemn expressions on their faces, they all circled around Krasic . The leading person was very young, and he wasn’t handsome . However, his shiny eyes and sharp eyebrows made him look very special . He looked a little haughty and lonely like [One Sword], but he was a lot warmer and friendly .

“Misters and Misses, please stop here . ” This man was very polite, but he stopped everyone from moving up .

Although the people were worried about the Martial Saint of Zenit and his injuries, they listened and moved to aside .

It was clear that these people who just appeared were all from the Martial Saint Mountain . In other words, they were all probably Krasic’s disciples . Although these people had no official positions, they couldn’t be looked down at . On Martial Saint Mountain, even a servant couldn’t be underestimated .

All the warriors from Martial Saint Mountain circled around Krasic and blocked everyone . However, they didn’t stop Fei . Rather, it felt like they respected Fei greatly as they looked at him with admiration . With great understanding and coordination, these people blocked other people’s vision and even somehow blocked all the sounds coming from Krasic and Fei .

“Ah, life is like a dream…… 10,000 years is too long, I only want to fight for today and tomorrow!”

After Girano chugged the wine in the golden cup, he sighed as he hugged onto the four maids . After a surge of magic energy, these five people disappeared . Girano was the only Moon-Class Elite who kept his strength, and he was able to come and leave with ease .

“Why can he stay beside Mr . Martial Saint?” among the people, the Fourth Prince Chrystal pointed at Fei and asked with resentment .

No one answered him .

The warriors from the Martial Saint Mountain didn’t even look at Chrystal as they completely ignored him, and a disdainful smile appeared on that leading young man’s face .

“Let’s go!” Elder Princess Tanasha said as she looked at Krasic and Fei who were both behind all these warriors from Martial Saint Mountain . She waved her hand and left with Ziene and her supporters who were still looking at Fei .

“Let’s go as well,” the Second Prince Dominguez and Paris looked at each other and left with their supporters .

Observant people clearly found that some master warriors from the affiliated kingdoms already took a stance . Some of them left with Tanasha, and some of them left with Dominguez and Paris .

……

Fei was holding onto Krasic tightly . The aura of this Martial Saint was weakening by the second, and Fei could even clearly sense how the strong vitality of a Moon-Class Elite was quickly leaking out of Krasic’s body like water in a bottomless bottle; it was very cruel .

Fei took out a bottle of [Full Rejuvenation Potion] from his storage space and he poured it into Krasic’s mouth despite the fact that Krasic was trying to stop him; Krasic was too weak to actually stop Fei .

However, the effect of [Full Rejuvenation Potion] wasn’t as good as Fei expected .

Even though a Moon-Class Elite was powerful and a bottle of [Full Rejuvenation Potion] couldn’t heal all injuries, it should at least stop the bleeding . Strangely enough, it felt like this potion was useless; life energy was still escaping from Krasic’s body at a fast speed .

“Cough…… Don’t waste such a precious potion . My injuries…… even the gods couldn’t heal me……” Krasic coughed as he shook his head, “My heart…… heart……”

Krasic stated a fact that made Fei’s mind go blank .

(* Support the translators and read on Noodletown Translations for free as soon as the chapters come out!)



* * *





Chapter 359




Chapter 359

Chapter 359: Battle on the Peak – Flying Dust

(* Support the translators and read on Noodletown Translations for free as soon as the chapters come out!)

Krasic was very special as his heart was located on the right side of his chest . Therefore, his heart was actually destroyed by Huntelaar’s sneak attack already .

Even though a Moon-Class Elite was powerful, he or she would die if they lost their hearts .

Then, Fei quickly discovered why Krasic was able to unleash so much power and defeat the four Moon-Class Elites after his heart got destroyed – there were four spikes made from green magic crystals that deeply penetrated Krasic’s thin body .

“Energy Channel Radical Revival Forbidden Technique?”

Fei was deeply saddened .

[Energy Channel Radical Revival Forbidden Technique] was a forbidden technique that genius Emperor Yassin created . Fei read about this technique as it was written in one of the notes written by Yassin that Krasic brought him, and he clearly knew the requirements and consequences of using a technique like this .

This forbidden technique would use a self-destructive method to stimulate the four main energy channels inside one’s body, and that would allow the person to use warrior energy that was several times more powerful than his or her own . However, the consequences were huge . Even a person who wasn’t injured couldn’t even live pass one hour after using the technique .

“So this is how Krasic suddenly got so powerful and defeated the four Moon-Class Elites on his own…… He used his last bit of life energy to cast [Energy Channel Radical Revival Forbidden Technique], and he used his life to protect the dignity of the empire . Even if Krasic isn’t as injured, he couldn’t live more than one hour……” Fei was moved .

He felt very hopeless and powerless .

He hadn’t felt this powerless ever since he came to Azeroth Continent . He thought he had Diablo World and he was able to manage everything . That was very close to the truth as most of the dangers he faced were completely resolved by him . Even when he was being assassinated by Amauri who was a Moon-Class Elite, he was able to escape . But this time……

Fei recalled all his techniques and items . [Health Potion], [Mana Potion], [Full Rejuvenation Potion], [Hulk Potion], [Fake Death Potion], [Town Portal Scroll], [Identification Scroll] …… it seemed like he didn’t have anything that could revive a dead person .

He did remember that mercenaries were able to be revived in the actual Diablo Game if they were killed, but Fei had never tried it in Diablo World and didn’t know how to trigger and use this Resurrection System .

“I have to give it a try, I have to find the Resurrection System in Diablo World . I must…… I must……” As if he was crazy, he murmured to himself quickly as sweat dripped down from his head . He cared too much, and that was why his thoughts were all over the place . He was trying to find a way to save Krasic, and he was going to open a portal to Diablo World and ask Akara and Cain for help .

At this moment, it seemed like Krasic suddenly got well . His eyes got shiny again, and the wounds stopped bleeding . He sat up, and a smile appeared on his serious face as if he thought of something beautiful . He looked at the bright stars in the nightly sky and murmured, “Have two bottles of wine during troubled times and meet up for a game of chess……” (Chinese poem)

“Elder, your injuries……” Fei was worried about Krasic’s condition, and he interrupted Krasic who was thinking back to something .

Krasic lowered his head and looked at Fei as he said, “You read about [Energy Channel Radical Revival Forbidden Technique] before, and I’m sure you know the consequences,” the smile was still on his face, and it felt like he was relieved from a huge burden .

Fei nodded as he felt like crying .

“My mission…… is accomplished……” Krasic stood up . Although he staggered a little, his back was straight . He slowly walked forward and signaled Fei to follow up . He said, “I know you have a lot of questions, but I don’t have much time to explain everything to you . ”

“I may be able to heal you, I……” Fei was really anxious . He was no longer the king who was dominating and looked like he had everything under his control; at this moment, he looked like a helpless child in front of Krasic .

Krasic shook his head and rejected Fei’s offer .

After seeing Krasic stagger again, Fei quickly walked up and held onto Krasic’s shoulders . Krasic tried to get away, but he was too weak to do so . After a short moment of pause, he sighed and said, “I didn’t think that I, Krasic, would be propped up by people twice in my 40-year life . ”

The two of them traveled very slow, but the top of the central sword peak wasn’t that big . They arrived at the edge of the cliff in a few moments .

The mountain wind blew, and the chilly air made Fei feel very lonely and sad . Krasic’s long hair fluttered in the wind, and he was no longer dominating nor overbearing like he was a moment ago . He no longer looked like a Martial Saint but an ordinary elder on the street . When the cold wind blew on him, Fei could even tell that the thin body was shaking .

This discovery made Fei even sadder . It was so painful that it made Fei feel like his own parents were dying .

“After tonight, there won’t be a Martial Saint of Zenit . ” Krasic looked at the dark skyline and said . It wasn’t even midnight yet, and the dawn was still some time away .

“Spartax won’t have a Martial Saint either . ” Fei thought back to the Martial Saint Battle, and the faces of Huntelaar, Costakarta, and Amauri each flashed by in his head . With a murderous spirit, he pointed at the sky and said forcefully, “Jax, Eindhoven, and Spartax! I will wipe you off the continent one day!”

“Hatred is much easier to acquire compared to responsibility . Alexander, do you still remember what I said to you last time?” Krasic asked .

“I remember, Elder . You said that I’m very similar to Emperor Yassin His Majesty, and you said that you don’t want me to become someone like him as well . You told me to remember that the core and the essence of power is to protect and guard the people and the things that I love……” Fei replied .

Krasic nodded and continued, “I don’t want to change your mind . I don’t mind if you want to avenge for me, but I hope you won’t avenge for me if you found out about another truth . ”

“Another truth?”

Krasic nodded .

Fei gave it some thought and felt like he understood something . He seemed to have grasped onto something and realized something .

“If Zenit is really going to collapse, I hope you can shield the citizens of the empire and help them to avoid the blades of the enemies……” Krasic suddenly thought of something and added .

“Who dares to challenge Zenit when Emperor Yassin His Majesty is fine?” Fei thought about the power of the [Dragon Fist] today and felt like the Zenit Empire would never be in trouble with an emperor like that .

“Do you have a grudge against Yassin? Are you thinking that he could instantly kill people like Lkunta so I don’t have to die?” Krasic seemed to have understood the deeper meaning behind Fei’s words and explained, “That was because he has enough reasons to not to do so . ”

Fei was silent after hearing that .

“Ah, Tanasha…… Although she is a talented kid, she is so ill and she is a girl . Too bad that only she can inherit his heritage…… Too bad……” Krasic suddenly thought of something else and sighed again .

“The Elder Princess is a good friend of mine . If she needs me, I will protect her with all my ability . ” Fei understood what Krasic was trying to say . The Elder Princess was one of the only few friends Fei had in this world, and Fei would definitely help her if she was in need . However, Fei understood the deeper meaning behind Krasic’s words, and he felt even more grateful .

“Ever since I known you, I knew that you would become a bright miracle . Too bad that I couldn’t see it for myself when you dominate the continent……” Krasic looked up at the stars in the sky and said in an unprecedented relaxing tone, “I haven’t enjoyed this scenery with this relaxed mindset for so long . Just look at how beautiful the stars are!”

Before Fei could respond, he looked at Fei and laughed, “From now on, nothing can restraint me, and I don’t owe anybody anything!”

As another wind blew by, Krasic’s thin body quickly deteriorated . His face aged at an insane speed . He quickly turned into an elder who had a lot of wrinkles . Then, his skin lost its glow and dried…… Lastly, his body started to break down into dust and fly away .

Like a sand statue, he was gone a little by little until he disappeared in the cold wind .

The body of the Martial Saint of Zenit spread across the land he protected for 26 years .

His ashes got on the houses, white defense wall, black soil, great mountains, running rivers…… . and the entire Zenit Empire!

Fei watched everything quietly . He knew this was the terrifying aftereffect of the [Energy Channel Radical Revival Forbidden Technique] . Until Krasic’s body completely broke away, Fei suddenly recalled something this elder had said – After tonight, there won’t be a Martial Saint of Zenit .



* * *





Chapter 360




Chapter 360

Chapter 360: Before the Storm

Fei stood on the central sword peak and glanced down at St . Petersburg; the light dots in the city looked like the stars . When these light dots connected with the actual stars in the sky, they created a very beautiful image .

Krasic’s body turned into dust, and the wind helped him to cover the land of Zenit .

The way he ended his life was just as earnest as how he served the people of Zenit . Ever since he was known to the people of Zenit, he had been serving them . Didn’t matter if it was the rebellion incident 26 years ago or how he lived on Martial Saint Mountain quietly for the last 20 years, they all showed how much he loved his country Zenit .

Perhaps everyone knew that the Martial Saint Battle tonight would determine the future of the empire, and every household in St . Petersburg was awake . St . Petersburg was very bright, and even the camp area outside the Capital was lit .

Would these people know that a Martial Saint died for them on the central sword peak?

Fei vaguely heard the cheers coming from the bottom of the mountain, and a smirk that he didn’t even understand appeared on his face . “Are they cheering for Emperor Yassin who just showcased his powerful [Dragon Fist]? Do they even know that a real Martial Saint died at this moment?”

Soon, the king got rid of his negative emotions .

“The three of them were knocked off of the Griffins by the [Dragon Fist], and they are now still in St . Petersburg . They must be still alive as they are Moon-Class Elites, and they are hiding somewhere now…… I will find them! And I will kill each one of them!”

Fei looked down at the four 10-centimeter green spikes in his hands; these were the items that Krasic used to cast [Energy Channel Radical Revival Forbidden Technique] . After Krasic’s body turned into dust, these four spikes remained .

“I will fu*king push these spikes through the hearts of Huntelaar, Costakarta, and Amauri!…… I will penetrate the hearts of the royals of the Jax Empire, Eindhoven Empire, and Spartax Empire! I will make them pay for what they did!”

Fei looked at the sky and shouted .

“When I master my warrior’s cultivation path, no war nor tragedy shall fall on places where Krasic’s ashes have covered!”

……

Fei went back to the entrance of the central sword peak, and he completely calmed down; no sadness nor anger could be seen on his face .

Except for the 40 warriors from Martial Saint Mountain, there were still some master warriors from the affiliated kingdoms .

There were 25 master warriors from the affiliated kingdoms who got the opportunity to watch this Martial Saint Battle . However, two of them weren’t able to make it since they couldn’t get through the chain bridges, two of them died in the battle with the warriors from Spartax, and six of them decided to join either Arshavin or Dominguez’s side . Right now, there were only 15 of them left .

Most of them were warriors who made it into the top 10; there were warriors like [Silver Armored Vicious Sword], beautiful Magic Princess Cindy, and [Wind Fire Dual Warriors] .

They were all saddened by the fact that the Martial Saint didn’t return with Fei .

They already guessed the result when they saw Krasic stagger and bleed that much . However, they were still very disappointed by the fact that their guesses came true . Perhaps as members of affiliated kingdoms, they could sense the importance of the Martial Saint in first hand; without Krasic on Martial Saint Mountain, many affiliated kingdoms would have started wars against each other .

“Your Majesty!” After seeing Fei’s return, the 40 warriors from Martial Saint Mountain all single-kneeled down and said, “We will follow the order of the Martial Saint, and we will be under your command!”

Fei was a little surprised, but he soon understood the situation .

This was probably something Krasic arranged before the Martial Saint Battle .

This was the reason why Krasic said that there won’t be a Martial Saint of Zenit after tonight . In fact, Martial Saint Mountain would even be deserted from now on; no trace of Krasic would be left!

Among the 40 warriors, the most powerful person was the average-looking young man . Surprisingly, Fei realized that this man’s strength was at the peak of Seven-Star . This man was very young, and he was a much more talented genius compared to [One Sword] and Magic Princess Cindy . All other 39 warriors were between Four-Star and Six-Star; there were four Six-Star Warriors among them .

These warriors combined was a powerful and terrifying force in Zenit .

Never in Fei’s dreams would he thought that Krasic would pass such a force into his hands . What would Emperor Yassin and other big families think after they knew that Fei was in control of such a force that could threaten the peace of the empire?

Fei didn’t care . As someone who would lick the popsicle stick more than ten times after eating the popsicle, he would never reject such a generous gift . Since this was arranged by Krasic, Fei didn’t think that there was a trick behind this, and he didn’t doubt the loyalty of these people at all . After all, Krasic was the Martial Saint who resided on Martial Saint Mountain for the last 26 years, and he was definitely able to take care of all the little problems .

Because Fei completely trusted Krasic, he completely trusted these 40 warriors from Martial Saint Mountain .

This incident made all the master warriors who weren’t from Chambord a little scared .

In their minds, the king of Chambord was already powerful enough . In the battle today, King Alexander battled with Costakarta, who was a powerful Moon-Class Elite, for more than ten minutes, and he wasn’t even in a disadvantage . In comparison, masters like Magic Princess Cindy, [One Sword], and Shevchenko couldn’t even help in that situation; the residual energy that leaked out of the battle between Fei and Costakarta would injure them severely!

If some people thought that Fei became the champion in the competition because the semi-final between Shevchenko and [One Sword] was too ferocious and made them lost a lot of strength beforehand, it at least made some sense . But after seeing this battle, only idiots would think that way now . After tonight, even the haughty [One Sword] had to admit that the king of Chambord was too far ahead of them . It would be a joke to say that they could rival with the king of Chambord; they couldn’t even see his back on the path of cultivation since he was so far away .

For a moment, only the master warriors from the other affiliated kingdoms knew how inferior and lonely they felt .

Everyone knew that the king of Chambord was way too powerful now . After he got the 40 warriors from Martial Saint Mountain, he was on the same level as Arshavin and Dominguez; he was only a little bit inferior to Emperor Yassin . From now on, the situation at Zenit could change just because an idea popped up in the king of Chambord’s head .

“Let’s go!”

Fei said after he turned around and took a good look at the relics and the stone pillar that got destroyed . He memorized this scene, and he walked down the path without looking back .

……

When the golden sun climbed above the Moro Mountains that was quite far away and spread the sunshine across the land, the new day began .

After the cold winter night passed, everyone in the Capital knew what happened on Martial Saint Mountain last night .

No . 1 Swordsman Huntelaar from the Jax Empire sneak-attacked Martial Saint Krasic!

No . 1 General Costakarta from the Eindhoven Empire lost his honor and participated in the dirty trap designed to kill Martial Saint Krasic!

A Moon-Class Elite from the Spartax Empire sneaked into Zenit and tried to assassinate Martial Saint Krasic!

The king of Chambord battled with a Moon-Class Elite!

Martial Saint Krasic battle against the four Moon-Class Elites…… Martial Saint Krasic killed Martial Saint Lkunta, and he defeated Huntelaar, Costakarta, and Amauri afterward…… Martial Saint Krasic was severely injured as well and passed away!

Emperor Yassin was infuriated and used [Dragon Fist] in the Royal Palace . He knocked the three Moon-Class Elites who wanted to escape off their Griffins!

All kinds of news spread around the Capital and completely recreated the storyline .

Originally, Fei thought that the Martial Saint Battle involved confidential information and the officials would try to cover it up . To his surprise, the news got around really fast! Although everyone was curious and paid a lot of attention to this battle, Fei was sure that the officials at Zenit helped with the spreading of the information .

“Why would the officials want to disclose such matter to the public? There is a lot of confidential information tied to this……” Fei thought .

The current situation for Zenit was bad . In the southern regions of Zenit, [Zenit’s God of War] Arshavin was still battling with the invaders . After a few successful battles and just as Arshavin was about to push all the invaders out of Zenit’s territory, the Spartax Empire sent out their best general – Marchisio . This man stopped the losing streaks of Spartax and gradually evened out the record .



* * *





Chapter 361




Chapter 361

Publicizing what happened on Martial Saint Mountain was equal to declaring wars against the Jax Empire and the Eindhoven Empire .

As soon as Huntelaar and Costakarta decided to assassinate Martial Saint Krasic, it meant that two more wars were here . Even if Zenit knew that declaring two more wars could bring destruction, the empire had to do so!

This was the iron law of the Azeroth Continent . By sneak-attacking your Martial Saint, it meant that those two empires had already declared war against you!

If Zenit decided to hold back, the empire would be a laughingstock in the eyes of the entire continent!

Fei thought that the Elder Princess was really intelligent and she would definitely try to keep this incident from the public temporarily . It seemed like the best idea was to finish the war with the Spartax Empire in the south first before declaring wars against the Jax Empire and the Eindhoven Empire . After all, it was way too hard for Zenit to battle against three empires at the same time…… No one expected that things would escalate to this degree!

“Is the era of chaos here?”

“What are the officials of Zenit thinking about?”

Fei felt like he no longer understood the situation .

However, his guesses came true .

After less than one hour, the strangely quiet yet anxious atmosphere in St . Petersburg was disrupted .

Clip-clop, clip-clop, clip-clop!

The siren on the gates of St . Petersburg sounded, and several messengers rushed out of the Capital with the protection of two dozen black-armored cavaliers . These messengers were heading to all the regions of Zenit and announcing that Zenit was declaring wars against the Jax Empire and the Eindhoven Empire!

Wars were here!

Emotional warriors of Zenit could be seen everywhere, and even the ordinary citizens of Zenit were excited and a little anxious; the death of Krasic had stimulated their unyielding genes .

When in face of danger, even a weak rabbit dared to fight with a strong lion . Although the Zenit Empire was weak compared to the three empires combined, the people of Zenit didn’t lack the will to fight .

Since Krasic resided on Martial Saint Mountain for the last 26 years, everyone at Zenit felt the benefit he brought . All the respect and love the people of Zenit had towards the Martial Saint of Zenit were converted into anger, and there were a lot of warriors who were wearing black hairbands; that was a way to pay respect to Krasic . These people all circled the military headquarter and wanted the military to directly attack the Capitals of the Eindhoven Empire and the Jax Empire!

Everyone was in a state of frenzied .

Fei saw a type of dangerous and triggered expression on the people’s faces .

It seemed like the entire empire was walking on a dangerous path and was losing control .

This might be planned from the beginning . Fei smelled a sense of craze from what was happening, especially after the large military conscription .

At noon, Fei got summoned by the Royal Family of Zenit .

(* Support the translators and read on Noodletown Translations for free as soon as the chapters come out!)

……

St . Petersburg .

Residential Region .

Inside the building that Lkunta from the Spartax Empire stayed in .

Three people were sitting in the main hall that was very messy, and they looked at each other as they appeared very frightened . Who could have thought that they were all powerful warriors from their scared and anxious expressions?

These three warriors were No . 1 General of the Eindhoven Empire Costakarta, No . 1 Swordsman of the Jax Empire Huntaleer, and the Moon-Class Elite from the Spartax Empire Amauri .

They thought they would be able to escape from St . Petersburg after they got onto the Griffins, but they were all knocked down from the sky by that person . They were originally severely injured, and falling down from the sky increased the severity even more . If they weren’t aware of their surroundings and weren’t smart individuals, they would have been found by the warriors and soldiers of Zenit .

“Who could have thought that person is still able to strike? Could it be that the news about his old injuries worsening is fake?” Huntelaar was very frightened by the golden dragons he saw last night .

Currently, the No . 1 Swordsman from the Jax Empire had a lot of blood on him . His right arm that was broken from the high-fall was already recovered, but all the wounds on his body were still not healed as he couldn’t get rid of the terrifying green energy in his body .

“If that man is fine, then the plan we worked on for so many years is useless . ” Amauri was also very injured . A huge wound stretched from his shoulder to his abdomen, and blood was still flowing out as the green energy was still visible on the wound . After all, this injury was caused by Heavenly Sword as well .

“It is not that bad . ” Costakarta who was silent for a long time suddenly spoke, “If he is fine, we probably would have been killed last night . Who can live under [Dragon Fist] that was cast with full strength? Since he didn’t kill us, it means that he is weak and might die at any second . ”

“Right!” Huntelaar’s and Amauri’s eyes lit up after they heard that .

They both were powerful figure and were very intelligent . In normal circumstances, they would have seen through everything . However, that man’s fame was as bright as the sun, and no genius was able to stand up against him . The two of them were terrified of that man, and they were in a state of unease after they saw [Dragon Fist] . That was why they didn’t think everything through .

“We prepared for so many years and spent numerous money and resources . More than 10,000 people from more than 10 empires sacrificed their lives, and we got more than 10,000 messages from them after they sneaked into the Royal Palace of Zenit . After more than 1,000 operations and 10,000 tests, we are sure that he couldn’t live any longer . Right now, he is close to dying! A dragon without its claws and teeth is not scary . This operation failed because we didn’t expect the St . Germain Empire to betray the agreement that we had . ” Costakarta collected his thoughts and continued, “To some degree, this operation isn’t a complete failure . Although I’m not sure how Krasic got so powerful, I’m sure that it cost him dearly! He was already severely injured before the battle, and he won’t be able to recover for four to five years even if he didn’t die!”

“That is true . ” Confidence reappeared on Huntelaar’s face, “With injuries to that severity, he couldn’t recover in a short time even if the Moon-Class Elite Priests from the Holy Church help him . Since the relationship between Zenit and the Holy Church is this hostile, I’m sure he will get no help . Hahaha! Zenit is like a coyote that lost its claws; it is no longer a threat . ”

Amauri nodded as he heard that .

Costakarta lightly let go of his breath .

He said all that because he wanted to calm down Huntelaar and Amauri and alleviate some of their stress . Since they were all stuck at St . Petersburg and lost more than half of their strength, they could be found if they weren’t careful; if that happened, they would lose a layer of their skins even if they didn’t die . At a critical time like this, they needed to be calmer and more patient .

This was the big difference between real generals and powerful warriors .

After some thoughts, Costakarta continued, “However, we need to pay more attention to that young man who used green and red dual swords . He is able to last more than 10 minutes when battling me, and he looks like he is in his twenties! That is shocking! I saw a similar level of talent in him compared to that man! We have to kill him soon, or he would become a huge issue for us in the future!”

“You mean King Alexander?” Amauri nodded and said, “That little king deserves our attention . He had killed the No . 1 Executioner of Spartax before, and I tried to assassinate him after seeing his talent . Too bad that he escaped in time and my appearance attracted Krasic!”

Both Amauri and Costakarta fought with Fei before, and they didn’t dare to underestimate the strength of this young king .

However, Huntelaar didn’t think so . This No . 1 Swordsman of the Jax Empire was very haughty, and he sneered and replied with an arrogant expression, “Humph! He is only a small king of an affiliated kingdom . Is he worthy of our attention? I can just kill him after I recover!”

Amauri and Costakarta looked at each other and didn’t say anything else . They knew it was useless trying to convince this swordsman, and arguing would only cause trouble for them since they were in such a dangerous situation .

At this time, some noises sounded inside the building .

The three men tensed up .

“Don’t worry, it is Lanji . ” Costakarta listened carefully to the noise, and he was relieved instantly .

Soon, a series of footsteps sounded, and a pretty figure walked into the hall . This young girl was wearing a normal Zenit style female robe, and her long black hair was tied together by a white floral band . Her skin tone was dark, and her muscles made her look explosive yet wildly beautiful .

She was carrying a cheap food box made from tree branches in her arms, and Fei would have immediately recognized her if he was here . This girl was the female guard who was saved from Fei’s blades by Costakarta last night .

“Father . ” The young girl saluted Costakarta first, and she then looked at the other two Moon-Class Elites and said, “Two misters, I went and bought some food . You guys can eat first . ”

The delicious smell of food instantly filled the hall .

“Are there any good news?” Costakarta asked as he ate and restored his stamina .

“Everything is clear . The officials of Zenit didn’t hide anything, and what happened on Martial Saint Mountain is known publicly . There is a very good news!” The girl paused for a second before she said, “Not long after we left, Martial Saint Krasic died from the severe injuries!”



* * *





Chapter 362




Chapter 362

Chapter 362: Battle Zone No . 1 Commander

“He…… died?” Costakarta was so shocked that the roasted rib in his hand almost fell onto the ground .

“How is that possible? Could it be the fake news Zenit created to fool us?” Amauri couldn’t believe it either . The Martial Saint of Zenit defeated them easily last night, and it seemed unlikely that Krasic would die right after that . “How could a dying person manage to use so much force last night?” he thought .

“That information shouldn’t be wrong . I didn’t use our own intelligence network at St . Petersburg . Everyone at the Capital of Zenit knows about it, and they are all emotional . At the same time, the news about Lkunta being killed by Krasic is also being passed around!” Lanji continued as she thought about everything in a calm manner, “Also, Zenit declared wars against the Jax Empire and the Eindhoven Empire!”

It was completely silent in the hall after Lanji finished speaking .

The three Moon-Class Elites were thinking about the possibilities behind each of the news .

“When something is strange, something is typically wrong . How dare Zenit start wars with three empires at the same time? Do they have secret trump cards that we don’t know about? Since Krasic is dead and that man is half-dead, who can protect Zenit?” Amauri murmured as he carefully swallowed the food; he tried his best to not move the muscles around the huge wound on the front of his body .

“Did you forget about the St . Germain Empire?” Costakarta shook his head . As a famous general, he was able to have a clearer view of the bigger picture . “That bastard Girano dared to attack us on the central sword peak, so it is obvious that Emperor Blank of the St . Germain Empire is behind this . Since the St . Germain already betrayed the agreement between the seven empires, how can we be sure that Zenit doesn’t any other allies?”

“You are right . We can’t be sure that St . Germain is the only empire out of the seven empires who betrayed us . The honor of our agreement is already forgotten by some shameless bastards!” the No . 1 Swordsman from the Jax Empire suddenly sneered as he continued to devour the food .

Costakarta and Amauri were frightened by what Huntelaar said, but they both nodded subconsciously .

What Huntelaar said was indeed reasonable . That man they fear was really good at planning, and that man would never engage in a war that he wasn’t prepared for . Even if his heart stopped pumping, he would have set up numerous terrifying traps to destroy his opponents .

It was a nightmare fighting against someone like that .

However, they had to stand against him . If they chose to compromise at a time like this, they would lose their empires, lost their loved ones, and lose their identities .

“The current situation is beyond our control . ” After Costakarta finished eating, he was getting ready to use his warrior energy to speed up his healing . “Since what happened last night is now known publicly, I’m sure that all the emperors would make decisions for the group . What we need to do now is to quickly heal up and leave St . Petersburg as soon as we can!”

In this plan that was prepared for more than 10 years, even Moon-Class Elites were only chess pieces in the hands of the emperors .

For a moment, Lkunta’s death made the three Moon-Class Elites very anxious . They were supposed to be masters who were worshipped by numerous warriors, but they were now only sacrifices that would initialize the bloody prologue of the era of chaos . None of them were sure that they could live to see the result of their hard work and dedication .

“Good idea . We need to recover fast and leave right away . ” Amauri and Huntelaar looked at each other and agreed to Costakarta’s idea .

A blue crystal-like magic wand was releasing dashes of blue lights in the building, and the auras of the three Moon-Class Elites were completely sealed by it . This God-tier magic wand was the key to their escape plan as it helped them “disappear” in the eyes of the warriors of Zenit by stopping others from sensing them .

The most dangerous place was the safest .

They were now hiding in where Lkunta lived before, and they were sure that no one would expect them to return here after the soldiers of Zenit searched the building .

With the help of Lanji who went back to the female appearance and was able to go out and buy food and gather information, these three Moon-Class Elites had some time to recover . Once they were well enough, they would be able to escape using the tunnels that were prepared ahead of time .

The person who actually called Fei to the Royal Palace was Tanasha, and that surprised Fei a little .

In the first palace at the entrance, Fei saw the [Goddess of Intelligence] Tanasha who was slowly enjoying her breakfast . When she saw Fei, she waved at him and signaled him to come over and eat with her .

Under the surprised glances of the maids and servants, Fei walked to the table and started to enjoy the food without hesitation .

Ever since he returned to Chambord’s campsite, he felt unprecedentedly tired and fatigued .

For the first time ever, he didn’t enter Diablo World to level up when he had gaming time . Rather, he slept with clothes on and his fiancée in his arms until the morning . After that, he patrolled the campsite, and he was summoned to the Royal Palace before he had the chance to eat breakfast . He was actually a little hungry right now .

A smile appeared on Tanasha’s face as her crystal blue eyes locked onto this man who was devouring the food without manners . For some reason, she would always feel relaxed when she was with him; it felt like the heavy burden on her shoulders was temporarily lifted when she was with him .

“If it wasn’t for the purple potion he gave me, I would be dead by now……”

The Elder Princess sighed as she thought about that . Although she was super intelligent in other people’s eyes, she would something wonder about random things as well . “Maybe death is much easier and is a better option……” as Tanasha was thinking about something, she suddenly recalled that her first time seeing Fei was also at a dining table .

“Did you find them?” After he wiped off the milk on his chin, Fei asked Tanasha without even looking up .

Tanasha obviously knew who Fei was referring to . Both Imperial Patrol and Royal Guards had searched the entire Capital including all the magic towers, but they weren’t able to find any traces of the three injured Moon-Class Elites . Like three water droplets that ended up in the ocean, they were nowhere to be found .

However, Tanasha wasn’t anxious . She smiled, “They would be found sooner or later . The Military Headquarter of Zenit had made plans, and another round of “dragnet-style” search is taking place . They could never make it out of St . Petersburg . ”

Fei laughed, “I know that you guys won’t find them this easily . Let me take care of it . ”

“You can find them?” Tanasha was a little surprised .

“Eh . ” Fei wiped his lips clean after eating, and he lied on the chair comfortably . He crossed his arms in front of his chest without worrying about his image and changed the subject, “So what is it that made you summon me this early in the morning?”

Tanasha placed the silverware on the table and stood up . She walked towards one side of the palace as she said, “You know that Zenit had declared wars against the Eindhoven Empire and the Jax Empire as well, right? Therefore, except for the southern battle zone, the Military Headquarter decided to create two more battle zones……”

(* Support the translators and read on Noodletown Translations for free as soon as the chapters come out!)

Whoosh!

Tanasha unveiled the huge square map that 10 meters long on each side by pulling off the big red cloth covering it .

Fei followed her and took a closer look .

This was a map of Zenit and the adjacent empires .

Zenit’s territory is in a rough trapezoid shape . Most of the eastern territory was along the ocean shore as [Shiver Ocean] was located next to Zenit . Spartax was to the south of Zenit, and a smart part of the southern border was connected with Eindhoven . To the west, there was Jax .

Chambord was on the northern end of Zenit . There was a huge area of mountains to the north of Chambord, and they were marked with the color grey; it felt very deserted and desolated .

Fei carefully read this map .

He compared it with the mysterious map he got from the Four-Star Mage Evans, and he realized except for the fact that the mysterious map about the mythical ruins was more ancient, most of the terrains recorded on it was similar to this map . There also weren’t any borderlines on the mysterious map, meaning that it was drawn before these empires were established .

This discovery made Fei believe the authenticity of the mysterious map that was about the mythical ruins even more .

“The Military Headquarter decided to open the second battle zone here and the third battle zone here……” Tanasha circled an area to the southwest and an area to the west with a red magic marker and said to Fei, “The wars are here, and no one can avoid them . In the original plan, [Wolf Teeth Legion] was supposed to head to the southern battle zone . Right now, I can try to get you an opportunity to choose which battle zone you want to go to . ” Tanasha smiled as she pointed at the areas that she circled .

“They trust me that much?” Fei sneered as he rubbed his chin . His eyes jumped between the two battle zones circled by the Elder Princess .



* * *





Chapter 363




Chapter 363

Chapter 363: Old Story

The Elder Princess was clear . Except for the southern battle zone [Zenit’s God of War], Arshavin, was in, one battle zone near the southwestern border that was connected with the Eindhoven Empire and one battle zone near the western border that was connected with the Jax Empire were being opened . Fei was able to choose one of them and take his [Wolf Teeth Legion] there .

Although No . 1 Commander of a battle zone sounded cool, Fei quickly sensed the intent behind the title .

“Does the Military Headquarter of Zenit really want me to battle against a level 2 Empire using only one legion? Aren’t they afraid of me losing and resulting in Zenit being conquered?”

Although Fei was saying that, he was already thinking about which battle zone he should choose . The king was sure that there was no way around it since Tanasha already told him this, and he had to make a decision .

“Emperor Yassin His Majesty and the ministers at the Military Headquarter all have trust in you . The name of [Sky Covering Fist] is already famous throughout the empire, and everyone knows that Chambord has a lot of powerful warriors . With the strong soldiers and top-tier equipment, Chambord is no doubt the No . 1 affiliated kingdom in Zenit . This is the perfect opportunity for you to earn military merits and advance the kingdom further……” Tanasha said .

Fei shook his head .

He looked at the huge map on the wall and had numerous thoughts in his head .

He replied, “Chambord still has too little accumulations, and I don’t want my loyal subjects to die for nothing . I’m a generous person, and I can give this perfect opportunity to someone else . ”

Tanasha observed Fei carefully, and she smiled and replied, “I’m afraid that is not possible . Haha, you are named No . 1 Commander of a battle zone by Emperor Yassin His Majesty, and all seven top generals at the Military Headquarter agreed . No one can change that . ” [Goddess of Intelligence] paused for a second and stared into Fei’s eyes . With a vague smile on her face, she continued, “I’m sure that this is something that Your Majesty is hoping for as well . ”

“Oh?” Fei laughed, “Why would I want that?”

“Because you want to avenge . ” A serious expression appeared on Tanasha’s face and she replied slowly .

“Avenge? For whom?” Fei was still playing dumb .

“That mysterious elder who is a fatherly figure to you . ” A bit of sadness flashed in Tanasha’s ocean-like eyes as she said, “You know who I am talking about, right?”

Fei fell into a moment of silence .

After a while, the king looked up and asked earnestly, “So you know everything?”

“Eh, I know . I know everything between you and him . ” Tanasha replied earnestly as well .

“How do you know?” Fei was a little curious .

Tanasha suddenly smiled, “Your Majesty, do you think you are the only talented genius who Mr . Martial Saint likes? You are too arrogant if you think that way . ”

Fei was a little surprised by the answer, but he then smiled as well .

He knew what was going on .

No wonder Krasic was still thinking about the future of Zenit’s Royal Family and especially Tanasha at the last moment of his life, and no wonder Krasic only left peacefully after he got Fei’s promise . It looked like the Martial Saint of Zenit gave just as much attention and care to Tanasha if not more compared to Fei .

No wonder the name of [Zenit’s Goddess of Intelligence] was known around the empire before Fei could make a name for himself .

It was natural when Tanasha was talented herself and she got the support of the Martial Saint . On top of that, her identity and fate were closely tied to the fate of Zenit, and she was born in the spotlight .

Fei felt like it wasn’t strange for Krasic to tell Tanasha about the relationship they had .

“Since you know about all this, can you tell me the truth behind this Martial Saint Battle?” Fei stared at this princess who was intelligent and calm in almost all situations and asked slowly .

Tanasha sighed .

It seemed like she sighed a lot more today compared to before .

“Alexander . ” Tanasha addressed Fei differently as she walked to the map and carefully caressed it . With a very quiet and murmur-like voice, she slowly said, “Let me tell you a story . ”

“Many years ago, an unparalleled genius was born on this land illustrated by this map .

Like a glamourous meteor, he stole lights away from all other geniuses .

He changed the landscape of this land using his own strength .

Although he started from the bottom, he created an invincible empire in a short time . He led his troops all around the land and was never defeated in battle . Didn’t matter how powerful his enemies were, they all crumbled and collapsed in front of him .

He was as bright as the sun in the sky . As soon as he raised his arm, numerous warriors were willing to die for him . Wherever he pointed with his swords, his cavaliers would conquer it for him .

Finally, his power and strength was fear by some of the most influential figures on this continent .

However, his pride didn’t allow him to back off and give up after he knew about the dangers .

Therefore, a shameless and despicable trap was created by multiple forces and higher-up powers . When he was in his prime, he encountered a terrifying opponent and suffered a destructive loss .

That loss made his powerful and vital body suffer from an almost unbearable amount of injuries .

From that point on, he fell from his prime to an all-time low . Those people who felt threatened by him were no longer worried, and that was how he was able to survive .

He had to endure the shame and aim for long-term survival . He started to lick his wounds and reflect on what happened as he waited for the opportunity for his second rise .

However, the injuries he suffered from were beyond his estimation .

After dozens of years, he still hadn’t recovered .

Although he still had control of a huge empire, the severe injuries made him have a hard time against the torturous pain and passage of time . The cruel passage of time and old injuries made him weaker and weaker, and his name was almost forgotten in the river of history . The long-term low-profile and long-term endurance made a lot of people believe that this unparalleled genius was a dying dragon who couldn’t even spurt out a fire . They all believed that he was going to die soon and couldn’t keep up with what was happening .

At this time, those who were defeated by him, those who lost their honor, and those who were despicable bugs started to make moves .

Hatred made them go crazy, and they couldn’t allow this unparalleled genius to die in peace .

They wanted to return the shame that he brought to them .

They thought this was the best time for the counterattack .

They spent 10 years patiently to make sure that he was as weak as the rumor had stated . They were so scared of him that they didn’t dare to make any moves even though they were 99 . 99% sure that he was very weak .

They couldn’t wait any longer .

They were terrified of him, and they weren’t sure if this unparalleled genius was going to make miracles again . They decided to eliminate the source of their fear, and they created a huge trap to kill him mercilessly .

The operation began .

Although he was very weak, they still didn’t’ dare to face him directly . Therefore, these poor souls decided to cut off his supporters and followers just like how they would cut off the wings and claws of a dragon when they try to capture and kill it .

In the last 10 years, 23 big characters who followed and supported this unparalleled genius disappeared for various reasons under various circumstances .

Finally, they targeted the person who they believed to be the most threatful, the person who they believed to be the biggest helper of that man . ”

(* Support the translators and read on Noodletown Translations for free as soon as the chapters come out!)

……

Tanasha suddenly stopped here and looked at Fei quietly .

This intelligent princess ended the story here with pride yet anger . She said, “I’m sure you understand it now, right?”

This was the first time that Fei heard her speak with personal emotions mixed in .

Fei nodded .

However, he asked again as he looked at the Elder Princess with a strange expression, “I know that . But I want to know why Martial Saint Krasic died at the central sword peak? How is that connected with Emperor Yassin’s backstory?”

Tanasha almost immediately understood Fei’s intention . She replied in surprise, “You are blaming Emperor Yassin? You think it is his fault for not sending powerful warriors to support Martial Saint Krasic last night? If that was the case, Krasic might not die…… But didn’t you know?”

“Know what?” Fei was confused .

“Didn’t you know what happened last night? [God’s Favourite Child] Mr . Kaka returned to the Capital last night, and he sent different people to visit all the Moon-Class Elites in St . Petersburg . Even Emperor Yassin had to meet with Mr . Kaka personally despite the fact that he was still ill . The Martial Saint Battle started when these meetings took place, and the Martial Saint Battle ended right after these people from the Holy Church left . ”

Fei frowned, “The Holy Church again?”



* * *





Chapter 364




Chapter 364

Chapter 364: Genius Diplomat

Fei thought back and recalled the 10 masters from the Holy Church who had the privilege of spectating the Martial Saint Battle . They were really cold on the central sword peak, and now it made sense . Paris had warned Fei before and told him not to get involved with the fight between the Holy Church and Zenit; she said that even Moon-Class Elites would be killed easily in it . Fei thought Paris was exaggerating, but now it seemed like a neutral advice .

“What is the real conflict between Zenit and the Holy Church?” Fei shook his head and stop thinking about that .

He could never understand the situation with his current status and power .

“The Holy Church is always dominating and calculative . Even Mr . Matt Razi was tied down by master warriors from the Holy Church, and Emperor Yassin His Majesty could only stop Amauri and others from escaping using Griffins near the end of the battle……” it seemed like Tanasha sensed Fei’s anger and frustration, and she explained what had happened to Fei patiently .

“What about you?” Fei noticed a bit of sadness in Tanasha’s eyes and suddenly asked, “Weren’t you able to turn it around?”

“There is a limit to what I can do . The Jax Empire was not one of the seven empires who entered the agreement, and Huntelaar was supposed to be one of our trump cards . But who knew that he was the person who sneaked attacked and severely injured Uncle Krasic . With Girano and Huntelaar present, I thought Uncle Krasic won’t be in danger on the central sword peak…… I can’t control everything…… In front of real power, strategies and plans are too weak!” Tanasha sighed for the third time .

“So that is why! That ape-like Huntelaar is a traitor!”

Fei understood what happened now .

No wonder Huntelaar was able to successfully sneak attack Kasic; Krasic probably didn’t pay much attention to this No . 1 Swordsman from the Jax Empire and didn’t defend against him . Otherwise, Krasic won’t get his vital spot struck by Huntelaar that easily since he was much more powerful than all the four Moon-Class Elites on the enemy’s side . If he paid a little attention to Huntelaar, he won’t get his heart pierced and won’t have to rely on the terrifying forbidden technique [Energy Channel Radical Revival Forbidden Technique] to restore the dignity and honor of the Martial Saint of Zenit .

“So that means you and Krasic both know about Amauri?” Fei asked .

“Eh . That is within our expectations . Many people didn’t know that both Lkunta and Amauri were Martial Saints of Spartax . Lkunta was in the public eyes, and Amauri was hiding in the dark . When Lkunta entered St . Petersburg with the emissary group, Amauri also sneaked in with a bunch of assassins . Their goal was to create chaos, get rid of some of the officials and nobles who posed threats to them, and disrupt the political climate at Zenit; they used both assassination and bribery . Of course, they also wanted to disrupt the competition among the affiliated kingdoms, and you saw what happened . ”

The Elder Princess told Fei everything calmly; she didn’t try to hide any information that was deemed confidential .

After hearing everything and getting most of the questions on his mind answered, Fei took out a black token and asked, “I have been curious for a long time . What is this that you gave me when we separated at Hot Spring Gate?”

“That is the Martial Saint Token . ”

Tanasha smiled after she saw the item in Fei’s hand, “This token represented the supreme power Uncle Krasic had at Zenit . Except for Emperor Yassin His Majesty, no one in the empire would dare to touch you . With this token, you are technically able to command all the warriors of Zenit who are below the realm of Moon-Class . I thought your direct personality would cause a lot of trouble in the Capital, so I gave the token that was desired by numerous people to you to protect you . However, I didn’t expect you to deal with all the trouble yourself, and I didn’t expect you to attract Uncle Krasic’s attention despite the fact that you didn’t use the Martial Saint Token and to get a rare opportunity to be coached by him . ”

“Oh?” Fei played with the black token and laughed, “So this is a rare and precious item, huh? Then I will take it off of your hand and save you the trouble . I might use it in the future!”

Tanasha didn’t know how to respond .

The king of Chambord’s greediness and cheapness would surprise her from time to time .

“Ok, so which battle zone would you choose after all these talks, Alexander?” perhaps it was her first time talking this long standing up, it was too much effort for her body . She had to walk to a chair and sit down as she breathed heavily .

“Yeah, I will go here . ” Fei pointed at a location on the map .

Tanasha smiled proudly and said, “I knew you would choose Jax Battle Zone!”

“Of course . Jax Battle Zone is the closest to Chambord; if I lost the battles, I have a place to retreat to . Hehe, on top of that, that is the empire of Huntelaar . The anger of the king of Chambord has to vent off here first!” Fei said slowly as he stared at the level 2 empire on the map like a bloodthirsty beast; he wanted revenge .

“How is the construction of your [Wolf Teeth Legion]? Do you need my help?” Tanasha smiled .

“Almost done . We can start moving in three days,” Fei responded with confidence .

He was telling the truth . Before the Martial Saint Battle last night, old Aryang was running into some problem; some of the warriors he wanted to recruit were also being targeted by other legions . Since old Aryang focused on quality over quantity, the progress was really slow . However, after what happened on Martial Saint Mountain was publicized, more and more warriors were willing to join the [Wolf Teeth Legion] . The story about Fei battling with a Moon-Class Elite and how Fei got the loyalty of 40 master warriors from Martial Saint Mountain got around, and many people wanted the join . A lot of young and responsible noblemen joined the legion, and the legion was almost completely full after famous masters like [Wind and Fire Dual Warriors], [Silver Armored Vicious Sword], [Magic Princess], and [Luck Prince] joined .

“I have to say, you did find a great assistant,” Tanasha said . It was clear that she knew about the existence of old Aryang .

Fei laughed; there was no doubt about that .

After he thought for a while, he said to Tanasha earnestly, “Your Highness, the legion is almost completed, and we need the proper equipment, items, and sufficient support in terms of funding and food . I heard that the Military Headquarter is stilling having a dispute with the Finance Ministry, but I can’t wait for them . I want you to pass on a message for me – if my [Wolf Teeth Legion] couldn’t get the resources in time, I will kill whoever is slowing it down!”

“There isn’t a problem . Do you think that your cute fiancée is only going to the parties for fun?” Tanasha said as lights flashed in her eyes .

“You mean…… Angela? What did she do?” Fei was surprised .

“I didn’t expect the little level 6 affiliated kingdom, Chambord, to have a talented warrior like you and also a genius diplomat . I’m suspecting that the Goddess of Fate is favoring your little kingdom . ”

“Diplomat? You mean Angela?” Fei asked .

“That is right . Your fiancée is born to be a diplomat . It seems like she has the ability to make people feel intimate towards her; she is able to lower anyone’s guards and make them her friends . Same words that come out of her mouth is just different . She has this born-talent, and she could become the brightest diplomat with proper training and enough practice!”

Although what Tanasha said sounded exaggerating, her expression was earnest .

This was the first time that Fei heard Tanasha praise someone like this .

“In order to clear the path for you, Angela participated in a lot of parties despite the fact she didn’t like those environments . She was able to convince the nobles and officials who were hard to deal with! In fact, the distribution of resources and funding of the new legion was already settled before you became the No . 1 Warrior among the affiliated kingdoms and the Legion Commander!”

After seeing Fei’s expression changing, Tanasha added just in time, “Of course, you don’t have to worry about her . I was with her, and she didn’t suffer from any kinds of bullying . You need to believe in her; she is the type of genius diplomat who could persuade anyone without offer anything!”

Fei calmed down a little as he knew what happened .

“So the so-called genius diplomatic ability is connected to the ‘Purest Soul’ that Priest Balesi talked about . I didn’t expect Angela’s special ability towards animals could be applied to humans as well!” Fei thought .

However, despite her talent, Fei still wanted Angela to have a relaxed and worry-free life; he didn’t want her to do anything that she didn’t like . Even though Fei knew Angela was talented, he would never intentionally make his fiancée into a diplomat who could persuade anyone or an animal trainer who could train all beasts .

Fei just wanted Angela to live happily ever after .



* * *





Chapter 365




Chapter 365

What Angela did for Fei surprised him a lot .

On top of that, what Tanasha told Fei made him realize that he paid too little attention to Angela recently . They had never had the chance to spend some quality time together as an in-love couple, and they had never had the time to sit down and have a really good conversation . After he thought about that, Fei felt really guilty .

He felt the need to really talk with his pure, beautiful, and graceful fiancée about their future . Although he had machismo traits, he was a man from another world who was very modern; he could never ignore the feeling of others .

After he made up his mind, he looked at the huge territory of Zenit on the wall and focused on the border that was to the west of the empire; he was thinking about the upcoming war .

He wasn’t going to bring all the warriors of Chambord to the battlefront . The era of chaos was here, and bloodiness and craziness would be smelled in the air . Fei had to first make sure that Chambord was safe .

If it wasn’t for Krasic’s death, Fei probably won’t even go to the battlefront .

At this time, the guard outside the palace announced the visit of a soldier from [Iron Blood Legion], and this soldier quickly rushed into the palace and gave a report to Tanasha . Afterward, he bowed and left quickly without even looking at Fei .

“You got information on them?” Fei asked .

“No . ” Tanasha read the report and shook her head . After she gave it to a maid beside her, she said, “You need to know that we are looking for three Moon-Class Elites and not some hooligans . They have their own forces to help them hide in St . Petersburg, so I need a bit more time . ”

“Time?” Fei curled his lips in displeasure and said, “You know that I need to go and bleed for the empire in three days, right? I don’t want to get the messages after I’m on the battlefront .

Tanasha ignored Fei’s displeasure and smiled, “Depends on the luck . If we are lucky, we might find them in three days . ”

“My luck is really good . ”

Fei replied and walked out of the palace . He suddenly stopped halfway, turned around, and stared at Tanasha in the eyes . “I prepared a little show . I think Your Highness would be interested in it!” he said .

“Oh?” Tanasha stood up . As if she realized something, she replied, “I would love to attend . ”

……

St . Petersburg .

Residential area .

In a little building .

“The soldiers of Zenit have been increasing the intensity of the searches . This place is no longer safe, and we should change up the place . ” Lanji returned again and recommended to the Moon-Class Elites .

The three Moon-Class Elites who were using their warrior energies to heal stopped what they were doing .

After half an hour of healing, they were in much better shapes .

Most of the wounds on Huntelaar’s body healed, and he got rid of 80% of Krasic’s green warrior energy from his body . The huge wound on Amauri’s body also recovered a lot; there was now a dark scar on his body . Lastly, although Costakarta was still wearing the torn armor, most of the injuries he suffered from were healed .

Moon-Class Elites all had insane vitality, and their recovery abilities were much strong as well . As long as their limbs weren’t chopped off and their internal organs weren’t damaged, they would be able to recover from any other kinds of injuries in a few hours .

The reason why the injuries on these three Moon-Class Elites were harder to deal with was that Krasic’s green warrior energy got into their bodies; the green warrior energy made the wounds harder to heal, and that caused a lot of discomfort and pain for them .

“Yeah . I’m sure smart people on the side of Zenit would guess where we are at . We need to change up the hiding spot . ” Costakarta nodded and agreed .

“Where?” No . 1 Swordsman from the Jax Empire said coldly as he stared at them, “Are you guys familiar with St . Petersburg? I think we should get the people we have here to arrange our escape!”

“Better not . This is a special time, and we can’t be sure that the people we have here are not monitored by others . Perhaps they are the bait for us right now!” Lanji thought about it and reminded this swordsman with good intentions .

“Humph!” Huntelaar sneered, “You weak, low-life, woman! If you aren’t useful, you aren’t even qualified to talk to me! Get out of my face!”

“You……” Lanji knew that this swordsman was a super arrogant and egocentric person, but she didn’t think that this man was this extreme; he was literally venting his frustration for his defeat onto other people .

She was very angry and felt like responding in a nasty way, but she was able to suppress her impulse and ignored Huntelaar’s insult; she had the endurance that was rarely seen on people in her age .

She said to Costakarta calmly, “Father, when I was out, I found a few good hiding spots . Those locations had been searched numerous times in a short time, and they are close to the gate . If the opportunity arises, we would be able to escape!”

Costakarta nodded .

This famous general of the Eindhoven Empire was very pleased by his daughter’s calm behavior . As the No . 1 General at the Eindhoven Empire, his biggest regret in life was that he didn’t have a son to inherit his titles and status . The only thing that pleased him was that his daughter Lanji was very interested in battles and wars from a young age and she was also talented . She was able to endure pain and was able to control her emotions; those were all key characteristics of a great general .

Costakarta already made up his mind; if he was able to successfully escape and return to Eindhoven, he would go against all suggestions and make his daughter the next leader of the family and let her inherit his force in the military .

As he was thinking about that, his face suddenly changed color as if he sensed something .

After a bitter smile appeared on his face, he looked at his daughter’s face quietly for a few seconds . Suddenly, he said to her, “I suddenly feel like eating Honey Glazed Cod Fish made by you . Go and prepare the ingredients . After we go to the new hiding spot, you can make it for me . ”

“Honey Glazed Cod Fish?”

Lanji was a little surprised .

“Father likes to eat this dish, and I would always cook it for him after every victory . But under this situation……” Lanji looked at her father’s face, and she saw a rare loving expression on his face . Although she was a little confused, she followed his order and walked out of the building . After she wore her dress, she didn’t catch anyone’s attention . Therefore, it wasn’t a problem for her to buy these ingredients on the market .

“But why would father want to eat Honey Glazed Cod Fish at such a dangerous time? Something is wrong!”

After Lanji left the building cautiously and turned into a little back alley, she sensed something and quickly turned around .

At this moment –

“How did you find us? You……” A loud and angry shout sounded in the building, and it immediately attracted a lot of pedestrians’ attention .

Lanji looked in the direction of the shout, and her body shivered .

Desperation appeared in her eyes .

She saw numerous soldiers of Zenit surrounding the yard that her father was in, and more than 20 warriors who were wearing brown robes and had swords on their backs were standing in front of the soldiers in excitement . These warriors in brown robes were all from Martial Saint Mountain, and Lanji knew that she couldn’t even defeat one of them in battle .

Of course, these people weren’t the source of her desperation .

What made her feel this way was the appearance of one figure .

On the central sword peak last night, this warrior of Zenit who looked like a boy from the next door was able to battle against her father . She knew how powerful her father was, and she also almost got chopped in half by this young man last night . At that moment, Lanji felt unprecedentedly weak; if it wasn’t for the help of her father, the brightest young generation commander of Eindhoven would have died on the central sword peak last night .

“What is going to happen next? This terrifying young man has already found father and the other two Moon-Class Elites……” Lanji felt cold .



* * *





Chapter 366




Chapter 366

Chapter 366: Mad Fei

Tanasha prepared her carriage and followed Fei out of the palace with Ziene by her side .

Although she was really curious, she wasn’t wondering about the purpose of the trip; she was smart and already guessed what Fei was planning . She was curious about the hiding spots of the three Moon-Class Elites and how Fei found them .

In order to make everything secure, she ordered 300 Royal Guards to go with her to make sure that the three Moon-Class Elites won’t escape again .

After a few minutes, Tanasha knew where Fei was taking them by looking at the directions .

The Residential Area!

“Yes! If I’m one of them, I would choose to stay at where Lkunta stayed before…… The most dangerous place is the safest……”

Tanasha sat in her magic carriage and looked at Fei who was walking in front of her . She suddenly felt like this young king was growing too fast! However, she still felt like this was one possible hiding location, and she wondered, “Why does he seem so sure? Where did his confidence come from?”

The Elder Princess was getting more and more curious .

After she realized that they were going to try to capture three Moon-Class Elites, she felt like the manpower they had was too weak as there were only 300 Royal Guards . As she was about to summon a few powerful warriors to come along, she saw 40 people in front of them .

These people were all wearing brown robes and carrying swords on their backs . Powerful warrior energy surged on their bodies, and they all looked solemn and a bit angry .

These were the warriors from Martial Saint Mountain, and they had been waiting here for a while .

After seeing these people, Tanasha knew that the king of Chambord was well prepared for this .

All the forces in St . Petersburg knew that the 40 powerful warriors who were under the command of the Martial Saint were now endowed to the king of Chambord .

The combination of these 40 powerful and angry warriors, the 300 Royal Guards, and Fei who was able to battle against a Moon-Class Elite himself was more than enough to deal with the three injured Moon-Class Elites .

This group of people moved fast, and they soon arrived at the building that Lkunta lived in before .

Fei signaled his warriors to surround the building, and he took out a huge black sword that was more than two meters long and half a meter wide from his storage space; it was Krasic’s Combat Weapon – [Heavenly Sword] .

After the building was fully surrounded, Fei no longer hid his aura . He roared and jumped forward like an angry Demon Beast . After he broke the stone gate, he dashed into the building .

(* Support the translators and read on Noodletown Translations for free as soon as the chapters come out!)

…… .

Inside the stone building .

Although he scolded Lanji a minute ago, Huntelaar still agreed with the plan that the “low-life woman” came up with . He knew that it was the best option at the moment from the beginning; he just didn’t like listening to a woman .

This egocentric swordsman looked at Amauri who was silent . After not hearing any objections, he sneered and started to get ready to leave……

At this moment, Costakarta suddenly grabbed onto his blade that was on the ground and stood up . As if he was able to see through the walls, he shook his head and smiled bitterly, “Too late…… He…… He is here!”

“Who is here?” before Amauri could finish the question, he sensed something as his face changed color as well .

Huntelaar, on the other hand, also sensed it .

Boom!

The building shook violently as the stone walls were torn down; it felt like the building was going to collapse at any second .

As clouds of dust flew into the air, a barbaric and murderous figure appeared with a huge amount of pressure .

“Good afternoon . We met again so soon……”

With Heavenly Sword in his hand, Fei stepped forward as he smiled brightly . However, his glances felt sharp and dangerous in the eyes of the three Moon-Class Elites .

Although Fei was smiling, everyone knew that he was here to kill .

Suddenly, a lot of explosions sounded .

All of the walls in the building were torn down by force .

In just a few seconds, the building that was enough to accommodate 50 people was destroyed, and five more other properties around this building were destroyed as well . The Royal Guards and the warriors from Martial Saint Mountain coordinated well and turned the area of one square kilometer into flat land by using the most brute method . This way, it was much harder for the three Moon-Class Elites to use the buildings and the terrains to escape .

Costakarta, Amauri, and Huntelaar were like three small islands that were surrounded by a huge ocean .

The noises attracted the attention of Zenit soldiers who were patrolling the area .

Shortly, Imperial Patrol, soldiers from [Iron Blood Legion], and searching teams of other battle legions all surrounded the area as well . On top of that, some civilians also surround the area and tried to see what was going on . People of Zenit were everywhere .

“How did you find us?” although they were surrounded, Costakarta was still able to keep his absolute calm .

At a critical moment like this, only calmness could potentially bring them an opportunity to escape .

Also, since he already tricked his daughter Lanji to leave the building, he was less worrisome . As a general and a soldier, he knew that he would die one day on the battlefield; it was not uncommon for generals to be killed during wars . Costakarta was mentally prepared for this moment even before he joined the military, and the only thing he didn’t expect was that this moment came inside the Capital of his enemy and not on the battlefield .

“All thanks to Mr . Amauri!” Fei smiled as he looked at Amauri, “Thank you for leaving the spiritual seal on me that day . Otherwise, I won’t be able to find you . ”

Amauri suddenly understood everything, and his face paled .

After he saw the battle between Fei and the four Executive Knights, he knew that this king was super talented . As a Martial Saint of Spartax, he didn’t want to see another genius like Yassin to cultivate and grow more powerful . As a result, he personally tried to assassinate Fei and left a spiritual seal on Fei .

However, he still failed the mission and got chased and injured by Krasic .

For the last while, Amauri was trying to heal up and prepared for the trap on the central sword peak . Since Fei was able to use the purple scroll from [Rogue Encampment] to block all spiritual detections, Amauri wasn’t able to sense the spiritual seal that he left on Fei and thought another Moon-Class Elite helped Fei to erase it .

Amauri could never imagine the existence of the magical purple scroll in this world – actually, in Diablo World .

After Fei blocked the spiritual detection using the purple scroll, he still worked hard on increasing his spiritual power . As Fei’s strength got stronger, his spiritual power also got stronger . Now, he was able to stay in Diablo World for six hours every day, and he was able to locate where Amauri was under the spiritual empowerment of the purple scroll as he retraced the spiritual seal on him .

This was beyond Amauri’s understanding .

“How can a star-level warrior locate where I am by using my spiritual seal on him?”

“This…… Impossible!! How?” Amauri couldn’t believe it; his way of tracing his opponent backfired and allowed him to be traced .

“Nothing is impossible!”

Fei signaled the warriors from Martial Saint Mountain and the Royal Guards to not move, and he walked forward with Heavenly Sword in his hand . As he got closer and closer to the three Moon-Class Elites, he unleashed more and more of his power; he didn’t hide his murderous intent at all .

Huntelaar looked at Fei for a few seconds and glanced around . After that, he calmed down and sneered, “One Nine-Star Warrior, One Eight-Star Warrior, and a bunch of trash . Do you want to capture me? You guys are here to be killed!”

Boom!

Fei stabbed Heavenly Sword into the ground and stared at Huntelaar viciously . As his power got to its peak, he said slowly, “One dirty traitor and shameless bug . Do you want to fu*king show-off here? You proud of yourself? I will destroy your damn pride in front of this Heavenly Sword!”

“Hahaha, you? You… . . want to avenge for that old dog Krasic? Young man, you are too weak . How dare an ant challenge a dragon?”

Huntelaar laughed as if he heard the funniest joke . “A star-level warrior wants to fight me? When was the last time I heard something this ridiculous?” he thought .

Boom!

The smile on Fei’s face disappeared as he dashed forward and punched out .

Huntelaar sneered and struck out with his sword .

The cold and murderous light shone on the sword .

However, the No . 1 Swordsman of the Jax Empire was surprised in half-way .



* * *





Chapter 367




Chapter 367

In the next second, Huntelaar’s sword pierced into his opponent’s right chest, and his opponent’s fist also smashed onto his abdomen .

“This young man is crazy! He is trading injury for injury!” this is the first thought that came into Huntelaar’s head .

After that, this No . 1 Swordsman of the Jax Empire was no longer able to think .

Pain!

It was too painful!

Never in his life did he think that the fist of a star-level warrior could bring so much pain and damage to his body . He felt like this level of pain shouldn’t exist in this world! As if it was a curse from hell that was able to suck away all of his strength, he wasn’t even able to move his finger at this moment as the pain caused his nervous system to enter an overload .

“Puff!”

The huge force from Fei’s fist immediately torn the scars on Huntelaar’s body, and all the old wounds that were half-healed all opened; blood spurted out of the numerous small wounds like fountains .

Although it seemed like his ape-like huge body could never bend, it bent subconsciously like a boiled shrimp and twitched violently at this moment .

Then, tear rushed out of his eyes as well uncontrollably .

The sour stomach juice mixed with the blood in his throat as they were puked up .

These were all automatic reactions of a human body after the abdomen was struck forcefully .

One Punch!

There was only one punch!

However, the physical strength of a level 84 Barbarian was huge .

Although Huntelaar was a Moon-Class Elite who was stronger than most warriors, he still couldn’t defend against this punch .

His body bent, and he kneeled on the ground as he covered his stomach in pain; the scene looked no different to a normal street fight .

The No . 1 Swordsman of the Jax Empire temporarily lost all of his combat abilities .

On the other hand, his sword pierced through Fei’s right chest .

The blade was still stuck in Fei’s body, and blood flowed out of the wound slowly and stained his blue robe .

“Who the fu*k is the ant? Who the fu*k is the dragon?”

As if he couldn’t sense any pain, Fei grabbed onto Huntelaar’s hair like a madman and dragged this Moon-Class Elite to the Combat Weapon Heavenly Sword as if he was dragging a sandbag . He sneered, “Too bad that my heart is to the left of my chest and not the right . You dumb idiot! Fu*king No . 1 Swordsman, fu*king Moon-Class Elite . Like everyone else, you would puke if you drink too much and you would feel pain after getting hit! Hey, act haughty again! Act superior again! Huh? Fu*k you!!” Fei shouted .

Pia! Pia! Pia! Pia!

Fei immediately slapped Huntelaar on the face four times without holding back his physical strength, and Huntelaar’s face swelled, and a few of his teeth flew out .

The head of the No . 1 Swordsman of the Jax Empire soon looked like a pig head, and his mouth was so swollen that even his light breaths sounded loud .

Fei wasn’t satisfied with taking down the opponent with one strike .

He felt like something exploded inside of him and he was burning .

He threw all that temperament of a king and aura of a noble to aside .

Fei needed to vent his anger!

He needed to vent his anger using the most brute, wildest, and most direct way!!

For a moment, that thin and straight figure was ultra-clear in his mind, but Fei knew that he won’t ever see that fatherly figure again . He knew that he couldn’t do anything about it, and that frustration made him feel like it was lava flowing through his body and not blood . He felt like there was a volcano in his heart that was about to erupt .

Everyone was quiet as they watched this crazy king .

The 40 warriors from Martial Saint Mountain, the 300 Royal Guards, Tanasha who was sitting in her magic carriage, elite soldiers from Imperial Patrol, soldiers from all the battle legions, all the citizens of Zenit who were still circling around the area, and even Amauri and Costakarta who were enemies to Fei were all shocked by this crazy scene .

Especially Amauri and Costakarta; for a moment, they even forgot to help Huntelaar . You can’t really blame them; the fight was too fast! No one expected that the king of Chambord was able to win using one strike .

After the fight was over, their warrior instincts told them that they weren’t facing a human but an angry Holy Dragon that was able to destroy the world!

Some people were feeling bad for the No . 1 Swordsman of the Jax Empire . At the moment, he was experiencing unbearable shame . To a Moon-Class Elite, being dragged around by his opponent in front of thousands of enemies and two of his peer was worse than being killed .

However, the 40 warriors from Martial Saint Mountain were excited as their eyes lit up; they all wanted to kill Huntelaar to avenge for Krasic, and seeing him being shamed like this was very thrilling for them .

This special and unique king’s simple and barbaric battle style ignited the fire in many people’s hearts!

Blood was boiling!

Souls were burning!

Puff!

A dash of blood spurted out of the wound .

As if he couldn’t sense the pain, Fei grabbed onto the handle of the sword and slowly pulled it out of his body .

Tink!

After the sword was pulled out, Fei threw the sword onto the ground causally and completely ignored the huge wound on him that was still bleeding .

At this moment, no smile could be seen on Fei’s face . His red eyes locked onto Amauri and Costakarta as he let out a beast-like roar . Then, a series of afterimages appeared in the air as he dashed at them .

He was going to fighting two Moon-Class Elites at the same time!

One star-level warrior VS . two Moon-Class Elites?

“Is he crazy?”

The 40 warriors from Martial Saint Mountain and some of the Royal Guards wanted to charge after him to help; after all, although they were both injured, Amauri and Costakarta were Moon-Class Elites who could kill tens of thousands of people alone .

Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam!

Before these people could react in time, a series of colliding and piercing noises sounded .

As the three figures collided into each other, powerful energy waves expanded outward and knocked everyone back .

After a split second, the three figures separated .

Silence reappeared .

Soon, people started to gasp as a scene that they could never forget sealed into their souls .

There was one blade in the king of Chambord’s right shoulder; it cut into him so deep that it almost chopped his entire right arm off . On the side of his waist, there was also a deep wound that also chopped him in half horizontally . Blood jetted out of the two wounds like fountains, and they quickly stained his robe and the land he was standing on . Looking from afar, it looked like a lot of roses were blossoming .

However, despite the fact that he was severely injured, his back was straight as a spear, just like Krasic .

Beside him, both Amauri and Costakarta were repeating the actions that Huntelaar just performed when he fell onto the ground .

The two Moon-Class Elites covered their abdomens with their hands subconsciously as tears, drools, nasal mucus, and blood dripped down their faces . They wanted to fight back, but the severe pain even made breathing difficult for them .

Fei was panting .

Just like what he did before, he slowly raised his left arm and pulled the blade out of his right shoulder . Blood instantly gushed out of the wound, and he was hit with the pain and the dizziness . However, he gritted his teeth and held himself back from making any noise; at the moment, he felt like only pain could make him feel better mentally .

Barbarian Skill – [Iron Skin] .

It improved the Barbarian’s overall defense .

Since the three Moon-Class Elites were injured and could only use about 50% of their strength, Fei betted this skill and the Barbarian’s naturally strong vitality as he used the most direct method to take the three Moon-Class Elites out .

Although the three Moon-Class Elites were a lot stronger and a lot tougher, the abdomen region was still one of the weakest areas on a human body . By taking on the risk of being chopped in half, Fei did what he had to do to complete the task .

This crazy and insane battle style weakened the burning sensation Fei was feeling as if it was vented off a little .

Whoosh!

Whoosh!

Using the blade that he just pulled out of his shoulder and still had his blood on it, Fei cut the tendons and ligaments in the three Moon-Class Elites’ arms and legs and destroyed the six most important energy channels in their bodies mercilessly . After that, he threw the blade on the ground and panted as he sat down without caring about his image and started to treat the wounds on his body .

“You…… kill me, kill me!……” Amauri didn’t want to be shamed like Huntelaar, and he shouted loudly as he struggled . He had no power anymore; this punishment was worse than killing them in the eyes of the warriors .

Fei looked at him coldly as he opened his mouth and chugged down a bottle of [Full Rejuvenation Potion] .

He won’t let these three people die easily .

He was going to let them know how bad of a decision trapping and killing Krasic was by showing them the consequences .

Fei was a madman!



* * *





Chapter 368




Chapter 368

“Huh……”

After he opened his mouth and exhaled, Fei started to feel that the wounds on his body were being recovered slowly .

Even though he had [Full Rejuvenation Potion] which was spectacular at treating injuries, he was too injured . Huntelaar’s sword went straight through his chest and pierced through one of his lungs, Costakarta’s blade almost went through his shoulder, and Amauri’s blade almost cut through his waist and caused Fei’s intestines to flow out . The last wound was the most severe, and Fei used his left hand to slowly push the greenish white intestines back into his body . The scene was so bloody that some timid people even had to close their eyes .

The recovery speed was really slow .

After all, the real world wasn’t like the digitized Diablo World, and the healing was a process and not just a click of a button . On top of that, the people who injured Fei were Moon-Class Elites, and their three distinct warrior energies were still running around on the wounds . As the [Full Rejuvenation Potion] slowly healed the bodily injuries, it was also trying to get rid of these warrior energies that were hard to deal with .

The insane pain forced Fei to lie on the ground . He sweated so much that it looked like he just got out of a river .

At this moment, the king looked really messy and almost looked defeated .

However, none of the audience felt that way .

Before this battle, these people never thought that the powerful and haughty Moon-Class Elites could fight this way with no elegance, and they never thought that techniques used in ordinary street fights could work on these Moon-Class Elites!

There was no surging warrior energy!

There was no flashy magic power!

There was no domination and no easy victory!

For some reason, everyone felt like this non-typical battle vented their burning rage the best .

When they saw the king of Chambord using his fists to defeat the three despicable conspirators who killed Martial Saint Krasic, even the ordinary soldiers and citizens felt like shouting and cheering . At that moment, they felt like something was spurting, something was exploding, and something was burning inside of them!

As footsteps sounded, the young man with sharp eyebrows and shiny eyes walked out and put one of his hands on Fei’s shoulder; he was the leading warrior among the 40 warriors from Martial Saint Mountain .

Green warrior energy flames instantly enveloped him and Fei .

His power was unleashed completely, and the terrifying force made the people around here back off for a few steps .

After five minutes, sweats started to appear on his head; this is the indication that a warrior had unleashed his warrior energy in full for a while .

Fei who was enveloped by this energy flame was undergoing some magnificent change . The three huge wounds on his chest, waist, and shoulder were recovering at an insane pace . Muscles were growing at a visible speed as if an invisible hand was stitching the wounds together, and the three kinds of warrior energies were wipe out after six minutes . Under the coordination of [Full Rejuvenation Potion] and the green warrior energy, the three wounds turned into three scars .

“Thanks!” Fei dusted off the dirt on him, stood up, and thanked this young man who was on the level of Eight-Star .

“Your Majesty, it should be us thanking you,” the young man said earnestly .

The other 39 warriors from Martial Saint Mountain all walked to him in excitement and all single-kneeled down in front of Fei with that young man . “You risked your own life to avenge for Master Krasic . We all swore in the name of Krasic that we will follow Your Majesty wholeheartedly! From now on, your wishes are our missions, your honor is equal to our lives, we will go wherever your sword points, and the land under your feet is the homeland that we shall protect! We swore that we shall follow Your Majesty until death, we swore that we shall protect Your Majesty until death, and we swore that we shall stay loyal to Your Majesty until death!” they stated in unison .

The loud pledges of the 40 warriors resonated in the sky with an indescribable sensation .

They were as loud as thunder and as striking as lighting .

Fei was a little surprised by it .

Fei wanted to avenge for Krasic for his own sake; ever since Krasic turned into dust on the central sword peak and covered the land of Zenit, Fei promised himself that he would let all the enemies bleed to death . However, he didn’t expect to gain the complete trust and loyalty of these 40 warriors as he pursued his own goals .

From looking at the eyes of these warriors, Fei knew that they were dead serious . If they were only following him because Krasic told them so before, they were now 100% loyal to him and believed in his character .

Tink!

As he reached out in the air, a crisp metal vibrating noise sounded as Combat Weapon Heavenly Sword flew into his hands voluntarily .

Under the stares of everyone, he walked by each of the warriors, placed the black blade on their shoulders one by one, and said the following phrase earnestly 40 times, “I, Alexander, accept your loyalty! May my power and honor always be with you!”

……

Far away .

The cold wind fluttered the white dress of Paris who came here sometimes ago after she heard the news . The dress uplifted a little, and it revealed a portion of her white legs that would make any man go crazy .

This girl was holding a rose with the stem full of sharp prickles, and it looked like her mind was somewhere else .

Beside her, [Red Beard] Granello who just got promoted to the Head Commander of Imperial Patrol said seriously, “Alexander is now like an eagle with a full set of wings . With this force from Martial Saint Mountain, he is able to get out of the constraints of the empire . It looks like both Your Highness and [Zenit’s God of War] His Highness couldn’t deal with him anymore . Is Zenit fortunate to have him or unfortunate to have him?”

“Why do people always want to control others?” A bright smiled appeared on Dominguez’s handsome face, “Isn’t it better to be friends?”

These three people soon disappeared quietly under the protection of soldiers from Imperial Patrol .

……

One of the people who was witnessing the whole thing was Costakarta’s daughter Lanji who looked like an ordinary citizen of Zenit at the moment .

After she saw how fast that young man destroyed the three Moon-Class Elites, this calm and collected girl fell into a state of despair .

Her feelings were right .

This king of an affiliated kingdom who looked like a boy from the next door was a devil! Under his rage, the three Moon-Class Elites were defenseless! No one expected him to trade injury-for-injury and use this self-destructive style, but it was effective . Although they were injured, the three Moon-Class Elites still had their experiences and a good amount of combat abilities . However, they were all taken by surprise .

“What should I do? What can I do?” Lanji was really anxious as she bit her lower lip with force subconsciously .

After seeing the painful expression on her father’s face and her father’s bending back that was never bent for the last 20 years, the girl felt like her heart was aching . Soon, her tears blurred her vision .

Although she wanted to run into the circle and help her father, her last bit of consciousness held her back .

She knew she couldn’t help her father at this moment; if she did that, she would be caught as well .

“How can I save my father from that devil?”

Now, Lanji knew that her father told her that he wanted to eat Honey Glazed Cod Fish in order to send her out of the building .

“Father must have sensed something; it is obvious that all three of them couldn’t escape together . However, father who always placed the empire and his missions in front of everything else changed and placed me in front of everything else this time . He didn’t notify Huntelaar and Amauri about the danger, and he pushed me out of the danger secretly . Since the three Moon-Class Elites are captured, Zenit would definitely pull back all the searches . That way, I would be able to safely return to Eindhoven……”

No one knew that on top of the three Moon-Class Elites, there was another survivor; everyone at Zenit thought that all other enemies died on Martian Saint Mountain .

(* Support the translators and read on Noodletown Translations for free as soon as the chapters come out!)

……

Huntelaar, Amauri, and Costakarta were soon captured . The jailors took out the bloody tools and tied them down using iron chains that were as thick as a thumb . To prevent them from struggling and potentially escaping, the iron chains pierced through their shoulders and legs and locked them down for good .

Under the protection of her guards, Tanasha approached the center of the battleground on her magic carriage .

“Alexander…… this is a bit rude, but I have to say it . You can’t kill the three of them right now . It is better to hand them over to the Military Headquarter; they know a lot of information that could potentially result in victories for us . ” Tanasha said slowly .

“Military Headquarter?” Fei smiled and looked fatigued .



* * *





Chapter 369




Chapter 369

Surprisingly, Fei didn’t place this Elder Princess in an awkward situation . He looked at the three Moon-Class Elites and said, “Sure . Since they are going to be there, I’m sure that they would at least lose a few layers of skin . Save me the trouble!”

As he said that, he placed Heavenly Sword under Huntelaar’s chin . Huntelaar’s head was down as he was depressed, but his head was raised up as Fei raised the sword .

“You know that I’m going to the Jax Battle Zone in three days . If the officials at the Military Headquarter could get some information out of this ape’s mouth, send me a message; it might be useful on the battlefield!” Fei whistled and said to Tanasha .

“Of course . I can promise you that . ” Tanasha said earnestly .

She suddenly felt like she owed this man a lot .

“Good . ” Fei gave Combat Weapon Heavenly Sword to that leading warrior from Martial Saint Mountain named Nesta, and he left as he stretched his back and yawned .

After he walked forward for a few steps, he suddenly turned around and looked at Costakarta . After he focused on the white hair and thought back to what this old general said on the central sword peak, his hard heart softened for some reason . He suddenly said to Tanasha, “This man is old . Try to let him suffer less . ”

“I will try,” Tanasha nodded .

Fei waved his hand and left without saying anything else .

Theoretically, he should be feeling relaxed . He captured the three perpetrators, and he vented his anger through that direct and barbaric battle . For some reason, he wasn’t feeling good at all .

What did that achieve? That thin and fatherly figure on Martial Saint Mountain disappeared forever . He would never come back to Fei and tell him that he was making a mistake in training and needed to read another book……

The 40 warriors from Martial Saint Mountain quietly followed Fei .

Although the 41 people were walking slowly, it felt like there were numerous troops in the eyes of the audience .

As the king of Chambord walked by, all the soldiers and citizens of Zenit quickly moved away and created a path for him and his men . The people shivered out of excitement as the king of Chambord walk pass them; they wanted to say something, but they didn’t know what to say . Not sure who started it, thunder-like clapping sounded and resonated in the sky .

The people of Zenit loved heroes .

The heroes who had high statuses and were promoted by the officials of Zenit were high-up in the air; the ordinary citizens and soldiers never got to see them . However, the king in front of them today was vivid and lively, and his rage earlier added to his character; he felt real to them .

The king of Chambord was a real hero in their minds .

Before today, a lot of people heard about what had happened on Martial Saint Mountain and knew that this No . 1 Master Warrior among all affiliated kingdom fought against a Moon-Class Elite . He was a “comrade” of the Martial Saint as he bought time for Martial Saint Krasic to defeat the despicable conspirators, and he defeated and captured the enemies who weren’t killed last night today

“No wonder Mr . Martial Saint would endow all the warriors from Martial Saint Mountain to him . Is there a better and more trustworthy candidate?” people thought .

The clapping didn’t stop until Fei and his men disappeared from their visions .

“He is alone from an unknown universe . He traveled through the world of gods, demons, and humans, and he would walk into eternity……”

On one side of the street, there were two people wearing long black cloaks . When Fei and his men disappeared, the taller person suddenly recited the [Oracle] recorded on the Immortal Bible from the Holy Church . Then, he turned around and looked at the shorter person as he said, “What do you think?”

“His strength increased a lot since we met last time . If I’m not wrong, he is at the threshold . If he is lucky enough, he will become a Moon-Class Elite shortly,” the shorter person replied .

This shorter person was covered by the black cloak, and most of his face was unveiled by a black musk . However, the silver beard and the dry skin around his mouth told the people around him that he was in his 50s . His body lightly shivered when he spoke as if he was enduring a lot of pain, but his voice was calm and contained a convincing power .

Currently, the situation at the Capital of Zenit was intense . When these two mysterious people appeared on the main street, they attracted the attention of the patrolling soldiers . If their cloaks didn’t have the red cross symbol of the Holy Church and they didn’t have the holy aura that couldn’t be faked, they would have been captured and questioned by these soldiers immediately .

“His strength did increase a lot, but he isn’t strong enough to beat a Moon-Class Elite . I don’t believe that a person could have this much power and obtain that top-tier Undead Magic Power at the same time . Do you still believe in your own judgment?” the taller man was trying to convince the man beside him .

“Your Highness . God said that devils are sly and hard to deal with, and they often do uncommon and unreasonable things . Now we can be sure that the king of Chambord is a crazy man who dares to do anything when he is angry . Like what happened today; would anyone else dare to deal with three Moon-Class Elites that way?” the shorter man was still shivering, but he sounded excited, “He is similar to that Undead Mage in this aspect, and there is still reason for us to believe that it was him . ”

“But teacher, you have to know that Alexander is possibly a [God’s Favorite Child] as he has golden Holy Power . How can a person have both Holy Power and Undead Magic Power? There is also enough evidence suggesting that it wasn’t him as he was in the campsite of Chambord when that assassination happened . Our own spies reported this to us,” the taller person said . He suddenly paused a second here and asked, “Teacher, do you have a bias against Alexander?”

“Bias?” the shorter person fell into a moment of silence . After a while, he said, “Maybe…… I just don’t like this man . What you said are all valid, and that is why I haven’t ordered the Execution Knights of the Holy Church to arrest him . ”

“I’m completely the opposite . For some reason, I like him a lot . I see myself in him . ”

“That is because Your Highness is a genius among the geniuses . As a genius, you would feel lonely most of the time, right?”

As they talked to each other quietly, they left the street .

Not far from them, there was a brown-skinned girl who had tears in her eyes; she tried her best not to show her sadness in public . However, when the cold winter wind blew up the cloak of the shorter person among the two men, she saw a pair of clean shoes made from straws .

The girl didn’t pay too much attention to these two people; she was focusing on another direction .

There, Costakarta, Amauri, and Huntelaar were locked in three jail carts that were made from pure steel, and they were guarded by the Royal Guards as they proceeded toward the prison inside the Military Headquarter .

Although that devil-like young king already left with his warriors, Lanji still didn’t dare to make a move .

For the first time, she hated herself for being so in love with military knowledge and not focusing enough on her cultivations . Her intelligent brain and her knowledge about wars and battles were useless in this situation; there was no way that she could save her father .

……

After she saw the three Moon-Class Elites were locked up, Tanasha felt like the king of Chambord was a gift that the gods gave Zenit .

With these three Moon-Class Elites captured, Zenit could potentially learn a lot about the three empires and gain the advantage in the upcoming wars . These three people were much more valuable when they were alive .

After she arranged everything and got onto the magic carriage, she suddenly saw some stuff under a huge piece of rock .

“Some leftover food…… and a cracked food box that was made out of wood” Ziene took these things to Tanasha .

“These three people have a helper…… Eh, a female who is about 20 years old . She must be close by! Pass my order – continue the search and monitor the four gates . If there is a single woman in her 20s trying to leave the Capital, question her carefully! If there is anyone who dares to resist, capture her alive!”

Tanasha immediately made her judgment and passed a series of orders, and she showed the calculative and decisive side of [Zenit’s Goddess of Intelligence] .

“Yes, Your Highness,” the guards around her bowed and replied .



* * *





Chapter 370




Chapter 370

Lanji suddenly sensed danger .

She saw the Elder Princess of Zenit saying something to the guards and the guards immediately got aware and cautious . Her sharp instinct told her that her enemies discovered her existence and was trying to trap her .

“Such a dangerous woman . No wonder she is known as the [Goddess of Intelligence] around here . ”

Lanji quietly backed off and avoided all the possible attention as she blended in with the pedestrians on the street . Before she merged into the traffic and disappeared like a fish in the ocean, the girl turned around and looked at her father who was now locked inside the jail cart .

“Father, just wait! I will save you, and I will let that devil pay for what he did!”

……

……

After Fei returned to Chambord’s campsite, he felt an unprecedented fatigue .

It wasn’t physical tiredness; it was a spiritual fatigue that he felt in his souls . Therefore, after he walked around in the campsite, he went directly into the central tent and lied down on the bed without talking to anyone . As soon as his head touched the pillow, he fell asleep .

The soldiers and warriors of Chambord all sensed the strange mood their king was in and none of them walked up to him and talked to him .

Actually, a few minutes ago, the [Fallen Princess] Victoria who was now the self-proclaimed head economist of Chambord rushed over to Fei with the record book . After sensing Fei’s mood, she stuck out her tongue and quickly ran away as if she was the mouse and Fei was the cat; she panicked so much that she even knocked over a few chairs on her way back .

Victoria didn’t know why she was so scared of Fei . As long as she saw Fei with a serious face, she would shiver uncontrollably and almost couldn’t stand straight .

After about four hours, Fei sensed a familiar and sweet fragrance in his dreams . When he opened his eyes, he saw Angela sitting beside the bed and looking at him as she cupped her chin on her hands .

The beautiful girl was looking at him with her crystal eyes as a worried expression appeared on her face . The golden sunlight shined on the girl’s face through the skylight on the ceiling, and her long eyelashes would break the light when she blinked . Fei felt like any movements made by this girl would pull him in .

He smiled subconsciously .

When he saw this beautiful girl, he felt like his mood instantly brightened as all that negative energy on him was gone . As if the wind blew away the dark clouds and the sunlight melted the snow, everything got better .

“Ah, Alexander, you are awake? Huh? You smiled? Haha,” when Angela saw Fei wake up and smile, she laughed as a playful smile appeared on her face .

Fei sat up and held onto his fiancée’s cold hands .

He remembered what Tanasha told him and knew that this girl participated in all the parties in St . Petersburg for him . When she returned drunk a few times, Fei was worried that she might get addicted to these upper-class parties where everyone acted fake, but it turned out that he was worried for nothing .

Since Angela liked quietness, it was natural for her to dislike the noisy parties .

“She must have endured a lot these days for me,” Fei thought .

He suddenly felt like he had to give this girl who loved him dearly an answer she wanted .

“Angela…… Let’s host our wedding and get married,” as soon as he said that, he hesitated a little .

It obviously wasn’t a good time . He had to lead [Wolf Teeth Legion] to the Jax Battle Region in three days, and it was going to be filled with blood and tears . Fei was confident in his abilities to return safely, but could Zenit Empire last through this turbulence? If Zenit Empire got conquered, what would happen to Chambord?

A joyous smile appeared on Angela’s face as if she was waiting for this moment forever .

However, it seemed like this girl thought of something in the next moment and her bright smile dimmed .

She lowered her head for a while, but she soon looked up again .

“Alexander, I know you are going on another expedition, and there isn’t enough time to prepare for our…… our wedding . I’m really happy that you told me that…… I’m really happy . However, I’m trying my best not to become a burden for you . Although I really want to become your queen, I know that this is not the best time . Alexander, I’m not as smart as Tanasha, I’m not as pretty as Paris, and I’m not as strong as Elena who can protect you all the time…… However, I will always wait for you . Doesn’t matter if you are the silly Alexander before or the king that is admired by a lot of people, I will always be with you……” Angela said with a bright smile on her face .

Perhaps this was the first time she spoke her heart out, her voice got quieter and quieter; her cute blushing face looked like a red apple .

Fei didn’t say anything; he just embraced this girl in his arms .

At this moment, he felt like he was very fortunate .

He promised himself that he will protect everyone he loved; he didn’t want what happened to Krasic happen to anyone else again!

Time passed by quickly .

Three days later .

Clip-clopping noises made by the hooves of the warhorses resonated in the sky and clouds of dust soared into the sky as well . A ton of rectangular flags fluttered in the air and covered the sunlight, and blades and spears were all raised in the air and looked like a forest of weapons .

Under the instruction of the No . 1 Commander of the Jax Battle Zone and the Legion Commander of [Wolf Teeth Legion] King Alexander, [Wolf Teeth Legion] that was constructed in a few days started its expedition journey after a white cow was sacrificed to the gods on the altar and Fei pledged to bring victory back to Zenit .

Half a day ago, the first cavalier brigade already left for the Jax Battle Zone with Shevchenko as the Brigade Commander, Cech as the Deputy Brigade Commander, and six master warriors from the affiliated kingdoms such as Pierce, Drogba, and [Wind and Fire Dual Warriors] as Battalion Commanders and Team Commanders .

In the last few days, the situation changed a lot .

First, both Jax Empire and Eindhoven Empire declared war against Zenit .

Then, St . Germain Empire entered an alliance with Zenit Empire . The Crown Prince Girano and the No . 1 General Pastori of St . Germain each led 50,000 soldiers as reinforcements to the Spartax Battle Zone and the Eindhoven Battle Zone .

From the newest information Zenit got, the Jax Empire had already placed 100,000 soldiers on the border, and they already started to attack . The most important city in the northwest region of Zenit called Dual-Flags City was under siege, and the soldiers of the Jax Empire were able to potentially enter the key regions of Zenit very soon .

The first mission of [Wolf Teeth Legion] was to hold against the siege of three legions of the Jax Empire and make sure that the northwest region of Zenit doesn’t fall into the hands of the enemies . On top of that, they should counter-invade the Jax Empire when the opportunity arises .

Everyone had to admit that this was a tough mission; it could be called Mission Impossible .

For the last 10 years, the Jax Empire was the most dominating empire in the area . Their soldiers had the best training, and they had [Griffin Legion] that was known as the Ruler of the Sky . This legion had high mobility, and it was hard to defend against them as they could appear at any time . Even though the 10 main battle legions of Zenit had a lot of battle experience, [Blizzard Legion], one of the 10 main battle legions, had fought with the legions of the Jax Empire and lost most of the time .

[Wolf Teeth Legion] was only constructed recently, and most of the soldiers were grassroots warriors from the affiliated kingdoms . They had never been in big wars, and they lacked good coordination . In the eyes of many people, this legion was really bad, and it was no different to suicide if they had to battle against the Jax Empire .

“Be careful . Try to prolong the war and don’t engage with them head-on; try to save strength . If you can prolong the war for three to four months, it would count as a victory . ”

This was what Tanasha told Fei before he left .

At the same time, she gave him four small magic boxes . She told him that he could open up the boxes in order once he encountered difficulties .

“Giggles…… come back alive~ Actually, the Military Headquarter doesn’t even think that you can win against Jax . If you can cause enough trouble for them and they couldn’t get together with Spartax and Eindhoven, it would count as a victory! If you encounter any internal troubles, make sure you tell me about it and I will take care of it for you!”

This was what Paris told Fei before he left .

What she said was similar to Tanasha, and she also gave Fei four magic boxes . If Fei didn’t know that these two most famous females of Zenit didn’t like each other and would never coordinate, Fei would have thought that these two were pranking him .



* * *





Chapter 371




Chapter 371

On an endless desert .

A few vultures were devouring a rotten corpse .

The corpse was soon torn apart, and the blackish gooey blood slid down the sharp beaks . As the internal organs of the corpse were exposed, a disgusting smell dispersed in the air .

Suddenly, a vulture that was enjoying its feast looked up .

As if it heard something, a confused expression appeared on its face .

Whoosh!

An arrow flew in the air and passed by like lightning .

The sharp arrow pierced through this vulture’s head mercilessly, and its body was nailed to the ground . However, this vulture didn’t die right away . It screamed in pain, and its peers were all scared away and flew into the sky as they screamed loudly .

They all sensed the approaching danger .

However –

Whoosh!

Whoosh!

Whoosh!

As bowstring vibration noises and air-piercing noises sounded, several arrows flew out behind the hills . These arrows drew several silver lines in the air, and they shot down the vultures that were trying to get away .

Then, clip-clopping noises sounded .

Two fully armored cavaliers dashed out behind the hills; they were wearing black armors and black devil masks, and they each had a bow in their hand .

Their mounts were more than three meters tall, and these two mounts looked like horses that had a cloud of flame on each of their hooves – they were level 4 Roaring Flame Beasts .

Although these two mounts were big, the two men on them were bulky and muscular as well so it didn’t look weird . Actually, the combination looked ferocious judging from afar .

One of the cavaliers had long blonde hair . When he took off the devil mask, it revealed a sharp square face with thick eyebrows that looked just and brave .

He jumped off of his mount causally, and it seemed like he was used to seeing this kind of corpses and smelling this kind of stinky odor . After he observed the scene for a while, he pulled out his sword, dug out a pit, and buried the corpse in it .

His actions were very smooth, and it felt like he buried a lot of corpses this way .

“John, I checked everything . He is wearing Zenit style clothes, and he should be about 50 years old . He got killed by an arrow, and the arrow is still on him . I can tell that the arrow is the Blood-Feather Arrow that the cavaliers of Jax like to use . ”

The man jumped back onto his mount and said to his comrade angrily .

“Sh*t! These bastards of Jax! They don’t even show mercy to the civilians of Zenit! For the last while, we had seen more than 100 corpses like this!” the cavalier named John cursed angrily after he heard his comrade’s judgment; he was thin, white, and had no beard .

“We are already close to the border . The most important city in this region, Dual Flags City, is less than 50 kilometers away . The situation must be bad as the soldiers of Jax dare to get into the territory of Zenit and murder our civilians! We must report this back to Mr . Shevchenko and Mr . Cech! I suspect that the scouts and the cavaliers of Jax already bypassed the defense of Dual-Flags City and gained control of the area! We must be careful!”

“Huh! When King Alexander His Majesty gets here, we will beat the sh*t out of these bastards!” John Terry said, “Let’s go and report back to the Team Commander first!”

“Wait, I hear something……” the blonde-haired cavalier signaled his comrade and listened carefully .

“Don’t have to listen…… it is the bastards of Jax…… they are here……” John Terry put on his devil musk and pointed at more than 20 fully armored cavaliers of Jax on the side of the hill .

These cavaliers of Jax didn’t show any flags .

However, their brown robes and armors revealed their identities .

Most of Jax’s territory were deserts, and the mounts of their cavaliers were a type of level 2 Demon Beast called Sand Tiger; they were known as [Boats in the Desert] . These Demon Beasts looked like warhorses, but they were bigger with fatter hooves that allowed them to travel fast on the sand . On top of that, they were physically strong and mastered some low-level sand magic spells such as Sand Spikes and Sand Traps .

“One…… two…… six…… 10…… huh, there are a total of 22 enemies . John, what do you say?” the blonde-haired cavalier licked his lips and held onto his bow tightly; he was excited .

“They discovered us? They are trying to surround us?” under the two VS 22 disadvantage situation, John Terry was very excited . After he made a hand gesture at the blond-haired cavalier named Ruiz Smith, he lightly kicked the belly of the Roaring Flame Beast and dashed at the 22 cavaliers of Jax as he and his mount achieved perfect coordination .

“Go! Teach these bastards a lesson!” lights flashed in the eyes of John Terry and Ruiz Smith .

They were excited because they knew what this represented .

This was the first real war that the Saint Seiyas of Chambord ever engaged in . After thinking about the domination that their king showed in the past, these two cavaliers weren’t going to retreat; they wanted to use their actions to tell their enemies that Chambord is here!

Whoosh!

Whoosh! Whoosh!

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

Ruiz Smith and John Terry both pulled the bowstrings and shot out at the same time .

As bowstring vibration noises sounded, arrows were shot out like raindrops in a storm . The white fletching of the arrows drew several white lines in the air as they dashed at the enemies . The range of these arrows was farther than most arrows, and that caught the cavaliers of Jax by surprise . Several whines sounded as six cavaliers of Jax were shot and turned into corpses .

“Sh*t! Charge! There are only two of them!”

“Damn it! Kill them! Skin these two dirty Zenit cavaliers alive!”

“I will chop them into meat paste!”

The death of their comrades didn’t scare off these enemies . Rather, they got more vicious .

As they lowered their centers of gravity and lied against the Sand Tigers to avoid getting shot, they increased their charging speed . The well-trained Sand Tigers let out roars and dashed forward rapidly; more than a dozen dusty trails appeared, and it looked terrifying .

The distance between them was closing .

Arrows would lose their effectiveness within 20 meters .

Cruel smiles appeared on the faces of the cavaliers of Jax .

The arrows of their enemies killed six of their comrades, but they were still at a numbers advantage .

“Although their archery skills are good, our blade will easily break through their weak armors and muscles…… . We will drown them in their own blood!” they thought .

In the last few days, they went through the region and killed all the citizens of Zenit, who didn’t get into the Dual-Flags City in time, just to entertain themselves .

The feeling of their blades cutting through limbs and organs, the cries and the screams of their victims……

These cavaliers had been indulged in this experience, and they couldn’t wait to kill these two people in front of them .

As they dashed forward, the cavaliers of Jax felt like their blood was boiling . They already saw what their preys were wearing, and the devil masks on their preys didn’t scare them……

However……

Woooooo!

A strange noise sounded as four dark shadows appeared in their peripherals . Like four small tornadoes, these four shadows flew at them two meters above the ground .

The blood of the four cavaliers of Jax who were charging at the front turned cold .

“Ah……”

“Throwing axes……”

The screams only sounded for a second before they were put to a stop as if someone pinched the throat of these cavaliers .

Then, four crackling noises sounded .

Blood and broke limbs flew into the air . These four cavaliers and their mounts were hit by the throwing axes that were the size of shields; even though two of them reacted fast and defended with their swords, it was useless . With brute force, the four throwing axes chopped the four cavaliers and the four Sand Tigers into 16 pieces .

Such power!

Terrifying cavaliers of Zenit!

The cavaliers of Jax no longer felt like they were in control . The threat of death approached them as 10 of their peers were killed before they got close to their enemies . This drastic change made the 12 of them feel very uncomfortable .

However, it was too late for them to feel this way .

What happened next broke the last 12 cavaliers of Jax .

The two scouts of Zenit laughed like madmen as they held a short ax in each of their hands . Although these short axes looked normal, they were so sharp that they were able to easily cut through metal . Even though the cavaliers of Jax were using the top-tier blades that were forged over 100 times, their weapons and their bodies were cut through easily .

Such nice axes!

Such nice techniques!

The short axes that were more than 1,000 pounds each looked like straws in the hands of these two cavaliers of Zenit as there were even afterimages in the air .

After lights flashed and blood spilled, only four cavaliers of Jax were left .

This…… wasn’t even a close battle .



* * *





Chapter 372




Chapter 372

At the moment, these four cavaliers of Jax felt like these two devils in front of them could even handle 200 of them .

Their mounts were Sand Tigers that dominated in the desert, but they were useless in this encounter . When these level 2 Sand Tigers cast [Sand Spikes] and [Sand Traps], the magic energies that formed the spikes and traps all collapsed as if they encountered a huge obstacle .

After the cavaliers of Jax took a better look at the light flames around the hooves of these horses, the thick scales on their bodies, and the sharp teeth in their mouths, the survived cavaliers of Jax realized that their enemies’ mounts weren’t regular horses but special Demon Beasts . The auras of higher-level Demon Beasts were able to destruct the magic spells of the Sand Tigers quietly .

They couldn’t match their opponents in terms of archery skills .

They couldn’t match their opponents in terms of weapons .

They couldn’t match their opponents in terms of strength .

They couldn’t match their opponents in terms of mounts .

“Who are these two? The Royal Guards of Zenit?”

The four cavaliers of Jax gasped as they realized that it was a bad idea not going to a fortune teller today since they encountered the elite scouts of Zenit .

After they realized what was going on, they no longer dared to stay here longer and start the second charge; they kicked the Sand Tigers with the spurs and tried to escape .

These four cavaliers went in four different directions as they understood each other’s intention . They had to go back and pass on the message – “The reinforcement from Zenit is here! They are here now! They are terrifying!”

Although the Sand Tigers were fast, they weren’t faster than the arrows .

John Terry and Ruiz Smith didn’t give the enemies the opportunity to escape . They both shot out an arrow each and killed two cavaliers . They knocked out the other two cavaliers and tied them to the back of their mounts .

After the battle was over, John Terry and Ruiz Smith stripped the armors and weapons off of the corpses, and they decapitated all of them and piled the heads together . They then stabbed a spear on the ground and placed the head of the leader of this cavalier group on the tip of it, and they took a brown cape and placed it under the head .

Like a flag of death, this cape fluttered in the air with these words on it –

“Greeting from the Saint Seiyas who are under the command of the king of Chambord . ”

After this was done, John Terry and Ruiz Smith both kept their king’s thrifty style .

They packed up all the items of their enemies, including broke blades and torn armors . They also took the 14 Sand Tigers that were still alive . These well-trained Demon Beasts were ferocious at first, but they no longer dared to resist after the two Roaring Flame Beasts roared at them .

……

……

The night arrived .

It was ultra-cold in the desert during the winter time; water would be instantly frozen into ice outside .

It was impossible to travel in this weather, and the first brigade of [Wolf Teeth Legion] had to camp beside a hill to avoid the strong wind . As the herald brigade of [Wolf Teeth Legion], they traveled more than 800 kilometers in two days and was now only 100 kilometers away from Dual-Flags City .

This speed was already very fast .

If everything was smooth, they could be able to enter Dual-Flags City when the sun appears on the horizon tomorrow .

Looking from the above, the campsite looked like a turtle . There was an oval-shaped inner camp, and there were also six branch camps that looked like the four legs, the head, and the tail of a turtle . Any kinds of movement outside of the campsite would be spotted instantly .

Inside the campsite, there were a lot of brand-new tents; they could bring the most amount of warmth to the soldier . Also, there were lots of patrolling soldiers who were wearing thick jackets .

These were the items that Fei asked from the Military Headquarter after thinking about the weather at the Jax Battle Zone and listening to old Aryang’s advice . Perhaps it was due to Fei’s fame after he defeated the three Moon-Class Elites, perhaps it was due to Angela’s hard work, perhaps it was due to the fact that the Chambord Kingdom was already a monumental force of the empire, the officials at the Military Headquarter who were known to be greedy and selfish didn’t procrastinate at all . After Fei asked them for the items, [Wolf Teeth Legion] got everything the next day .

As the Legion Commander, Fei’s image instantly became brighter in the eyes of the soldiers .

To the ordinary soldiers, fame and status of the Legion Commander were all useless . In comparison, having the ability to get everything from the Military Headquarter was a lot more valuable . From their own experiences, even the ten main battle legions of Zenit didn’t even get the full funding and equipment this fast from the fat and greedy officials .

Since they were already near the battlefield, Brigade Commander Shevchenko took the advice of the Deputy Brigade Commander Cech and hid about 100 elite scouts around the campsite in case the cavaliers of Jax came to harass them .

Inside the huge white tent at the center of the campsite that was lit up, Shevchenko, Cech, Drogba, Pierce, Kanort, and Huerk were looking at the map that was on the table . They carefully studied the terrain around Dual-Flags City as they listened to the reports from the scouts they sent out today .

They were trying to do the last bit of preparation for tomorrow’s meet up . As long as this brigade entered Dual-Flags City, it would have completed the first mission that Zenit gave to [Wolf Teeth Legion] .

After that, Shevchenko and others would only need to coordinate with the defending forces at Dual-Flags City and hold against the invasion from soldiers of Jax until the rest of [Wolf Teeth Legion] gets here .

“Not bad! You two did a good job! Haha, there are two captured enemies?”

After Drogba listened to the report from John Terry and Ruiz Smith, he laughed and praised them; he wished that he was there to kill the enemies . He then looked at the two beat-up cavaliers of Jax and shouted angrily, “So these bastards killed the thousands of civilians of Zenit whose corpses we saw on the way here? Fu*k! Too bad that fatty Oleg isn’t here . Otherwise, he will make these two wish that they could be killed!”

At this moment, these men missed that flatterer Oleg . Although that fatty loved to flatter others, he was good at interrogations . If he was here, these two cavaliers would tell him everything after half an hour or so .

“Eh, kill us if you want . Don’t be too proud of yourselves! Our head commander Prince Heitinga is coming with reinforcement, and your skulls will all be made into wine cups!” one of the cavaliers shouted as he struggled .

No wonder the cavaliers of Jax were known for their viciousness . Even though these two cavaliers were prisoners, they were still ferocious like the wolves who have fallen to the trap of hunters . Although the language of the Jax Empire was a little bit different compared to the language of the Zenit Empire, they were similar enough for the warriors inside the tent to understand what these two prisoners were saying .

Pia! Pia!

John Terry and Ruiz Smith grabbed onto the two prisoners and slapped them; these two vicious cavaliers of Jax were instantly knocked out .

“Lock them up and interrogate them separately . Try to get to know the distribution of troops of the enemies,” Shevchenko and Cech looked at each other and ordered . Although these two cavaliers didn’t seem like they know much, any information about the enemies was good .

Soon, John Terry and Ruiz Smith took the prisoners out of the tent .

“According to the reports from the 50 Saint Seiyas, it seems like the enemies are powerful . The mayor of Dual-Flags City Soroyev pulled all of the soldiers back into the city to defend, but it allowed the invaders to enter our territory and commit crimes . Technically, we are already in the enemies’ territory . We have to be careful from now on . Let’s enter Dual-Flags City by tomorrow morning . ”

Shevchenko was the prince of an affiliated kingdom, and he had some experience regarding leading troops . He was patient, valiant, intelligent, brave, and powerful; these were the exact reasons why Fei decided to make him the brigade commander .

Cech nodded and said to others, “We have to be careful and change tonight’s patrolling shifts more frequently . Since the enemies lost about 300 soldiers today to our scouts, they might try to raid us in the night . We can’t allow anything to happen!”

The other battalion commanders took the order and left the tent .

Now, there were only Cech and Shevchenko in the tent .

After they looked at each other again, Cech walked out of the tent and told the guards not to let anyone in . He then closed the gate to the tent and returned .

Suddenly, he and Shevchenko both bowed at the back of the tent and said, “Mr . Legion Commander, are you happy with our arrangements?”

“Hahaha! Great! Didn’t I tell you guys that do whatever you deem necessary? Just treat me as a nobody! In terms of commanding the troops and strategizing about the war, I’m not as good as you guys yet!”

As a burst of laughter sounded, a tall and muscular figure walked out from the back of the tent .

Who could it be if it wasn’t the king of level 1 affiliated kingdom – Chambord, the level 2 noble of Zenit, [Wolf Teeth Legion]’s Commander, and the No . 1 Commander of the Jax Battle Zone?



* * *





Chapter 373




Chapter 373

Chapter 373: The Chronicle of Azeroth

If Kanort, Huerk, Drogba, and Pierce were here, they would be shocked to see that the Legion Commander who was supposed to be with the rest of [Wolf Teeth Legion] was now inside the herald brigade .

It was too surprising .

“Your Majesty…… Eh, Sir,” Cech wasn’t used to the new way of addressing Fei yet . Since they were in the military, he needed to address Fei by calling him Legion Commander or Sir instead of Your Majesty .

Cech carefully suggested, “Should we send out a messenger tonight? So the mayor of Dual-Flags City Soroyov could prepare ahead of time . It would be much easier to enter……”

“No need,” Fei thought about and rejected this suggestion . “Dual-Flags City is already surrounded by the soldiers of Jax . Our messenger couldn’t get into the city even if he tried,” he said .

Cech and Shevchenko were both stunned .

They didn’t know how the Legion Commander knew that the enemies surrounded Dual-Flags City; the reports they got from the scouts showed that the enemies hadn’t surrounded the city yet . From the look on Fei’s face, Cech and Shevchenko knew that Fei was confident, and they all believed him .

“You two should get some rest…… huh?” as Fei was speaking to Cech and Shevchenko, his face suddenly changed color .

At that moment, he sensed a few vague auras that flashed by . It felt like there were mysterious people who were looking for something, and they tried to hide their traces by moving very slowly . Although their auras were hard to be discovered by others, they were as bright as fireflies at night to Fei .

Since these auras were hostility and murderous, Fei knew that they were his enemies .

Fei didn’t say anything to Cech and Shevchenko . He closed his eyes and spread out his spiritual power . His vast amount of spiritual energy got sent out like waves, and he was able to monitor everything that was around him in a one-kilometer radius; he could even sense which cactus was moving in the wind outside the camp .

There was a bunch of powerful warriors behind the hill to the west of the campsite .

……

……

As the cold wind blew across the desert, and a few dry thorns shivered in the wind as frost enveloped them .

The breathings of beasts lightly sounded, and the breaths of four Sand Tigers that were much larger and stronger than regular Sand Tigers could be seen in the cold . There were four fully armored cavaliers on them, and the leading cavalier was sturdy and wearing a black mask; only his eyes were visible .

With murderous intent flashing in his eyes, this leading cavalier stared at the campsite of the herald brigade of [Wolf Teeth Legion] .

Behind these four cavaliers who looked like the captains, there were 400 regular cavaliers who were wearing brown armors, carrying sharp blades, and riding on Sand Tigers . These 400 cavaliers all held onto their breaths, and their well-trained mounts were all biting on a wooden stick each to prevent them from making any noises .

“A Six-Star Warrior, three Five-Star Warriors, and two Four-Star Warriors…… this herald brigade of Zenit is pretty powerful and has good equipment,” the leading cavalier said slowly, “No wonder they could kill 367 of our elite Sand Tiger Cavaliers . Hehe, Saint Seiyas under the king of Chambord? I want to fight them……”

“Even if they are powerful, how can they fight against the [Sky Splitting Blade] in your hand?” a cavalier beside him laughed, “Let’s wait for a few hours . When these soldiers of Zenit let their guards down, we can charge at them . I’m sure that we can destroy them in about 30 minutes .

“Have we, [Black Torrent], ever been scared of anyone? Mr . Kerman, since Prince Heitinga is coming with the reinforcement, we should cut off the head of this herald troop’s commander and make it into a gift for His Highness,” another cavalier suggested .

Kerman nodded and was about to make an order, but he saw the fourth captain-like cavalier wanting to say something . After seeing the hesitation, he asked, “Ari, what do you think?”

Ari lightly bowed and carefully suggested, “Mr . Kerman, from the reports we got today, these soldiers of Zenit are impressive . Since they have level 4 Roaring Flame Beasts as mounts, they must be the Royal Elite Force of Zenit; we shouldn’t underestimate them . In the rumors, the Legion Commander of [Wolf Teeth Legion] Chambord King Alexander is a top-tier warrior as well…… I think…… I think…… we should take it slow and aim for security . We can wait for Heitinga His Highness to arrive before we take any serious military operation . ”

“Huh! Ari, your bravery is leaving you by the day! Just because a few defeated soldiers exaggerated the enemies’ strength to try to avoid punishment, you believe their words?” the other two cavaliers beside Kerman refuted .

“Whatever, stop fighting . Everyone rest for two hours . After two hours, we will raid the campsite of Zenit immediately . Remember, our mission is to charge into the central tent and kill the commander . You guys can keep others busy, and I will kill that Six-Star Commander . As soon as I kill him, we need to retreat right away . ”

Kerman pointed at the campsite at the foot of the hill and made the final decision .

A yellow magic lantern lit up the central tent, and Fei was sitting at the back of the tent and reading a book named [The Chronicle of Azeroth] that was more than 2,500 pages thick .

After he defeated Costakarta, Huntelaar, and Amauri, he kept all of their spatial storage rings . Cain soon broke the seals on these rings, and Fei took out all of the items in them . Except for a lot of magic gems, there were also various types of training scrolls and miscellaneous items; that allowed Fei to become a little richer .

This book [The Chronicle of Azeroth] was one of the items that Fei got from Costakarta’s spatial storage ring, and it was vital to someone like Fei who had almost zero knowledge about this continent . In this book, it recorded all kinds of historical events and all types of knowledge; it was pretty much an encyclopedia .

This book was very precious as it felt like this was the only copy created . Different from the standard history books that the Royal Library of Chambord and the Public Library of Zenit in St . Petersburg carried, it recorded a lot of secret events, that were covered by the dust of time, in detail .

In the last few days, Fei had been reading this book earnestly, and his understanding of Azeroth Continent also improved drastically .

Through this book, Fei understood the rankings, tiers, and levels of the Moon-Class Elites .

Didn’t matter if it were Combat Weapon Warriors, Beast Soul Warriors, or ordinary Moon-Class Elites, they could be divided into three ranks: New Moon, Half Moon, and Full Moon . Every rank could be divided into three tiers: low-tier, mid-tier, and high-tier, and every tier could be divided into ten levels .

Compared to star-level, there were a lot more levels in the Moon-Class .

If the Star-level Warriors represented the bottom of the food chain on this continent ruled by the law of the jungle, then the Moon-Class Elites were the backbones of each empire . Their strengths presented a strong voice and a path of cultivation .

From reading the training notes of the three Moon-Class Elites, Fei knew that Costakarta was taken by military operations and wars and had little time to spent on cultivation . Costakarta was the weakest of the three and was a level 1 low-tier New Moon Warrior; he pretty much just stepped over the threshold between Star-level Warriors and Moon-Class Elites .

In comparison, Amauri and Huntelaar were both level 3 low-tier New Moon Warriors .

From this, Fei was able to estimate that Krasic who unleashed all of his power and defeated the four Moon-Class Elites was a level 1 mid-tier New Moon Warrior .

Except for Emperor Yassin who he couldn’t estimate, Krasic was the most powerful warrior Fei have ever encountered . As for Priest Balesi, Fei felt like he was a level 2 or level 3 low-tier New Moon Warrior .

After Star-level Warriors created the nine star-whirls and combined them, the warrior energy inside their bodies would convert into a liquid form from a gas form . The star-swirls would also turn into one cold sphere that looked like a moon, and that was where the name Moon-Class came from . The path of Moon-Class Elites was to fill that sphere up with liquid-form Warrior Energy gradually .

On [The Chronicle of Azeroth], Fei also read a lot about the enemy Jax Empire .

The Jax Empire was adjacent to the Zenit Empire and the Eindhoven Empire, but its territory was much larger than these two empires combined . However, most of its land were deserts, and it had less population as a result . Most of its land was uninhabited, and its citizens all lived on the few oases by the major rivers .

This was a strong empire to conquer .

Due to the harsh environment, the people of Jax had to fight for their survival and were all perseverant and patient . On the negative, these people were vicious, murderous, and liked to invade others . Since they lacked a lot of necessary resources, the people of Jax frequently harasses and robbed the empires besides them . With Sand Tigers as their mounts, the Desert Bandits of Jax who were fast, untraceable, and murderous were the nightmares of a lot of people who lived close to the Jax Empire .



* * *





Chapter 374




Chapter 374

Chapter 374: Let the Real Master Come Out

According to history books, the Desert Bandits of Jax frequently harassed the western regions of Zenit after Emperor Yassin established the empire .

As a result, genius Emperor Yassin who was at his prime took his troops to the west and conquered the Capital of Jax, Amsterdam, without even losing a single battle . The ruler of Zenit killed more than 100 masters of Jax, defeated the emperor of Jax, and captured more than 1,000 nobles and royals of Jax; it was an epic victory .

The Jax Empire almost got wiped out, and it didn’t fully recover until after ten years .

In that ten years, the Jax Empire got a new emperor who was very intelligent, and he was known as Emperor Fuji . The majesty of the Royal Family got restored, and Jax recovered fast under his lead .

At the moment, genius Emperor Yassin who was the nightmare to a lot of people of Jax was on the verge of dying, and Emperor Fuji of Jax was young and in his prime . As time passed, the Jax Empire that never forgot about the shame Emperor Yassin brought to them was aching for revenge .

During the Martial Saint Battle, No . 1 Swordsman of Jax, Huntelaar, sneak attacked Krasic and showed the resistance of Jax .

Fei vaguely knew about this part of history, but it wasn’t as clear and as detailed as it was recorded in [The Chronicle of Azeroth] .

Fei followed one of many advice from Sun Tzu – “If you know the enemy and know yourself, you need not fear the result of a hundred battles . ” For the last while, he would read this book whenever he had time . Before his legion even reached the border and saw the enemies, he already knew a lot about the Jax Empire . At this point, he knew a lot more about his enemies than the people around him .

The central tent was still lit up, and the coldness got worse as the night continued .

……

“Time is up! Everyone ready! Charge!”

Kerman who was on top of the hill smiled viciously as he looked at the quiet campsite and signaled the Sand Tiger Cavaliers to charge . Right after he did that, he kicked the Sand Tiger with the spur and charged down first .

Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam!

All the Sand Tiger Cavaliers followed behind him tightly .

Like a black torrent, all of them charged at the campsite of Zenit that was 500 meters away in silence like a bunch of murderous beasts .

This was the first time that the formal soldiers of Jax and the formal soldiers of Zenit fought each other in a long time .

To the fierce warriors who lived in rough environments such as desert, this was the start to their journey of redemption .

404 sharp blades glared under the moonlight, and the lights that reflected off of them would even hurt someone’s skin; these blades were thirsty for the enemies’ blood .

When they were about 20 meters away from the campsite of Zenit, they were finally spotted by the soldier of Zenit in the dark .

“Remember! Don’t get too consumed in the battle! We need to get to the central tent and kill their commander as soon as we can!” Kerman pulled out the huge and strangely-shaped blade on his back that was about two meters tall and shouted; his voice was as loud as thunder .

“Charge! Charge! Charge! Charge! Charge! Charge!” the 403 Sand Tiger Cavaliers behind him no longer stayed silent; they all shouted with Kerman .

At that moment, the quietness immediately turned into ferociousness as if a tornado blew across a calm lake .

Boom!

Kerman slashed with his blade, and the white warrior energy instantly dashed out of the blade and destroyed the fence that blocked their way .

“Ahahahah…… We are under attack! Get up! Enemies are coming!”

“Oh, god! The Sand Tiger Cavaliers of Jax!…… Sentries! Where the fu*k are you guys? When did the enemies appear?”

“Get up! Get your weapons! Damn it!”

The soldiers of Zenit inside the campsite instantly fell into a state of chaos after they realized what was going on .

Shouts and screams sounded frequently, and soldiers were running around everywhere like ants that got their ant nest flooded; there were even soldiers running around butt-naked with swords in their hands .

All the Sand Tiger Cavaliers looked down at these soldiers, and they easily charged into the campsite of Zenit after Kerman created an entrance; they almost didn’t face any resistance, and the entire process was as easy as sticking a hot rod into butter .

These 404 Sand Tiger Cavaliers were well-trained and coordinated with each other well . Their formation was perfect, and their mounts created loud noises that made people feel sick to their stomachs .

In the blink of an eye, the central tent was only about 100 meters away from them .

“There it is! Charge and kill their commander!”

Under the lead of Kerman, the cavaliers changed into a vicious V-shaped formation and dashed at the central tent .

“Kill their commander!”

“Kill him!”

“The honor of the first victory in this war belongs to the brave Jax Empire!”

As the Sand Tiger Cavaliers thought about that, they finally encountered some defenses . However, these defenses were fragile as if someone was trying to stop a fast-flowing river by using a few bricks . The Sand Tiger Cavaliers weren’t slowed down at all; in fact, they didn’t even suffer any injuries .

It couldn’t be any smoother .

“Wait…… something is fishy!”

Sand Tiger Cavalier Ari who was right behind Kerman had an ominous feeling . He felt like the soldiers of Zenit were pretending to fight against them; no one charged at them for real, and the soldiers that were behind them didn’t even chase after them . He felt like the soldiers of Zenit were chaotic but not anxious; it seemed like these soldiers were letting them in on purpose .

However, he couldn’t think much as the time was tight .

“Kill!”

The central tent was right in front of them, and Kerman shouted as he jumped into the air . In mid-air, he chopped down, and the flashy blade energy struck towards the tent .

Boom!

The ground shook heavily as the energy exploded .

However, what these Sand Tiger Cavaliers expected didn’t occur .

Before that energy landed on the tent, it was blocked by a transparent shield . The blade energy that was enough to destroy a small hill didn’t affect that shield at all . As if Kerman just cracked an egg on a diamond, his blade energy disappeared .

Everything didn’t just stop there . After that, a huge repulsive force came off of the shield and smashed onto Kerman .

Kerman was knocked back, and his face immediately paled .

“They have a master warrior!” Kerman landed back onto his Sand Tiger as he was shocked .

At this moment, sudden changes occurred again .

A series of shouts sounded as numerous torches lit up . Elite soldiers of Zenit who were fully armored and armed surrounded these 404 Sand Tiger Cavaliers like the ocean around a small island .

“We have been tricked! They are prepared for this!”

At this point, even idiots knew that soldiers of Zenit had prepared the trap and were waiting for them to fall into it .

“Mr . Kerman! We need to retreat! We can escape if we all dash toward one direction . ” Ari was a fast thinker, and he quickly suggested to the head commander of the Sand Tiger Cavaliers . At this moment, the two captains who convinced Kerman to raid the campsite of Zenit were all quiet .

“Ok, let’s all charge at west!”

Kerman was a decisive person . After knowing that there was a master warrior who protected the central tent using his or her strength, Kerman knew that he couldn’t get the victory tonight . Therefore, he quickly made up his mind and lead his cavaliers towards the west direction .

He was very confident in the penetration abilities of the Sand Tiger Cavaliers; even though they failed the raid, retreating safely shouldn’t be a problem .

At this moment, a strange roar sounded .

“Wooooo…… Bark! Bark! Bark!!!”

It sounded like the bark of a dog, but Kerman couldn’t believe that a dog was able to shout like this . There was so much pressure in the sound waves that the Sand Tiger Cavalier felt dizzy, and they somehow smelled the odor of sulfur .

Puff……

The Sand Tigers that got names such as [Boats in the Desert] all shivered after they heard that noise . As if they were dogs who saw a Holy Dragon, these mounts that the soldiers of Jax were proud of all defecated uncontrollably and fell to the ground as they whined .

“High-level Demon Beast?”

“There is a High-level Demon Beast in this campsite?”

Only the pressure coming from a High-level Demon Beast could scare the level 2 Sand Tigers . From the look of it, Kerman knew that he was very unlucky as the Demon Beast in the campsite of Zenit was either a level 7 or level 8 Demon Beast .

After the Sand Tigers surrendered, the cavaliers of Jax lost the mobility that they were proud of . It was impossible for them to escape when 6,000 well-equipped soldiers surrounded them .

They established a circular defense formation in a short time; they left their backs to their comrades as they faced off the soldiers of Zenit .

“I’m Kerman, the third disciple of the Martial Saint of Jax! Zenit’s Commander, do you dare to walk out and face me?” with his blade in his hand, Kerman asked loudly . Even though he was in a terrible situation, he didn’t look defeated at all .

Whoosh!

A bunch of soldier of Zenit who had huge shields and weapons moved aside, and they revealed the central tent that they were protecting . The gate of the tent opened, and six fully-armored master warriors walked out of it; they were Shevchenko, Cech, Drogba, Pierce, Kanort, and Huerk .

“I’m the commander of this herald brigade, Andrew Shevchenko,”

with his hand on his huge sword, Shevchenko replied calmly as a powerful aura appeared on him .

“You?…… You are powerful, but you couldn’t defend against my attack that easily,” Kerman said as he walked out of the formation and shook his head, “Let the real master warrior come out . Otherwise, you six couldn’t handle me,” he stated .



* * *





Chapter 375




Chapter 375

Chapter 375: Who…… Are You?

Shevchenko and Cech both didn’t get mad; this warrior of Jax who was bulky was stronger than them . They looked at each other and smiled, and they then moved aside and made a wider path .

Kerman looked pass them .

His pupil contracted instantly when he saw the figure sitting in the tent .

Inside the bright tent, there was a person who was sitting on a stone chair in a relaxed manner and reading a thick book . He was dressed casually, and his thick long black hair looked like a waterfall . Although Kerman couldn’t see this man’s face clearly, he could tell that this man who was wearing a loose robe and not wearing any shoes was in a world of his own .

Beside this man, there was a strange beast that was four meters tall . Although it was laying beside this man, Kerman could tell that its legs were as thick as pillars . Its long black mane covered more than half of its head, its sharp white teeth could tear through anything, and hostility flashed in its huge crystal-like eyes . What was most shocking was that smell of sulfur came of its mouth as if it was going to spit out fire……

If this beast didn’t have the black and smooth fur, Kerman might have believed that this beast was a dragon that disappeared ages ago from the continent; that smell of sulfur and heavy pressure were all critical features of a dragon .

Kerman’s heart was sinking to his stomach slowly; he knew the strange roar that made the Sand Tigers lose their abilities to move came from this beast .

Also, he couldn’t sense the power level of the young man sitting in the tent . He felt like this man was an ordinary person who didn’t have any power, but it was impossible since his full-power strike was dismantled by this man easily .

There was only one explanation – this man was far beyond his realm of strength .

“Danger!” he thought .

As if the man who was reading the book in the tent sensed Kerman’s stares, he looked up and smiled .

“You were saying that you want to see me . Now you saw me, is it time for you to kneel down and surrender?” that handsome man said .

Of course, this man was the king of Chambord who created this scenario to show off .

He liked to treat the people who were close to him well, but it was good for his mental health if he acted in front of his enemies and showed off frequently .

On top of that, this was the first time that he led a legion to war, and he had to act cool and mighty .

Kerman held his huge blade tightly and took a deep breath to calm himself down .

“Kneel down and surrender?” Kerman laughed, “The Jax Empire only has warriors who fight until death on the battleground and doesn’t have cowards who would surrender……” he slowly glanced around at the soldiers of Zenit who tightly surrounded him and continued, “And it is not like we can’t get out of here if we tried . ”

“Haha? Getting through my herald brigade as a team of 404 people?”

As if he heard a ridiculous joke, Fei laughed and shook his head, “If I want to, the 404 of you would be turned into meat pastes in less than 10 minutes . You will all be decapitated; your heads will be pilled into a small mountain, and your headless corpses will be thrown onto the desert so coyotes and vultures can have a feast . We can just do what you did to our civilians!”

“Kill! Kill! Kill!”

Fei’s words triggered the anger in the soldiers of Zenit’s minds, and the 6,000 soldiers all shouted as they knocked their metal armors with their weapons and took a few steps forward in unison . The metal-colliding noises and shouts created a surge of invisible energy, and the murderous spirits skyrocketed; it was just breathtaking .

Fei put down his book an suddenly stood up . “You can try if you want!” he sneered .

As he stood up, a thick and concentrated murderous spirit surged . At that moment, Kerman felt like he was standing in a sea of blood and corpses, and numerous terrifying screams were sounding in all directions; for a moment he felt like he was on an ancient and cruel battlefield, and for a moment he felt like he was in hell .

“Such a terrifying presence!!

Kerman instantly felt the indefensible pressure on him; it felt like he was carrying several mountains on his back . He started to resist subconsciously, and his bones began to crack as if they were being smashed .

He knew that he was wrong; too wrong!

“What this man said is true…… he doesn’t even need to order the 6,000 soldiers to attack…… none of us in [Black Torrent] can get out if this man makes his move…… He only released his aura, and I, a Seven-Star Warrior, can’t even stand straight…… Too terrifying,” he thought .

“Who…… who are you……?” Kerman asked bitterly as he leaned against his blade that he stabbed into the ground and tried to stand straight .

“I am the king of Chambord, King Alexander!”

“So…… so it is you…… I heard… . . I heard about you before . I was wrong, you…… Puff!” Kerman took several pauses as the pressure on him was too much . In the end, blood spurted out of his mouth, and his knees bent; he couldn’t hold on any longer .

“Drop your weapon, kneel down, and surrender . If you do that, I will show some mercy and let the cavaliers under you to leave alive,” Fei said as he squinted his eyes and smiled strangely .

“Impossible!” Kerman tried his best to stand straight and shouted, “The warriors of Jax would never…… never kneel down…… . they are all…… the bravest…… warriors!”

“Yeah, they are brave warriors……” Fei looked at the startled expressions on the faces of some cavaliers of Jax and sighed, “To my knowledge, their mission was only to clean out the area within a 100-kilometer radius of Dual-Flags City . It was a simple mission, and they didn’t need to attack the herald brigade of Zenit . Too bad that they have an idiotic commander! It is you who brought doom to them! It is you who placed them in danger because you are greedy for more military merits . Their loved ones will be in pain for the rest of their lives because of your decision…… now, you have a chance to save them . If you drop your weapon and kneel down, you would be able to save these brave warriors of Jax and help their families . Why not? Are you going to let them die because of your idiotic self-pride?”

Fei’s voice was like the enticement of a devil . Every single cavalier of Jax heard what he said, and it tickled their minds .

“No! You devil! You……” Kerman shouted as blood spurted out of his mouth .

He knew very well what this raid meant; it was the first meaningful clash between the two forces .

Kerman was dreaming about destroying this brigade and killing the commander to bring the first victory back to Jax; that would instantly boost the morale of the soldiers of Jax . Since he made a mistake and couldn’t do that, he was still not willing to surrender . He would rather let all of his men and himself die here and become the example of faithfulness to Jax and unyieldingness of the will .

If he kneeled down here today, it wouldn’t be just his personal pride affected .

The Jax Empire that had waited for the uprise could be affected as well .

If he kneeled down here today, the Royal Family and the military of Jax would be greatly shamed, and it would be an unbearable and destructive strike to the morale of the troops .

“Such a vicious and dirty strategy!”

Kerman regretted his decision .

He didn’t regret his decision after he realized that he was trapped .

After he knew that there was a master warrior, after he knew that he couldn’t defeat his enemies, after he knew that none of them could make it out here alive…… he won’t regret it even if he was placed in a situation that was 100 times more dangerous than this……

But he was regretting this now .

This commander was too vicious with his strategy .

This mistake of his was going to become a huge shame that the soldiers of Jax couldn’t forget .

Kerman heard of King Alexander before . The Jax Empire had their intelligence network, and they always paid attention to Zenit . Since Zenit just had the competition between affiliated kingdoms, the name of No . 1 Master Warrior among the affiliated kingdoms of Zenit was on the newsletter .

King Alexander was said to be the most talented warriors of Zenit in its history, and Kerman laughed at that .

“How talented can a little king of a little affiliated kingdom be?” Kerman didn’t believe that .

The world wasn’t fair . Most of the geniuses were in super-affluent families, royal families, and enormous forces; only these powerhouses had enough resources to feed these super geniuses . If someone talented was born into a poor environment, his or her future would be very limited .



* * *





Chapter 376




Chapter 376

Chapter 376: Beginning of the Dark Age

Since the officials tightly sealed the news about Fei capturing the three Moon-Class Elites at Zenit, the people who were at the Jax Empire hadn’t heard about it yet . As a result, Kerman didn’t know what power the King of Chambord had, and he underestimated this herald brigade of Zenit .

Now, he was unprecedently scared .

He felt like he saw the shadow of that man whose name was a taboo in the Jax Empire .

“Another terrifying figure appeared in the Zenit Empire!” he thought to himself .

When Fei saw the changing expressions on the face of this Seven-Star Warrior, he knew that he couldn’t convince this man using only his words . He stepped forward, and the terrifying aura on him exploded; for the first time, the murderous spirits that he accumulated in Diablo World was revealed in this world .

For the moment, everyone around Fei felt like even the air became thick and red .

“Why aren’t you kneeling down right now?!”

Even though Kerman unleashed all of his strength and the orange warrior energy flame flashed around him, he still couldn’t support his body . As a result, he kneeled down as if it was a direct response to Fei’s shout .

Crack! The huge pressure instantly crushed his knees .

When Kerman was forced to kneel down, his prideful head lowered as he fainted .

Looking from the behind, it seemed like Kerman voluntarily kneeled and surrendered to Fei .

All of the Sand Tiger Cavaliers that were far away behind him were shocked .

Some of these cavaliers felt blank as they couldn’t believe what they were seeing . “The great and honorable third disciple of the Martial Saint kneeled to a king of a little affiliated kingdom of Zenit?” they thought .

All of their honors and all of their beliefs were dismantled by this kneel .

Even some of the Sand Tiger Cavaliers who were willing to fight until death and didn’t want to surrender lost their courage . What they saw shocked their minds and numbed their limbs; they no longer could hold onto their weapons . Even blood couldn’t prove their bravery anymore!

“Haha, since you chose to surrender, I will keep my promise and let go of these brave men behind you!” Fei laughed .

This scene was recorded by a mage of Zenit using a Divy Crystal; it had an important use in the future .

Fei did keep his words .

He let go of these Sand Tiger Cavaliers .

However, the king also kept his fragile and thrifty style . He stripped away all of the valuables on these cavaliers such as weapons and armors and kept most of the Sand Tigers that were too terrified to move . After he left about 40 weakest and thinnest Sand Tiger to these cavaliers who only had light clothes on them, he kicked all of them out .

The ferociousness of this race was demonstrated .

133 Sand Tiger Cavaliers couldn’t bear the shame and decided to suicide; their blood stained the sand .

The rest of them disappeared into the darkness under the lead of the few captains……

“Go on and spread around what you saw! Haha!”

As he looked at these Sand Tiger Cavaliers who were leaving the area, Fei stood in front of the central tent and let out a series of “evil” laughter . These soldiers of Jax who lost their mounts and their winter jackets might not even survive in this coldness in the desert, and only about half of them could be able to make it back to the campsite of Jax .

Fei believed that the news about Kerman, the third disciple of the Martial Saint of Jax, kneeling and surrendering would be known across the region .

To the soldiers of Jax who looked up to warriors who had power and were unyielding, this would be a massive blow to their heads .

Although the raid of the enemies was taken care of, Shevchenko and others still sweated a whole bunch and were scared when they thought back to what happened .

“If the Legion Commander wasn’t here with us today and didn’t discover the enemies, we would suffer some casualties . After all, that man named Kerman has impressive strength . Except for the Legion Commander, I can’t even handle him head-on,” Shevchenko thought to himself .

Of course, Cech, Drogba, and Pierce might be able to defend against Kerman after they summon their Star Saint Sets, but Shevchenko didn’t know about it .

“Your Majesty! You are here with us all along?” Fei’s appearance was shocking to the soldiers, and Drogba and Pierce all walked up and greeted him happily .

“Of course I need to come and see if you two are behaving . I need to make sure that you two are following orders and listening to Shevchenko . ” Fei kicked them in the butt and said, “Not bad . You guys are doing good . Keep it up and don’t disappoint me!”

Fei was worried in the beginning .

He was worried that both of them would act haughty since they were leaders of Chambord and were close to him and won’t listen to Shevchenko who was the brigade commander; if that happened, it would have a bad influence on the legion as a whole .

Fei was glad that everything was alright .

These two strongmen who were straightforward were within reason, and they listened and followed Shevchenko’s orders wholeheartedly . This made Fei a little surprised .

“It seems like they knew the boundaries and didn’t shame Chambord,” he thought .

There was a reason why Fei was a little worried .

Not sure what the officials at the Military Quarter were thinking, but they didn’t leave time for [Wolf Teeth Legion] to go through regular practice and get to know each other . After all, 80% of the legion was made up of soldiers and warriors from various affiliated kingdoms . They were used to their way of doing things, and frictions could potentially rise .

Frictions did appear in [Wolf Teeth Legion], and they significantly decreased the efficiency and speed of the legion . Although old Aryang was experienced and was prepared for this, it was impossible to get rid of such frictions in a short time .

Majority of the legion was still not close to the border yet, and Fei had the help from the experienced strategist old Aryang as well as the master warriors such as Magic Princess Cindy, Silver Armored Vicious Sword, Lampard, and Elena . Since no significant issues could arise in this situation, Fei ordered the legion to travel slower and scheduled daily practices for them; he wanted the legion to be battle-ready when they get close to Dual-Flags City .

Fei was more worried about this herald brigade since they underwent no training .

Therefore, he hid his identity and traveled with them; only Shevchenko and Cech who were the two men in charge knew about this . Fei had identified all the issues with this brigade, and he was trying to find an excellent opportunity to address them . This raid from the Sand Tiger Cavaliers wasn’t even something on Fei’s radar, and Kerman got defeated this badly due to his own bad luck .

Since Fei revealed himself already, it was no longer a secret to the soldiers .

Fei wasn’t just the No . 1 Master Warrior among affiliated kingdoms in their minds . After the news about how he captured the three Moon-Class Elites got around secretly in the military, he was seen as the God of Battle . After seeing the performance of Fei tonight, the soldiers worshipped him even more .

All the soldiers in the brigade cheered for Fei as they were hyped .

All the people who had the title of Team Commander and higher met up in the central tent to party, and they all flattered Fei one after another . After about one hour, they were all kicked out by Fei; however, they still wanted to praise him more .

There were a lot of officials who never met Fei in person before . They used to think that this Legion Commander was cold and haughty; after they spent this time together, they realized that he was very chill and friendly .

Of course, that was only one side of Fei .

If they got to spend more time with Fei in front of the enemies, they would realize that they were wrong!

This was an unforgettable night .

To the soldiers and officials in this herald brigade of [Wolf Teeth Legion], being raided by the famous [Black Torrent] of Jax was only a small episode . Instead, seeing the power and presence of the Legion Commander excited them and increased their morale!

However, it was the complete opposite for the people of Jax who had been waiting to redeem themselves .

The shame they experienced tonight was only the beginning of the dark age .



* * *





Chapter 377




Chapter 377

Chapter 377: [Rescue on Mount Arreat]

Buzz……

A noise sounded, and a wind appeared inside the central tent . A blue oval-shaped portal that was more than two-meter tall appeared .

A strong figure with a brown cape walked out of it quietly and walked up to Fei . She passed over a letter with a lot of words on it .

Fei skimmed it over and put it in his storage space . He then looked up at this strong female and smiled as he nodded and said, “Thank you, Leader Kashya . ”

This strong woman was the military leader in [Rogue Encampment];

She was an experienced female mercenary . She always wore a simple leather armor that protected the vital spots on her body, and most of her strong arms and legs were exposed in the air . Her outfit also included a headband with spikes on it and an orange-brownish short cape .

She was an introvert, and it was hard to guess what she was thinking about since she rarely talked . However, she never feared blood and death, and she was a very stable and trustworthy person .

There was no doubt that this military leader of [Rogue Encampment] was powerful; Fei still couldn’t sense how powerful this woman was; it felt like she was stronger than most men . That was why Fei was comfortable leaving her in the [Letter Office] and letting her be in charge of old man Zolasc’s and young boy Modric’s safety .

Using the Miraculous Skill [Summon], Fei was able to leave a spatial mark on Zolasc and Modric; these two people were able to summon Kashya when they needed her help .

In the last month or so, Kashya was able to use her direct and deadly methods to clean out the thorns on the [Letter Office]’s path of growth . In the underworld of St . Petersburg, people named her [Death Brown Cape]; her deadly methods terrified them .

After knowing that Fei was going to bring the [Wolf Teeth Legion] to the Jax Battle Zone, the [Letter Office] already started to infiltrate the Jax Empire . One of the two leaders of the [Letter Office] – [Young Man] Modric stayed at St . Petersburg to look over the forces in Zenit, and the other leader [Old Man] Zolasc personally entered the territory of the Jax Empire to start developing the information network for Fei .

All of this information was passed back to Fei via Kashya .

Didn’t matter how far they were apart, the Miraculous Skill [Summon] was able to create a portal and send Kashya to Fei’s side . This speed of information delivery was far beyond the technology in Fei’s previous life such as email and text messages .

Through the letters from the [Letter Office], Fei was able to know that the soldiers of Jax had surrounded the Dual-Flags City . Just now, Fei got the newest information again .

After hearing what Fei said, Kashya replied concisely, “No problem . ”

In the very beginning, Fei was speechless at Kashya because he couldn’t maintain a conversation with her . Now, he was used to it .

Fei lowered his head and followed up, “How is the plan that Uncle Zolasc came up with? I’m sure it is a lot harder to develop an organization in the Jax Empire compared to Zenit . ”

After giving it some thought, Kashya replied earnestly, “It is pretty hard, but it should be ok . ”

“Eh, good . ” Fei nodded . He gave Kashya a letter that had a lot of fine prints on it and said, “Please ask Uncle Zolasc to complete the requests on this letter…… It would be best if he could complete them in one day . Also, please give this to him,” Fei gave a Divy Crystal to Kashya .

“Got it . ”

After the quick reply, Kashya placed the items into her storage space and walked into the portal again .

Buzz……

She disappeared with the portal .

Fei exhaled heavily .

That Divy Crystal recorded everything that had happened, and the recording angle as very unique .

If some magic energy was injected into the crystal, people would see how the 404 Sand Tigers defecated uncontrollably, how the third disciple of the Martial Saint of Jax kneeled down to the Legion Commander of the [Wolf Teeth Legion], and how the other 403 Sand Tigers Cavaliers surrendered to the soldiers of Zenit .

Especially the scene where Kerman, the third disciple of the Martial Saint of Jax, kneeled down; it would destroy the morale of the soldiers and warriors of the Jax Empire! Since this incident took place before the war, the Royal Family and the Military Headquarter of Jax would be greatly ashamed; even the Martial Saint of Jax could be negatively affected as well .

Even if this weren’t enough to harm the foundation of the Jax Empire, it would cause a lot of trouble for them .

That was why Fei kept Kerman who was strong enough to pose a threat to [Wolf Teeth Legion] and released all of the other Sand Tiger Cavaliers; those cavaliers would act as free promotions of the incident . Whenever the people of Jax saw these cavaliers, they would be reminded of the defeat and the shame associated with that incident .

Fei came up with this idea after he knew about Kerman’s identity . What effect did this have on the war? Fei would only know in the future .

After he got some quietness, Fei took out the letter Kashya gave him and read it over once more .

Gradually, he frowned .

The situation at the Dual-Flags City was far worse than what the officials at St . Petersburg told him .

What happened tonight was more of an appetizer for the herald brigade; tomorrow would be a real challenge for them . According to the information in the letter, more than 60,000 soldiers of Jax already surrounded the Dual-Flags City an hour ago .

There were ten times more soldiers on the enemy’s side .

On top of that, more and more soldiers of Jax were arriving .

……

In Diablo World .

Feather-like snows were falling from the sky, and they covered the sky and covered the sunlight . Everywhere was frozen, and the dried-up trees that looked like the thin and ugly arms of the hell devils stood on the burned ground that was half-covered by white snows .

This was [Frigid Highlands] .

Because the altitude of this place was too high, it lacked oxygen and forced people to spend twice the stamina .

Even though Fei had an insane amount of stamina as a Barbarian, he was already sweating after half an hour of fighting . Beside him, Elena sweated a lot more; even her long red hair got wet and stuck to the sides of her face .

“Elena, how about just let me complete this mission? You can go back to [Rogue Encampment] and rest a bit; it is too dangerous here,” Fei had to say that to Elena after seeing how exhausted she was .

Elena shook her head firmly .

As if she wanted to change Fei’s mind, she bit onto her red hair and stood tightly against Fei back-to-back . As the bowstring vibration noises sounded, many fire arrows were shot out and killed all the monsters behind Fei .

Through the two leather armors, Fei could still feel the softness and hotness of the body behind him .

However, no obscene ideas were in Fei’s head .

He knew why Elena did that; she was trying to fight alongside him . Fei felt like asking Elena to go back was a little selfish on his end; although he was trying to care for Elena, asking her to leave at this moment hurt this valiant and stubborn female mercenary .

“Ok, let’s fight together! Be careful!” Fei shouted as he punched out, and a [Baal’s Minion] and a [Death Mauler] that were within 10 meters from him got turned into clouds of blood mist .

In the last few days, Fei already completed the first quest [Siege on Harrogath] in the Fifth Map [Harrogath] . After he killed [Shenk the Overseer] who controlled the monsters, NPC Larzuk was able to socket an item for him, and the prices the NPCs in [Harrogath] charged Fei for different items also decreased .

Currently, Fei was trying to complete the second quest [Rescue on Mount Arreat] .

He had to find the 15 captive Barbarians and help them to escape from the monsters and demons . This quest wasn’t hard, but [Frigid Highlands] was huge and the visibility was low; it was hard to find the wooden pens that kept these barbarians . Until now, Fei hadn’t seen one of them yet .

“Alexander, look!” Elena suddenly said .

Fei jumped onto a destroyed building and looked in the direction that Elena was pointing at .

More than 1000 meters away, a bunch of monsters surrounded a wooden pen . In there, three Barbarians were roaring and battling with monsters . Although they were a lot stronger than these monsters, they were already very tired and struggled to keep up .



* * *





Chapter 378




Chapter 378

Found them!

Fei jumped off of the building, grabbed onto Elena’s hand, and kissed it subconsciously . “Haha! Finally found them! Let’s go and kill these monsters!” after Fei said that, he immediately dashed towards the wooden pen .

Elena also moved towards the direction of the wooden pen quickly; she was able to travel more than 100 meters per second .

If Fei paid more attention to Elena, he would find that this cold and valiant Valkyrie was blushing; her face and neck were all red . Her beauty was completely revealed to the world, but it was covered up by the dense snowfall .

A bloody smell came from afar .

Fei dashed into the monsters . Most of the monsters on [Frigid Highlands] were melee type physical damage monsters; their claws were sharp, and the scales and spikes on them could easily penetrate through flesh . Some monsters were able to cast fire-elemental magic spells, but they were too easy for Fei to deal with . Like a tiger in a crowd of sheep, Fei easily killed them and opened a path for him .

Elena followed Fei tightly and charged forward .

A terrifying chilliness appeared around this beautiful mercenary, and all the monsters within a 20-meter radius from her whined; the more powerful monsters were frozen to the ground, and the weaker monsters were all turned into specks of crystal ice dust .

Paladin Skill – [Holy Freeze] .

Elena gained the Paladin Bloodline a long time ago, and she was capable of learning the skills of the Paladin . After listening to Fei’s recommendations, Elena learned her first offensive aura [Holy Freeze] after she gained some healing and defensive auras .

It was a powerful icy-elemental magic ability .

It would do cold damage to enemies nearby periodically . The weaker monsters wound be killed, and even boss-level monsters would be slowed down dramatically .

Fei recommended Elena to learn this skill for that very reason; except for the damage, the slowing effect on the enemies would help Fei greatly . Powerful monsters would be slowed down and forced to move in slow-motion; it was effortless for Fei to kill them .

The murderous killing was continuing, and even the air in the area turned red .

The screams of the monsters resonated in the area as Fei’s power that broke the balance of the game was demonstrated in full . Every time he punched out, five to six monsters would be killed; no monster was able to come close to him within a 50-meter radius .

After 20 minutes, these 600 monsters were turned into gold coins, items, and potions on the ground .

Although most of the potions and items were useless to Fei at this point, the thrifty king of Chambord couldn’t just leave them here . Fei quickly ran around and picked up everything .

Even if he couldn’t use them, he could still turn them into gold coins in [Harrogath] .

Of course, Elena couldn’t see the gold coins and the items on the ground; she just looked at Fei who was bending over and picking up “nothing” . However, she didn’t ask Fei what he was doing as she didn’t care about anything else that wasn’t on her mind .

Fei was everything to her; he added the color to her simple yet monotone life .

In her mind, she only needed to follow this man and do whatever he wanted .

……

After Fei picked up all the items, he walked to the wooden pen .

Boom!

He smashed the gate of the wooden pen easily .

According to his memory, a teleport portal should appear inside the wooden pen, and the three Barbarians should walk through the portal and go back to [Harrogath] .

However, this wasn’t the first time that something happened in Diablo World that didn’t match with his previous gaming experience on Earth .

These three Barbarian Warriors who were more than two meters tall walked up to Fei sincerely; it felt like they weren’t unintelligent NPCs as they were very lively .

These warriors had small braids on their heads, and more than half of their faces and bodies were covered with tattoos . After they looked at Fei and Elena invasively for a second, they locked their eyes on Fei .

“Is this real? Great barbarian warrior, we have sensed [Immortal King] Bul-Kathos on you . Is the honor coming back to the Barbarian Tribe? Is the Barbarian God finally showing appreciation for his forbidden subjects? Hero, please don’t reject our loyalty!”

What these three Barbarian Warriors said shocked Fei; they were supposed to be insignificant NPCs!

“[Immortal King] Bul-Kathos? The loyalty of the Barbarian warriors? Wait, why aren’t these three Barbarians acting according to the script?”

As Fei was wondering about that, the cold and mysterious voice that hadn’t spoken to Fei for a long time suddenly sounded by Fei’s ear .

“By accepting the loyalty of the Barbarian warriors, you could obtain three NPCs who could grow in strength over time . In addition, you could summon them to the real world anytime without using any experience point . ”

“What?” Fei was stunned . His decision was clear! He didn’t hesitate a bit and accepted the loyalty of these three Barbarian warriors .

A wild aura surrounded these three Barbarian warriors, and they were pretty powerful; Fei could tell that they were at least on the level of Four-Star . After everything was done, they went back to [Harrogath] via the teleport portal .

Fei, on the other hand, continued to look for other Barbarian warriors who needed his help .

After getting rewarded handsomely, the king was even more motivated to complete the quest .

……

“The lone smoke is rising erectly from the vast desert; the round sun is setting slowly over the long river . ”

Fei lied on [Black Tornado]’s back, and most of his body sunk into the long mane of the big black dog . After he saw the half of the red sun that was climbing up from the horizon, he suddenly recalled and recited the lines in a famous poem written by the renowned poet Wang Wei .

Dawn arrived about one hour ago, and the herald brigade started to speed towards Dual-Flags City after breakfast .

They had traveled more than 70 kilometers already, and the most important city along the northwest border, Dual-Flags City, was only less than 30 kilometers away . If they were able to keep up the speed, they would arrive at Dual-Flags City before the sun completely appears in the sky .

More than 100 scouts were sent out .

These scouts came and went; their dusty trails looked like dragons from above, and clip-clop noises of their mounts broke the silence in the desert . In every few minutes, a few scouts would report back everything that was happening in a 20-kilometer radius .

Everyone in the brigade sensed the intense atmosphere .

However, Blacky the dog was still chilling; it wandered behind the troop and didn’t fit in with the whole scene .

This beast never stopped consuming [Hulk Potions], and Fei started to wonder what type of animal did Angela save in the back mountains of Chambord .

“How can Blacky endure the effect of [Hulk Potions] to this degree? Any regular dog could have exploded already . ” Fei thought .

Currently, Blacky was oily black! Except for the long manes, all the hair on its body was short and smooth . When it stood up and walked, it was more than three meters tall and more than eight meters long . Technically, it couldn’t be called a dog; a dog shouldn’t be this big and shouldn’t look this ferocious .

When Fei was free, he liked to play tug-of-war with Blacky . With the physical strength of his level 88 Barbarian, he could easily use more than 10,000 pounds of force, and he still had to use 80% of that strength to win .

On top of its substantial physical strength, Blacky also had a thick skin and sharp claws .

Military-grade arrows couldn’t even pierce through its skin, and when Fei wanted to fix its nails, he broke three swords and didn’t even leave a dent on them .

Every time this beast roared, Fei felt like it was going to spit out a fire; the smell of sulfur was too strong!

It was evident that Blacky was undergoing an unknown mutation after it consumed so much [Hulk Potion] . Since the changes that had happened to Blacky already shocked Fei and Fei could no longer predict its evolution path, he won’t be surprised if this beast got a pair of wings one day .



* * *





Chapter 379




Chapter 379

Chapter 379: Dangerous Dual-Flags City

Fei rested on the wide back of Blacky, and he didn’t get involved with the control of the herald brigade .

After the sun climbed higher and higher in the sky, the coldness in the desert disappeared . This was the weather in the desert; the temperature difference between the day and the night was huge, and it was a big challenge for people who weren’t used to it . By just looking at the red sun, Fei could sense the cruelty of the upcoming battle .

It won’t be easy to break through the 60,000 soldiers of Jax and get into Dual-Flags City .

After the battle, the color of the ground would be even redder than the sun .

“Speed up and get to Dual-Flags City within 30 minutes! After that, prepare for battle and get ready to enter the city!” Shevchenko announced as he empowered his voice with his Warrior Energy, and the speed of the herald brigade instantly increased; the ground even started to shake as the mounts of the cavaliers sped up .

The atmosphere intensified .

……

……

Dual-Flags City .

This was a magnificent city . It looked like the 200-meter tall black defense walls almost connected with the sky, and this city occupied a considerable piece of land . Like a prehistoric beast that was resting on the continent, this city looking shocking from afar .

The Dual-Flags City was big enough to hold about 500,000 people . Except for the Mayor Palace, mansions of the nobles, and the enormous residential areas, there were a lot of farmlands and 112 water wells; they were the essential resources that allowed tens of thousands of people inside Dual-Flags City to survive .

With these statistics, Dual-Flags City was definitely the No . 1 City in the northwest region of Zenit .

Except for its sheer size, there was a significant historical event that took place here .

This city was constructed 26 years ago .

When Emperor Yassin His Majesty and his men came through to battle the Jax Empire, they were attacked by the 400,000 soldiers of Jax; the Jax Empire almost sent all of its forces here to stop Emperor Yassin . That battle alone took more than 30 days, and it was said that the battle was cruel; blood created rivers and corpses created mountains .

It was heard that the troops of Zenit lacked drinkable water during that time, so Emperor Yassin used his mighty [Dragon Fist] to destroy the surface of the land . He punched through the ground and created holes that directly connected to the groundwater, and those holes became the 112 water wells in Dual-Flags City today .

After Emperor Yassin got the victory by conquering the Capital of Jax and was on his way back to St . Petersburg, he passed by this place again and ordered craftsmen to construct this huge city . After the construction, he ordered his men to hang the huge flag of Zenit which had a two-headed polar bear on it as well as the flag of the Jax Empire that he chopped off of the Royal Palace in the Capital of Jax . He wanted to use this to warn the people of Jax, and that was also how Dual-Flags City got its name .

Dual-Flags City was right on the edge of the border . Behind it, there was Zenit’s territory; in front of it, there was the desert of Jax .

For the last 26 years, the desert of Jax didn’t make any progress forward .

Some people said that the majesty of Emperor Yassin suppressed the desert and didn’t allow it to move forward, and some people said that even the sand grains in the desert were scared of Emperor Yassin…… There were all kinds of rumors, but they all stated how influential Emperor Yassin was . All of these rumors and stories became the materials of the traveling poets .

After 26 years of calmness and quietness, everything was turned around .

Shouts and roars resonated in the sky .

More than 60,000 soldiers of Jax had surrounded the Dual-Flags City for the night; they only surrounded the city and didn’t siege . But since dawn, something happened, and the soldiers of Jax started to charge at the city and tried to conquer it crazily . Like the sand grains in the desert, these soldiers of Jax who were in brown armors attacked the city in all directions .

The battlefield was like a huge mincer .

Blood, broken limbs, broke blades, and corpses were everywhere . The whines of the soldiers who were severely injured also sounded in the area .

For the last four hours since dawn, more than 6,000 soldiers of Jax had died under the defense walls; among them, there were quite a few Star-level Warriors . Just to break the enormous magic shield that protected the city, more than 200 Star-level Warriors died .

The smell of blood and death was thick .

Finally, the ruthless and crazy investment on the side of Jax finally yielded a return .

The huge earth-elemental magic array – [Earth’s Protection] crumbled . After protecting the city for more than four hours, this magic array that was powered by the dozen magic towers inside the city started to shake as cracks appeared on it . Like an eggshell that was hit hard, it was going to break at any time .

Boom!

A huge rock that was more than 1,000 pounds was thrown into the air by a catapult .

It slowly rotated in the air and smashed onto the yellow light sphere that covered the city . After it stopped the rock for a second, a clear crackling noise sounded . A massive area of the light sphere dimmed down and disappeared, and that rock smashed onto the defense wall like a meteor .

Cheers sounded from the side of the Jax Empire; they were as loud as thunder .

“It broke! Haha! Finally!”

“Hahaha, the protective magic shield of the city is down! We are going to win!”

“Prepare the siege ladders and more catapults! Get the ropes!”

“Charge into Dual-Flags City and get back our royal flag! We will wash this city of Zenit with their own blood!”

The soldiers of Jax were immediately hyped after the magic array that protected Dual-Flags City was gone . Now, they were able to attack and kill their enemies inside the city using various siege machines and magic items . Before this, they could only be hit as nothing could get through that magic shield .

All kinds of commands were being passed down from the officials and commanders .

Tink! Tink!

Seige ladders with back hooks on top of them were locked onto the battlements on the defense walls, and it was hard to get rid of them . Like bloodthirsty ants, the soldiers of Jax started to climb up on the ladders one after another . The more powerful Star-level Warriors got up the defense wall even faster using ropes that were attached to the siege ladders .

Soon, blood stained the defense walls of Dual-Flags City .

The cruelest part of the battle began after the soldiers of Zenit and Jax met and started the close-range combat .

Screams and whines sounded everywhere, and blood spilled down the defense walls like raindrops .

The soldiers of Zenit in black and the soldiers of Jax in brown fought each other ferociously, and soldiers on both sides fell off the defense walls frequently and got smashed into meat paste .

As time passed by, the scale of victory slowly tilted towards the Jax Empire .

The difference between the two sides was huge .

Dual-Flags City only had less than 30,000 soldiers . Even with the personal guards and soldiers of the mayor and the nobles, that number was only about 40,000 . Compared to more than 60,000 well-trained soldiers of Jax, Dual-Flags City was in a numbers disadvantage, and the soldiers it had were less battle-ready . All of these problems revealed themselves after the battle prolonged .

Under one of the watchtowers on the defense wall, there stood a general who was wearing black armor and white cape . He was in his 20s, and he wasn’t tall and muscular; in fact, he looked a little thin . With a vicious scar on his forehead, he looked murderous yet special .

His sharp stares landed on the soldiers of Jax who were rushing at the city like a continuous flood, and a helpless expression appeared on his face . Soon, that expression disappeared and he looked murderous again .

Boom! Boom! Boom!

Suddenly, the entire city started to shake as it was attacked from the front and back .

The soldiers of Jax on the ground all held up shields to protect themselves from the arrows coming from above, and they pushed a huge [Siege Dragon Bird] and struck at one gate of the city .

This [Siege Dragon Bird] was a dragon-shaped sieging machine that was very popular in this region of Azeroth . It was made from black iron, and one end of it was shaped like the beak of birds . This “beak” was lightly opened with fuel and explosives in it, and it could deal the maximum damage to the gate .

Even if this gate was very secure, it would be broken after getting hit by this machine 100 times .

At this moment, there were already a lot of soldiers of Jax on the defense walls, and they had already controlled a big portion of them . These soldiers started to charge at the two main watchtowers on the defense walls as the mechanisms for opening the gates were in there . As long as they gained control of those mechanisms, all the soldiers of Jax in the area would be able to charge into the city and take complete control .

Boom! Boom! Boom!

The noises made by the [Siege Dragon Bird] resonated on the battleground, and they shocked the hearts of the soldiers of Zenit . It felt like the hand of the Grim Reaper was tightening on their throats .

At this time, a soldier who was covered in blood staggered as he rushed over . He kneeled down and cried, “General Frank! Mayor Soroyov already drew back his personal guards and soldiers, and the other nobles are doing the same! They all said that the city is going to be conquered, and they are getting ready to escape!”

“What? That fat coward!”

“How can he do this?”

“They are deserters! Shameful! We need to inform the Military Judge and send soldiers to capture them! Even if they are nobles, they couldn’t do something like this during this time!”

“These selfish bastards! They only care about themselves! What about the hundreds of thousands of citizens? The soldiers of Jax will kill them all!”

After hearing the news, the hot-tempered soldiers and officials around this general, who had a scar on his forehead, shouted; they wanted to go and stop these nobles .

“Stop!” the general stopped these men . After he sighed, he said, “Let them go . ”

“General Frank! Then…… we are going to let these bugs go?” all the soldiers in the area were mad and confused . It was evident that this general was reputable and earned everyone’s respect; no one doubted his decision .

“The enemies are very vicious; if we have an internal battle, the soldiers of Jax will easily conquer the city……” after he said that, he looked around and smiled, “There is still hope . To my knowledge, our reinforcement [Wolf Teeth Legion] is already on their way . If we can hold on longer, they might arrive on time . ”



* * *





Chapter 380




Chapter 380

Chapter 380: Who Dares to Fight Me?

“What? The [Wolf Teeth Legion] that only has the king of a level 6 affiliated king as its commander? They are almost useless…… How can we bet on them to defeat these soldiers of Jax?” a commander who was tall and had a beard shook his head and said, “It doesn’t even matter if they come or not . I hope they get here later, so they don’t have to die . ”

It seemed like the other commanders and officials agreed with this man’s opinion; they had no hope on [Wolf Teeth Legion] as well .

“Doesn’t matter . We are all soldiers of Zenit, and we should fight and bleed for the empire, and the citizens in this city,” the general with the scar on his forehead didn’t disapprove this opinion . Rather, he looked at the enemies that were charging at the city and said, “Since the war is here, none of us can place ourselves out of it . The empire is going to be reborn under the battles and blood . If our honors have to be created through blood and sacrifice, then……” he turned around and looked at these subordinates of his who had followed him for many years and were like his families . “Let it start from us!” he said firmly .

At this moment, an unparalleled aura appeared around this general who wasn’t that tall and big .

In the eyes of his subordinates, he was a real hero and a real leader .

All these soldiers looked at their general who they followed for many years and felt like they were empowered and motivated as ever . The bearded commander saluted at the general and said, “Mr . Frank! Take care!”

After he said that, he shouted as he drew out his sword and jumped off of the defense wall .

“For the honor of the soldiers! For the honor of Zenit!”

In mid-air, this bearded commander unleashed all of his Warrior Energy; he was a Three-Star Warrior! His sword that was in his hand created a series of sparks as it dragged on the defense wall, and that slowed down this man’s acceleration .

When he landed into the soldiers who were pushing the [Siege Dragon Bird], a bunch of fire-elemental Warrior Energies dashed out of his sword and knocked away a lot of the enemies .

Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom!

This bearded commander struck at the [Siege Dragon Bird] repeatedly and finally broke it and flipped it over before the soldiers of Jax rushed back and drowned him in weapons . This huge metal machine that was great at destroying city gates become an obstacle for the soldiers of Jax .

“Ivan……”

All the soldiers of Zenit who were on the defense wall fell to a moment of silence after they saw this bearded commander died in a pool of his blood .

This bearded commander named Ivan was a short-tempered man, but he was straightforward and manly; he was one of the commanders who was liked by most of the soldiers . Although he caused quite a lot of trouble before, he was brave enough to lead the charge today . Just the fact that he jumped off of the defense wall and destroyed the siege machine touched the soldiers of Zenit and drew out the patriotic emotions inside of them .

“For the honor of the soldiers! For the honor of Zenit!”

Every single soldier of Zenit on the defense wall screamed and charged at the enemies like madmen; even though some of them were severely injured, they used their last bit of effort and jumped off of the defense walls as they dragged one to two enemies with them .

“General, take care!”

More than a dozen commanders saluted the general who had a scar on his forehead . After that, they drew out their swords and charged into the enemies .

No one knew if they could see each other again after this .

“If this is a part of the gods’ plan, dying together with these comrades who are like my brothers is fortunate,” the general with the scar on his forehead thought to himself .

He took a deep breath and drew out his sword . Standing on a battlement, he roared, “I’m Frank Ribry, the commander of the military forces at Dual-Flags City! Where is the commander of the troops of Jax? Do you dare to battle me?”

Under the empowerment of his Warrior Energy, this shout was as loud as thunder, and it was heard through all the noises of the battle .

“Do you dare to battle me…… battle me…… battle me……”

This phrase resonated in the sky .

“What a joke! I’m the commander of 100,000 soldiers, and my status is very prestigious . You are only the commander of forces in a small city, how are you qualified to battle me? This small city will be conquered in 30 minutes, and my men will paint this city red with your blood!”

A dominating and cold voice sounded from the side of Jax .

This voice was even louder . The sound wave created by this man expanded outward rapidly with power, and some soldiers from both sides felt a little dizzy; it was obvious that this man who just spoke was a mighty warrior as well .

“Found you . ” Ribry didn’t get angry even though he got laughed at .

He carefully listened to the direction of that voice, and his eyes lit up after he doubled confirmed it . As green Warrior Energy Flames enveloped his body, he stomped on the defense wall and dashed towards that direction .

“Stop him!”

Numerous Star-level Warriors of Jax unleashed their Warrior Energy and jumped into the sky, wanting to stop Ribry .

Tink! Tink! Tink! Tink!

A series of metal-colliding noises sounded .

As a sword energy flashed by, blood spilled .

The numerous Star-level Warriors fell down from the sky like kites that got disconnected from the strings . Blood was everywhere .

Ribry didn’t get stopped at all . As if nothing was around him, his speed increased even more . The air-piercing noise resonated on the battlefield, and Ribry inside his Warrior Energy Flames struck his sword at a figure who was sitting under a fancy canopy on a small hill .

“Huh?” that person looked very haughty, and he was a little surprised . He laughed, “Interesting! I didn’t expect that there would be a warrior with this level of strength in this small city…… don’t move!”

After he ordered his guards not to move, Ribry who was in his green Warrior Energy Flames already appeared in front of this man .

The wind created by Ribry’s strike fluttered this man’s long hair and cape . Just as Ribry’s sword was about to pierce into this man’s head, this man raised his hand and secured the sword with two of his fingers .

Everything stopped .

Frank Ribry’s powerful sword-strike that easily killed more than two dozen Star-level Warriors of Jax could no longer proceed forward anymore .

“Huh? The peak of Five-Star? Surprising! However, the soldier of Zenit, your show stops now!” after this man said that in a dominating tone, he pushed back the sword and slowly punched out .

“Uh!……Puff!”

Ribry couldn’t dodge this punch at all as he was still in mid-air .

He wanted to defend against this indefensible strike, but it was no use . He instantly puked up a mouthful of blood, and his body flew down the hill as if a 10,000-pound hammer hit his body; he felt like his internal organs even got moved around under force .

“Commander of the forces in Dual-Flags City? Frank Ribry? Great! You could be considered a master warrior, and I will use your head to complete and finalize the first victory of our Jax Empire!”

This haughty man said as he wiped his fist with a white cloth a guard handed over to him: it felt like he was trying to wipe off some dirt on the hand that punched Ribry . After that, he signaled one of his guards to decapitated Ribry who was so injured that he couldn’t even fight back .

“Of course, I won’t kill you if you surrender,” this haughty man added after he threw that white cloth he used onto the ground .

“Hahahahahahahaha! Under the command of Emperor Yassin His Majesty, there are only warriors who could fight to the death; there aren’t cowards who would surrender!” Ribry said loudly even though he could no longer battle . Blood dripped down from his nostrils, and numerous cracks appeared on his black metal armor . Even though he could no longer stand, he wasn’t willing to kneel down; he stabbed his sword into the ground and leaned against it . As he looked at the guard that was walking towards him with a murderous spirit, he laughed and said, “You guys don’t need to move! I will gift my head to you! With my eyes open, I want to see how your Jax Empire is going to be conquered!”

As he said that, he pulled out his sword and slashed at his own neck with an underhand grip .

“I won’t allow that!”

That haughty figure said as he pointed at Ribry’s sword, and an invisible power instantly destroyed the metal sword in Ribry’s hand and turned it into dust . “Your head will be chopped off by the blade of Jax!……” after he said that, he looked at that guard and commanded coldly, “Decapitate him!”

That guard grinned viciously and walked to Ribry .

The sharp blade in this guard’s hand reflected the bright sunlight, and it looked as red as blood .

Ribry stared at this guard with anger in his eyes; he wasn’t angry about his situation as dying on the battlefield was an honor to the soldiers . He was really angry because he was worried for tens of thousands of citizens of Zenit inside Dual-Flags City .

Once he dies, the city would be conquered in a few seconds . The blades of Jax won’t show any mercy! Tens of thousands of citizens of Zenit would be turned into corpses, and the No . 1 city in the northwest region of Zenit would become hell!

Under the sun, the guard raised his blade .

At this moment, something unexpected happened .

Whoosh!

A huge arrow with white fletching appeared behind this guard, and the terrifying power shattered the blade . After it did that, the arrow passed by Ribry’s ear and turned more than a dozen soldiers of Jax into blood mists .

Such a terrifying arrow!

Everyone was surprised by the power of this arrow .

Tink! Tink! Tink!

All the guards around this haughty figure drew their weapons as they surrounded their commander .

“Who is it?” this haughty man shouted as he pushed some guards away . He walked out of the protection and looked around, and his eyes landed on a small sand hill behind his troops .

His pupil immediately contracted .



* * *





Chapter 381




Chapter 381

Under the sun, behind the hill, there was a mighty figure who was riding on a massive beast; no one knew when he appeared .

Since the bright sun was behind this man, tens of thousands of soldiers of Jax couldn’t see his face clearly . What all the soldiers of Jax could see was that the sunlight surrounded this man, and the combination of this man and his huge black beast gave them a ton of pressure .

This man was just sitting on the black beast in silence, but the soldiers of Jax felt like they were facing one full legion .

They all saw the bow in his hand, and they knew that powerful arrow came from him .

A few commanders on the side of Jax zapped their mouths; they couldn’t believe that someone could shoot an arrow that accurately more than 1000 meters away . “Who is he?” they thought .

“That……” Frank Ribry who was severely injured opened his eyes .

This general with the scar on his forehead was in a state of desperation, but he saw some hope now . But when he only saw one person on the hill, that hope was about to disappear like a straw in a tornado .

However, what happened next made his heart race .

One……

Two……

Three……

10……

100……

Cavaliers appeared on the hill that was 1000 meters away one after another . These cavaliers were all showering in the golden sunlight, and they looked like warriors from heaven .

When Ribry saw the flag with a two-headed polar bar on it in the next second, tear rushed into his eyes .

“Finally! The reinforcement is here!”

“Woooooooo! Wooooooooooo! Woooooooooooo!”

Three deep and loud bugle noises sounded .

Ribry knew that it was the special command created by Emperor Yassin . After three bugle noises, all of the cavaliers should prepare to charge; anyone who failed to do that would be punished and executed!

Cavaliers of Zenit!

“Wolf Teeth!” the person who appeared on the hill first shouted, and his voice resonated in the sky .

“Wolf Teeth!!!” all of the cavaliers of Zenit repeated after him . This loud noise instantly excited all of the soldiers of Zenit .

“Charge!” that person who was on the enormous black beast shouted and led the charge .

“Wolf Teeth! Charge! Charge! Charge! Charge!” all of the cavaliers of Zenit shouted as a murderous aura surrounded them . They raised their spears and started to charge right after .

Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom!

The ground shook violently as more than 6,000 mounts charged forward .

“Reinforcement from Zenit?” that haughty head commander of Jax woke up from the shock .

Since the reinforcement from Zenit was able to get here this quietly, it meant that all of his scouts in the area were taken out . There was no time for him to figure out whose fault it was; it was more important to stop these cavaliers of Zenit first . As long as the reinforcement from Zenit didn’t interrupt the siege, everything would be still under his control .

“Your Highness, let me kill that skilled archer for you,” a short yet bulky commander of Jax walked out and said . His hair was curly, his beard was long, and his hands got a lot of calluses on them; he looked like a typical warrior of the desert .

“Ok, General Zack! I’m comfortable with your skill! Go and capture that archer for me,” the haughty figure nodded in satisfaction .

This short and bulky commander was one of the few top-tier warriors under his command, and he was named [Bloody Zack] .

“With his strength of peak Four-Star, he should be able to capture that archer . After all, he is brave, fearless, and has a ton of physical strength!” the haughty figure thought .

Tap! Tap! Tap! Tap!

General Zack charged at the reinforcement of Zenit on his Sand Tiger with the few thousands of Sand Tiger Cavaliers under his command behind him . His men were well-trained; they moved in unison and created an impressive aura .

All other commanders on the side of Jax were angry with themselves for not reacting fast though .

“This perfect opportunity got robbed by this tough man Zack!” they thought .

The haughty figure was delighted by the aura and presence the men under Zack showed .

“General Zack can kill those bastards of Zenit for sure!”

“Haha! This time, the reinforcement of Zenit is doomed as well! Two birds with one stone!……” a dark-skinned general praised Zack and tried to show-off his poor language skill .

As the cavaliers under the command of Zack and the reinforcement of Zenit got closer and closer, smiles on the faces of commanders of Jax got brighter and brighter; they were all waiting for the reinforcement of Zenit to be torn apart like a cloth in front of a knife .

At the moment, no one paid attention to Ribry who was too injured to even move .

However, the ones that got torn apart wasn’t the reinforcement of Zenit but the pride of Jax .

The expression on the face of everyone on the side of Jax got gloomy, including that haughty figure .

Although [Bloody Zack] shouted loudly like a tiger and his Warrior Energy was bright and flashy, he was as weak as a piece of dry breadcrumb in front of the enemy’s arrow . Before he could get close to that archer, he was destroyed .

He exploded after the arrow touched him .

A peak Four-Star Warrior who was very close to the level Five-Star got destroyed by his opponent like a toy; it felt like he was no different to the ordinary soldier of Jax who got killed by the arrow earlier .

This was a huge departure from the expectations of the commanders of Jax!

What happened next was more shocking!

The thousands of vicious Sand Tiger Cavaliers who were under the command of Zack got destroyed as well . After the first round of charge, they all quickly “melted” as if they were snowflakes in a hot summer day; it felt like they couldn’t even put up a fight .

“Huh……”

All the commanders of Jax gasped on the hill that was their command center . “Too ferocious!” they thought .

Ribry, on the other hand, tried his best to stand up even though he was feeling an insane amount of pain .

At the moment, he clearly saw what happened through the eyes that were covered with blood .

“That commander of Jax got destroyed like a watermelon! Red and white matters flew everywhere! Like a god, that archer on the black beast shot out arrows one after another, and these arrows completely destroyed everything in front of them! This archery skill couldn’t be possessed by a human! Everything in the paths of these arrows was destroyed! They left multiple bloody trails! Unstoppable!” Ribry thought to himself .

“Sh*t! I will go kill him!” a thin commander beside the haughty figure got very angry; he was silent before, but now he jumped out and asked for the permission . Being attacked by a single archer this close to the command center was a huge shame in this commander’s eyes, and he couldn’t hold back his anger anymore .

“Great! General Duke! I’m comfortable with your skill!”

Joy appeared on the face of the haughty figure . He felt like this archer was at the level of peak Five-Star at best, and he knew that this subordinate of his could easily defeat anyone on that level .

Tap! Tap! Tap! Tap!

Another team of Sand Tiger Cavaliers rushed at the reinforcement of Zenit with General Duke leading the charge .

“No issue this time! The reinforcement of Zenit is done for!”

“Capture that archer alive and skin him!”

The commanders of Jax in the command center got excited again . This General Duke was much more powerful than Zack, and they were very confident that Duke was able to capture this archer this time .

Just like what they thought, Duke led the charge fearlessly and already chopped away three arrows that archer shot at him . The distance between Duke and that archer was getting closer and closer .

“Haha! As long as Duke gets to close-range, that archer is doomed! Huh? What? What is going on? General Duke…… died?”

The excited commanders of Jax were stunned .

They couldn’t believe their eyes .

What happened crushed their pride again .

They thought that archer would be in a disadvantage in close-range combat, but two huge axes appeared in the hands of that archer after a light flashed by . With a simple horizontal strike, Duke who was known as the best fighter among all the battalion commanders in the herald legion of Jax got killed; his head flew into the air before he could defend .

After seeing this, the lips of that haughty figure twitched violently .

The phrase “I’m comfortable with your skill” was full of irony at this moment .

However, there was no time for him to be angry .

Right after the two generals who were under his command got killed, the reinforcement of Zenit already charged into the troops of Jax from the behind; everything got chaotic .



* * *





Chapter 382




Chapter 382

Chapter 382: Save

The man who was leading the charge on the black beast was unstoppable . With two axes in his hands, nothing could slow him down . The soldiers of Jax were all killed under his axes, and no one was able to get within four meters from him .

It was impossible for the soldiers of Jax to stop the charge .

As chaos arrived, a shout resonated on the battlefield .

“The herald brigade of [Wolf Teeth Legion] is here under the command of Emperor Yassin His Majesty! Soldiers of Dual-Flags City, prepare to open the gate and let the reinforcement into the city .

“Your Highness, we should give up on the siege and concentrate the forces to surround these 6000 cavaliers of Zenit,” a strategist beside the haughty figure suggested after he saw the cavaliers of Zenit crushing the soldiers of Jax who weren’t mentally prepared for this .

Ribry who was barely standing up wasn’t too far away from the hill, and he panicked after he heard that!

“Even though the reinforcement is far stronger than I thought, there are only about 6,000 of them . If the enemies are really going to surround them with the 60,000 soldiers and slowly tire them out, they would be in danger! Even that magnificent archer would die as well!” he thought .

Silence .

After a moment of silence, that haughty figure shook his head and said, “No need . Call the treat and stop the siege; let the reinforcement of Zenit get into the city . The soldiers of Zenit are highly motivated at this moment, and we shouldn’t waste the lives of our Jax warriors . Haha! This city is dead! It is not safer in there . Although these cavaliers are good, they would lose their mobility and speed; they would never be able to get out of this city ever again!”

Soon, bugle noises sounded .

The soldiers of Jax quickly retreated in an orderly fashion .

The soldiers of Jax who already got onto the defense walls of Dual-Flags City used siege ladders and ropes to get down, and more than 100 mages of Jax who already levitated off of the ground in the command center came back down as well; they all stopped casting powerful and destructive spells .

In just a few moments, more than 40,000 soldiers of Jax who were sieging the city all backed away 1,000 meters from the defense walls .

Dual-Flags City that was about to fall was temporarily safe again .

Since the soldiers of Jax tried to avoid the reinforcement of Zenit, the 6,000 cavaliers of Zenit quickly broke through the 60,000 soldiers of Jax as they were led by that super powerful archer . They easily penetrated through layers of formations of Jax that stretched over 3,000 meters and got to the gate of Dual-Flags City with a trail of blood behind them .

It took less than 10 minutes for the cavaliers of Zenit to get through the enemies, and they killed more than 1,000 enemies along the way with only a dozen casualties .

“Wolf Teeth! Defend!”

As a series of loud bugles sounded, the cavaliers turned around in unison and placed down a defensive formation . As they looked at the soldiers of Jax that were retreating, the gate behind them slowly opened .

After seeing this, the haughty figure on the hill sighed and said, “That archer of Zenit sure is powerful . It would be great if I can recruit him and make him one of my generals!”

All the commanders of Jax beside him didn’t say anything; they knew that their prince who loved talented and geniuses was at it again .

“Hahaha! You are dreaming!”

Frank Ribry finally let go of the breath he was holding in after he saw the cavaliers of Zenit getting through the formations of Jax easily . When he heard the head commander of Jax say that, he laughed loudly; it was filled with mockery . Just being able to see this haughty figure getting owned made Ribry’s day; he felt like he could die happy now .

That haughty figure turned his head and stared at Ribry coldly .

If he wanted to, he could turn Ribry into blood mists with a single finger .

However, he ended up laughing calmly .

“What is so funny? You are only a loser, and your life is in my hand . I have many ways to make you regret being born…… Hahaha, look! Your comrades even gave up on you . They entered the city and can live for a few more days; you, on the other hand, will die if I want you to!”

“Dying on the battlefield is the honor of a soldier! Why would I be afraid?” Ribry said fearlessly .

“Haha! Great! You are truly a warrior . But if I hang you on a cross in front of the city under the brutal sun, would your comrades come to save you?” a terrifying light flashed in this haughty figure’s eyes as he said that .

Ribry’s face changed color .

He knew that his enemies were going to use him as a bait to bait out his brother-like comrades .

“Your Highness, look!” at this moment, a commander of Jax suddenly shouted as he pointed at the direction of Dual-Flags City .

Ribry looked that way subconsciously, and he was shocked to see a man charging at this hill on his mount; this man was that invincible archer .

As if it was an answer to the question that the haughty figure asked, this man charged at the 60,000 soldiers of Jax on his own .

Everyone knew why that archer was coming this way .

He was here to save this commander of Zenit named Frank Ribry .

But saving someone from 60,000 enemies on his own?

“Is this guy crazy?”

Ribry got anxious; he wanted to shout and tell this mighty archer to not come here and save him by risking his own life .

Ribry knew how powerful this haughty commander of Jax was; he was defeated by this man who simply punched at him once, so this man was at least a Six-Star or Seven-Star Warrior! On top of that, there were hundreds of powerful commanders and tens of thousands of elite soldiers beside him .

It was suicide!

There was no chance of success .

Ribry felt extremely guilty; he knew he would feel even worse if such a powerful warrior of Zenit was killed because of him .

However, he couldn’t shout due to his severe injuries . When he opened his mouth, he immediately spat out a mouthful of blood . He got even more anxious because of that, and he staggered and almost fell to the ground .

Whoosh!

Whoosh!

Whoosh!

Arrows were being shot out by this archer, and everything in their ways were destroyed completely .

“Shields!”

The commanders in the herald legion of Jax shouted, and more than a dozen huge tower-shields were placed in front of the archer .

As long as the speed of this archer was slowed, the soldiers of Jax could eventually kill him using the numbers advantage .

Whoosh!

The answer to the tower-shields was the same – terrifying arrows!

Boom! Boom! Boom!

As loud noises sounded, the huge iron tower-shield in the middle that was more than three meters tall exploded .

It was a terrifying scene . The shield broke, and numerous iron chips flew back with speed . The soldiers of Jax who were behind the shield were instantly damaged; the iron chips pierced through their bodies and organs . As they fell to the ground and whined in pain, that archer already jumped over them with his black mount like lightning .

“Humph! Let me see how long he can last!” the haughty figure said coldly . “Send my order to the herald legion! Surround and kill this archer of Zenit!”

Bugle noises sounded again .

The formations on the side of Jax slowly changed as all the soldiers moved .

The soldiers of Jax who were at the two ends of the formation moved forward and made a U-shape, and a lot more soldiers stood in front of the hill that was the command center of Jax . Some mages cast levitation spells on themselves, and they started to summon magic elements in mid-air .

“Arrows!”

After a commander shouted, bowstring vibration noises sounded . A ton of arrows appeared in the air like locusts, and they were all aiming at that one man and his mount .

All of these arrows were expensive Penetration Arrows, and they were shot out by strong bows . They were powerful; they could easily penetrate through iron plates that were half a centimeter thick and the Warrior Energy Flames of Two-Star Warriors 100 meters away . They were used to kill the elite forces what were fully armored in battle, and they were also used to kill some mighty Star-level Warriors .

This arrow shower was genuinely terrifying .

Many commanders on the side of Jax believe that this mighty archer of Zenit was going to be severely injured at least if not killed .

However –

Tink! Tink! Tink! Tink!

It seemed like this archer didn’t mind these arrows at all! For some reason, he put away his bow, and his aura changed a little as well . This little change had enormous consequences .

The terrifying Penetration Arrows that were shot out by strong bows all stopped in mid-air when they were one meter away from him .

This archer’s speed didn’t slow down at all .

He was so fast that he left a dusty trail behind him, and the wind created by him blew all the arrows that were frozen in the air into the sky like straws . After that, they all fell to the ground weakly .

That man and his mount charged into the herald legion of Jax .

Too fast!

Before the soldiers of Jax could change their formations and deal with him, he already passed them .

The soldiers of Jax all rushed at him like flood and wanted to stop him, but the huge power difference couldn’t be equalized by numbers and fearless spirits . All the soldiers that charged at him were knocked back even faster, and that archer on the back of the black beast punched out and turned many soldiers of Jax into blood mists .

As the archer attacked, the black beast didn’t slow down at all . It sprinted by the soldiers of Jax, and the wind created by it even blew some soldiers into the sky .

The man and his mount easily penetrated through the herald legion in less than five seconds .

(* Support the translators and read on Noodletown Translations for free as soon as the chapters come out!) Insurance



* * *





Chapter 383




Chapter 383

Chapter 383: Charge! Charge! Charge! Charge!

The face of that haughty figure dropped .

He wanted to let the 6,000 cavaliers of Zenit enter the city; his men won’t need to fight with these cavaliers who had high morale at the moment, and these cavaliers would lose their mobility which was their advantage . Once these cavaliers lost their mobility, they would be like tigers who had fallen into a swamp; this haughty figure was confident that he could slowly kill these cavaliers with time while suffering minimal casualties .

But if he couldn’t stop this archer of Zenit right now, the morale of the troops of Jax would drop drastically .

“Let the mages do their work,” after a moment of silence, that haughty figure made a decision and commanded .

A dozen powerful mages started to chant spells under the protection of their guards, and they began to prepare one powerful magic attack . These mages in the military were very different from the mages in academies; they had more discipline, and they coordinated with each other better . With lots of experience, they were good at capturing opportunities and dealing the maximum amount of damage to their enemies .

“[Anger of the Goddess of Earth]!!”

Just as that man and his mount got through the herald legion, these mages found the opportunity and cast the spell without hesitation before he entered the second layer of defense legion . There weren’t any soldiers of Jax there, so these mages didn’t need to worry about injuring soldiers on their side .

Magic elements started to surge .

In the next moment, the ground that was really solid started to move . Some places moved up and down like waves, and some areas turned into swamps . At the same time, several huge spikes dashed out of the ground like drill heads and targeted the belly of the black beast .

“Bark! Bark! Bark!”

The angry roars of the black beast surprised everyone .

“It sounds like a dog! But how can a dog be this big?”

What happened next made these people rub their eyes to make sure that they weren’t hallucinating .

This huge beast had the superior agility that didn’t match its huge size . Like a dash of black smoke, it was able to jump away from the spikes, swamps, and waves . It even jumped over a few walls that the soldiers of Jax constructed for defense; these walls were all more than 10 meters tall .

[Anger of the Goddess of Earth] was a famous Ultimate Magic Spell that was used in battle . It required multiple mages, and it was able to create more than 20 kinds of disasters such quicksand, swamp, spikes, and traps in an area of one square kilometer; this spell was the nightmare to all cavaliers .

Of course, this spell had top-tier requirements . Other than the powerful mages, it needed magic devices to be pre-setup in the area, and the spell could only affect the area within the range of these devices .

This was why these mages of Jax didn’t use this spell when the 6,000 cavaliers of Zenit charged through the defense of Jax; the path of those cavaliers wasn’t within this area .

However, stopping this archer and his mount was a critical mission, so that haughty figure had to resort to this magic spell .

To everyone’s surprise, this magic spell was easily defeated by that archer…… no, it was his mount that easily defeated this spell using its agility and speed; it felt like this beast had a pair of wings on its back .

The dozen mages who were exhausted from casting this spell almost fainted after seeing this; this was a huge shocker to them .

This was beyond their imagination .

“A mid-size Ultimate Magic Spell couldn’t kill a dog?” they thought .

“Tell the herald legion to surround him from the behind, and tell the second defense legion to use the spear formation to kill him!” the haughty figure was getting gloomier and gloomier .

Bugle noises sounded again .

That archer and his mount faced the elite spearmen of Jax .

Each of the enormous iron spears that were more than three meters long was lifted by four soldiers each, and their sharp tips were all pointed at a 45-degree angle . Looking from afar, they looked like a forest of metal that represented death .

Spear Formation was one of the best tools against cavaliers .

Even a cavalier who had the strength of Five-Star could be potentially killed inside of it .

However, it didn’t seem like this archer and his mount would be killed by it . When he was 20 meters away, this archer started to punch out repeatedly, and transparent fist marks that were one cubic meter in size flew into the Spear Formation like meteors .

Blood instantly spilled in all directions .

Still, nothing could stop this man on the massive beast .

His punches created a path for him .

In front of these fist marks, the soldiers of Jax were too fragile . Blood created rivers and bones created hills . The black beast stepped over the blood and bones of the enemies, and this archer and his mount continued forward .

All of the commanders of Jax on the hill were mesmerized and stunned .

“What kind of strength does he have? How can he dominate over tens of thousands of people? Is he a Moon-Class Elite?”

That haughty head commander of Jax clearly sensed the drop in the morale of his men .

This was what he was afraid of .

In the mind of this haughty figure, this archer and his beast won’t do much damage to the troops of Zenit even if they killed some soldiers . After all, a war couldn’t be won with individual strength; there was an extent to how much damage one person can do . However, the damage to the morale of the troops was huge . To ordinary soldiers, this man was a huge deterrent .

“Give me my bow!” the haughty figure ordered .

A guard beside him quickly moved and got him a bow that had a special design; it looked like an eagle that opened its wings .

The body of the bow was grey, and both of its sides were white . There was the sculptured head of an eagle on top of the bow, and its bowstring looked like a beam of dark red light; it was hard to tell what material it was, but it emitted a fire-elemental energy .

As soon as he held onto the bow, the presence and the aura of this haughty figure changed .

If he was like a sword in a scabbard before, he was now a sword that was fully-drawn,

When he placed his finger on the bowstring and lightly pulled on it, a red arrow appeared on it .

Ribry who wasn’t too far away from him saw clearly that this arrow was made from Warrior Energy . Even if this bow was special and could empower this haughty figure, this man was very close to an Eight-Star Warrior .

“He is going to sneak attack with this strength?” Ribry thought to himself .

“Be careful……” Ribry got anxious immediately, and he shouted as he empowered his voice using the last bit of his Warrior Energy . However, since his body moved violently because of it, the wounds on his body got torn again .

Whoosh!

The arrow was already shot out before Ribry could finish shouting .

The speed of the arrow was extremely fast; it looked like it teleported itself . It got to the archer on the beast before the trail of red fire could be formed in the air .

That archer could only tilt his body and try to dodge this strike .

Blood spilled .

That red fire arrow pierced through this archer’s left shoulder and disappeared into the sky .

After all of this was done, the air-piercing noise created by the arrow finally sounded . This noise was so loud that it sounded like the eruption of a volcano . The soldiers who were close to the trail of the arrow bleed for their ears .

A series of loud cheers sounded on the side of Jax .

“That unstoppable devil is finally injured?”

“He is someone who would get injured as well?”

Blood leaked out of the wound on that archer’s left shoulder, and a cloud of smoke could be seen around it . The wound was so deep that white bones could be seen from it .

“He is injured! Charge and kill him!”

“Ahahaha! Cut off his head! It is a great merit!”

“He is about to die! Kill him!”

The soldiers around the archer were frenzied; they all charged at this archer as if the bravery was restored inside of them . “A dragon even could be killed if there are enough ants!” this phrase appeared in the heads of these soldiers . In their minds, if they could kill this man, the merits they could get from it would be enough to last the rest of their lives .

Even some commanders couldn’t hold in the urge and unleashed their Warrior Power .

Ribry was angry and anxious, and he couldn’t help but sigh as well . He felt guilty as he was captured because he underestimated his enemies and a master warrior of Zenit was in danger because of his actions .

However, what happened next restored hope in his mind .

“Hahaha! I’m disappointed! So the honor of the soldiers of Jax is gained from shameless sneak attacks and the numbers advantage?”

As a burst of laughter sounded, a visible aura exploded on this archer of Zenit . All of the enemies within 20 meters from him couldn’t dodge in time and were all turned into blood mists . All the Star-level commanders of Jax who were protected by their Warrior Energy were all killed by the punches of this man as well .



* * *





Chapter 384




Chapter 384

Chapter 384: Can You Still Battle?

After the laughter, that archer jumped up into the air from his black beast, and he instantly dashed over thousands of soldiers of Jax and moved forward for 400 meters .

In just a few seconds, he already appeared at the foot of the hill . He started laughing again as he began to walk up the hill . All of his enemies in front of him got exploded by him .

“Protect His Highness!”

“Stop him!”

“Quick! Don’t let him come up here!”

As soon as this archer of Zenit got close to the command center, the soldiers and a lot of commanders got nervous . Even though they knew that their prince was famous in Jax for his strength, this enemy in front of them seemed too powerful and scared them; they were afraid that the head commander would be in real danger .

However, this reaction was a massive shame in the eyes of that haughty figure .

“What are you guys getting nervous for? Move! I will kill him myself!” he pushed the guards in front of him away and unleashed his fire-elemental Warrior Energy Flames . Standing on the high ground, he looked down at his enemy and shouted dominantly, “The warrior of Zenit, tell me your name! I, the prince, will kill you on my own!”

“Hahaha! You must be joking! If you can take one punch from me, I will let you know my name . ”

Every time that archer took a step forward, this hill would shake a little . This combined with the fact that he would kill at least ten soldiers of Jax every time he stepped forward really added to his dominating aura .

“Arrogant bastard!”

The head commander of Jax instantly got angry . As the prince of the empire, no one had ever acted this recklessly in front of him before . He stomped on the ground and jumped into the air . By using the height of the hill, he punched down at this archer with power .

This punch was much more powerful than the blow that took out Ribry .

This was a punch that pulled in the beliefs and spirits of the 60,000 soldiers .

It felt like the weather even changed because of this punch .

Ribry’s heart stopped pumping for a second due to the insane anxiousness . Only the people who had experienced this punch first hand would know how powerful it was . That dominating power in this punch was stronger than a tsunami . Even though he was the No . 1 Warrior in Dual-Flags City, he had no chance against this man .

For a moment, it seemed like there was only this punch in the world .

The entire battlefield turned silent . It didn’t matter if they were the soldiers of Zenit who were on the defense wall or the soldiers of Jax who were close by, they all held their breath and waited for the outcome of this battle .

That archer of Zenit rooted himself on the ground .

He pulled his right hand back to his waist as he clenched his fist, and he lightly raised his left arm; it was a simple position that anyone would take before punching out .

Boom!

He punched out, and the two fists met in the air .

A series of red and transparent energy waves expanded outward from the center of the collision .

After a short moment of silence, loud booming noises almost broke the sky . The hill started to shake violently as if it was doomsday, and a huge crack appeared on the ground between the head commander of Jax and this archer of Zenit .

This only took one second .

The outcome was determined after that .

“Puff……Eh!”

The head commander of Jax spat out a mouthful of blood as his body flew backward .

His tall and muscular body was knocked back faster than the speed he came . He fell back to a bunch of his guards who were all shocked, and all the commanders and soldiers immediately protected him .

On the other hand, the body of that archer only shook a little; he wasn’t injured at all .

He stood beside Ribry, and there were tens of thousands of fully-armored enemies beside him . Looking from afar, it looked like he was a small boat in a large vicious ocean . But when he glanced around, all those soldiers and commanders close to him backed off a little in a hurry as if this man was a deadly beast .

At the moment, no one dared to look at that man in the eyes .

It was dominating .

He was invincible .

A smile appeared on the archer’s face, and the aura around him suddenly changed; it turned from ferociousness and violence to holiness and calmness . A golden battle ring appeared under his feet, and he pressed his palm against Ribry as a golden light appeared .

Ribry instantly felt like a stream of warm energy flowed into his body, and all the injuries he had were being healed at a fast speed .

No one dared to interrupt this man from healing Ribry, and no one dared to make a sound .

Ribry felt like his blood was boiling at this moment as if something exploded inside of him .

He was so excited that tear filled his eyes, but he didn’t want to cry in front of the enemies of Jax . He wanted to shout, “This is the warrior of our Zenit! He is able to fight against tens of thousands of soldiers and be absolutely invincible . ”

As Ribry was thinking about that, his shoulder was patted as someone said to him, “Warrior, how are you feeling? Can you still fight?”

Ribry turned around and finally saw the face of the man who dominated over 60,000 soldiers of Jax and their head commander who was an Eight-Star Warrior . He was shocked to find that this man was extremely young; it looked like this man was only 20 years old . Also, this man looked quite handsome and friendly; he looked like the boy from next door . No one could tell that this man had that domination in him .

After quite a while, Ribry realized what was going on . The head commander of the forces in Dual-Flags City acted like a soldier who just joined the military; he straightened his back subconsciously and saluted as he answered loudly, “Yes, sir! I can still fight!”

“Hahaha! Great! You are the role model for all soldiers of Zenit! The empire will be proud of you!”

The archer of Zenit laughed heroically . Like a God of Battle, no enemy dared to attack him . After he finished laughing, he suddenly turned his head around and looked at the prince of Jax who was knocked away by him; he glanced around using his sharp eyes, and he suddenly saw something . He grabbed in the air, and he was able to seize the eagle-shaped bow that the prince of Jax used to sneak-attack him from one of the prince’s guards .

“Nice bow! Haha! Not bad!”

After the archer somehow pulled that bow into his hand from afar, he observed it for a while and praised it repeatedly . Suddenly, a light flashed by, and that bow disappeared; it was apparent that it was placed in the storage space of this archer . Then, this archer shouted, “Hey, this bow is not bad! It barely fits my standards, but I will take it! If you get stronger later on, you can come and take it back! Haha!”

After he said that, he grabbed onto Ribry’s shoulder and laughed, “Hahaha! Since you can still battle, then let’s create a path out with me!” he completely ignored that prince of Jax who was looking at him with hate and resentment .

Before Ribry could react in time, he felt getting pulled . Everything in his sight changed fast as he felt like he was flying . He already got away from the hill in a few seconds, and that black beast knocked over a few more soldiers of Jax and roared as it jumped in front of the archer and him .

“Fu*k off!” more than 40 soldiers of Jax around them felt dizzy after hearing that loud shout; blood even flowed out of their ears and noses .

That archer grabbed Ribry and jumped onto the black beast together, and no one around them dared to stop them . Before they took off, that archer looked back at the command center of Jax that was in chaos and laughed even more .

On the way back, all of the soldiers of Jax quickly moved away and created a path for them; it was strange because it felt like the 60,000 soldiers were cheering on their warriors .

“Ahahaha! Leave the bow [Eagle of the Desert] here! That is the treasure of the Royal Family!…… Sh*t! Who are you?…… Who the fu*k are you?”

The prince of Jax finally got rid of that powerful energy this archer injected into his body, and he started shouting after he pushed away the guards in front of him; it felt like he had lost his mind .

What happened brought too much shame to him . As the super genius of the Jax Empire, he almost couldn’t find a suitable opponent in his age range . He was the pride of the people of Jax, and he was one of the most talented princes . But here today, he was defeated by a nameless commander of Zenit; he couldn’t bear this shame .

In reality, this was a rare opportunity for him to be able to lead the herald legions of Jax and siege Dual-Flags City . Everyone in Jax knew that being able to bring back the royal flag that Emperor Yassin of Zenit took from Amsterdam 26 years ago was a key achievement, and it would be a significant amount of military merit as well; the head commander would be the hero of the people .

A lot of princes were looking to seize this opportunity in Jax .

This Prince Fairenton was able to get the help from his master, and he was able to win over Emperor Fuji and get this opportunity .

Before he arrived here with his troops, he had done his homework and knew that there weren’t many soldiers and top-tier warriors in Dual-Flags City .

He thought that he would be able to easily conquer the city with the 60,000 soldiers under his command . He was very close to achieving that, but he encountered an even more arrogant opponent who led the reinforcement of Zenit, and he wasn’t even able to take one strike from him .



* * *





Chapter 385




Chapter 385

Chapter 385: King of Chambord

How can he accept that? Insurance

He had to know the name of his opponent! He had to remember this name and defeat this man in the future in order to redeem himself!

“Tell me, you have to tell me your name!” Insurance

The young head commander of Jax dropped his pride and ego and shouted angrily; his loud voice resonated on the battlefield, and the soundwave even hit the defense wall of Dual-Flags City and created a series of loud echoes .

That archer on the black beast finally stopped .

He slowly turned around and looked at that head commander on the hill . With a teasing expression on his face, he cleared his throat and said slowly, “Ok, since you asked me this sincerely, I will be kind and tell you . Listen……”

Although this man’s voice wasn’t loud, everyone on the battlefield was able to hear him clearly . Insurance

Everyone was curious to know; they all wanted to know who this powerful and invincible young archer of Zenit was! Insurance

“I am a level 2 noble of Zenit, the king of Chambord, King Alexander!”

Fei was delighted with this scene . All that he did before was to build up this moment; there was no doubt in the king’s mind that the name of Alexander was going to be remembered by everyone here . Insurance

Such a showy moment! Insurance

By stating his name in a moment like this, he was sure that his enemies could never forget about it ever again . Insurance

After Fei said his name, he carefully observed and enjoyed the expressions on his enemies’ faces . After his vanity was a little fulfilled, he rode Blacky back to Dual-Flags City Insurance

No one dared to chase after him .

……

“King Alexander of Chambord?” Insurance

Prince Fairenton was initially confused, but that confusion soon turned into surprise Insurance

He recalled this named Insurance

“The king of a little affiliated kingdom?” he was sure that he saw this name before on a report that the intelligence agency of Jax gave him . On the report, it stated that this man was the No . 1 Master Warrior among all affiliated kingdom of Zenit, but it also said that this man was only on the level of Six-Star but exhibited huge potential . Insurance

“How can a little king who is on the level of Six-Star defeat me, an Eight-Star Warrior?” Prince Fairenton was confused . Insurance

“Something is wrong…… . At least the comments in the report are outdated…… Also…… Did I miss something?” Fairenton suddenly recalled that a bunch of defeated soldiers came back from the desert near dawn and said that they have urgent matters to report . He rejected their request as he felt like they lost their pride…… “Was I wrong to reject them?” he thought .

“Bring those defeated soldiers who are being punished right now to me!” Prince Fairenton said to a guard beside him as he suppressed the injuries in his body .

“As you wish, Your Highness . ” Insurance

…… Insurance

“Huh? What is going on?” Insurance

Fei came back to the gate of Dual-Flags City with Ribry, and he found that the 6,000 cavaliers of Zenit that should have entered the city were still at the gate . Although he only took about 10 minutes to rescue Ribry, there should be enough time for the herald brigade to enter the city . Insurance

“The command in the military is paramount! Why aren’t you entering the city? Huh? Why is the gate closed?” Fei got close to the gate and asked angrily .

The opportunities during battles and wars would only show themselves for a few seconds, and any delay would lead to catastrophic consequences . Since the cavaliers were already at the gate and lost their momentum mobility, they would be wiped out if the enemies attacked them at this period . If the enemies weren’t shocked and distracted by Fei and their head commander wasn’t injured by Fei, the soldiers of Jax would have already charged at the herald brigade of [Wolf Teeth Legion]!

“Sir! The gate was being opened, but someone who is the messenger of the mayor Soroyov came and ordered the soldiers on the defense wall to close it! He refused to open the gate doesn’t matter what I say . ” Insurance

Shevchenko was relieved when he saw Fei coming back . Insurance

“Closed the gate?” Fei was extremely angry, “Why? Insurance

“He said that it was necessary to keep the invaders of Jax out…… he said that soldiers of Jax would charge into the city with the reinforcement……” Shevchenko explained with a helpless expression on his face .

“Bullsh*t!” Fei was raging, “They are more than 1,000 meters away, and I was in their formations distracting them . How can they charge in? How can you guys let him continue with this BS?” Fei scolded .

The king was very unpleased with Shevchenko’s hesitation, but he understood the situation after he saw the troubled expression on Shevchenko’s face .

Shevchenko and the commanders were only low-level nobles, but the mayor Soroyov of Dual-Flags City is a hereditary noble of the empire; his status was much higher than everyone in the brigade . As a result, the commanders couldn’t really force the messenger of the mayor to do anything .

“It is ok; it is not your fault . ” Fei calmed down a little .

He handed over Ribry who had fainted due to the severe injuries to a few Saint Seiyas and said to Shevchenko, “Come with me . ”

After he took a few steps forward, he turned around and said, “Remember, as long as you believe you are making the right decision, don’t hesitate about it! Just do what you believe is right! If there are any issues, I got your back . ”

Shevchenko nodded firmly; he was touched .

They quickly arrived in front of the gate . Insurance

“How many times do I have to say it? Stop nagging! You guys can’t come in! Just go somewhere close and camp there . What will happen if the enemies of Jax charge into the city when we open the gate? Go away! If not, I will order the soldiers to shoot at you……” a loud yet unpleasant voice sounded on the defense wall .

Fei looked up and saw a person who had a hunched back and a pale face . His eyes were small, but he was extremely arrogant . With guards around him, he pointed at Shevchenko and scolded . Insurance

“Sir……” everyone around Fei saluted at him after seeing his return .

Fei waves his hand, and he was already raged . He no longer wanted to explain anything, so he raised his head and shouted, “Open the gate in three seconds, or else . ”

Everyone clearly heard Fei’s voice .

The messenger on the defense wall was obviously stunned by this rough reply . Like a dog that got its mating partner taken away, he started shouting in anger, “How dare you? What is your status? You are only the king of a little affiliated kingdom! Fu*k off! If it wasn’t for your bravery earlier, I would have sent you to the Black Jail in Imperial Knight Palace! I’m not opening the gate for anyone! What can you do?”

The commanders in the herald brigade such as Cech, Pierce, and Drogba were all anger . As they were about to reply to the insult, Fei stopped them and said calmly, “Prepare to enter the city!” Insurance

Three seconds passed quickly, and that messenger was still scolding Fei along with the guards beside him who were in fancy armors .

Fei used [Leap] of the level 86 Barbarian, and the king was already on the defense wall like a big bird .

Tap! Insurance

Fei landed on the defense wall with intense murderous spirits .

Those people who were scolding and swearing were surprised to find a warrior in blood in front of them, and they were no longer able to say anything like a hen that got its neck pinched . Insurance

These people took a few steps back subconsciously, and that pale messenger’s face whitened even more . Looking at him closely, Fei realized that this person had loose black hair and yellow eyes, and he looked extremely viciously and arrogant .

After seeing the guards around him, this messenger got some courage back and took a step forward as he pointed at Fei and shouted, “Soldier, who allowed you to get on here without permission?”

Fei ignored these few people . Insurance

From their clean armors and smooth hairs, Fei could tell that they didn’t participate in the battle; no dust could even be seen on their white capes .

“Open the gate . ” Fei looked at the few soldiers nearby who had a ton of blood on them; these were the warriors who fought the enemies, and they were the ones who deserved the respect . Insurance

These soldiers looked at each other . After some hesitation, one taller soldier stepped out and shouted, “Open the gate! Let our comrades enter the city!”

After seeing how the 6,000 cavaliers went through the enemies and how Fei dominated over the enemies on his own, the soldiers in Dual-Flags City already admired Fei and the herald brigade greatly . These soldiers on the frontline disliked the mayor and his messengers for a long time, and even an ordinary soldier knew what to do at this moment . Insurance

Crank! Crank! Crank! Crank!……Insurance

A few soldiers activated the mechanisms on the defense wall, and a few special magic arrays were triggered . As the cranking noises sounded, the gate started to open slowly .

After seeing this, that pale messenger of the mayor screamed like a mad dog, “How dare you? You nasty bug! Who allowed you to open the gate? Do you want to die? Disobeying the order of the mayor? Guards, go and kill him!”



* * *





Chapter 386




Chapter 386

As soon as this pale and thin messenger finished shouting, two of the mayor’s guards sneered and drew their swords as they walked towards those soldiers . They didn’t dare to attack Fei, but they could do anything they want to those low-level soldiers . When they walked pass Fei, one of them even smiled and squinted his eyes at Fei to provoke him .

Pia! Pia!

Fei who was standing there in silence suddenly slapped out .

The two guards who were sneering a second before didn’t react in time, and they were knocked away like two punchbags .

Fei didn’t hold back any of his strength; he was outraged . A few deep palm marks appeared on the silver helmets of the two guards, and the two helmets were completely deformed . The two heads inside the two deformed helmets were crushed, and blood and brain matters flowed out everywhere .

Bam! Bam! Their corpses smashed onto the battlement and were turned into meat paste .

This violent yet sudden scene shocked everyone on the defense wall .

For a moment, everyone was silent; there were only the sounds of people swallowing their drools .

“Crank……”

The noises the gate made when it opened was very ear-piercing at this moment; as if their hearts were being hammered, everyone shivered subconsciously .

“No! You can’t! You…… damn it! Stop it!” that messenger was angry and scared . He finally realized what was going on and pointed at Fei as he shouted, “Who are you? You are only the king of a little affiliated kingdom! You……”

Pia!

Before this messenger could realize what was going on and scream, his head exploded like a watermelon that got dropped, and his headless corpse staggered a little and fell to the ground; blood flowed out of his neck like a river .

“Aaaaaa! Murder! You killed the mayor’s messenger! You……”

The guards of the mayor who weren’t killed were terrified . They wanted to threaten Fei, but they decided to shut up and run after seeing the deformed corpses and the careless expression on Fei’s face . As if they saw an Undead Creature, they didn’t even dare to look back . Soon, they ran off the tall defense wall and disappeared .

Fei only sneered at them and didn’t stop them . After they were gone, he looked at the direction they were running at and thought about something for a while .

The gate of the city was fully opened .

The well-prepared 6,000 cavaliers entered the city in an orderly fashion . The cavaliers were able to control their horses well, and they entered the city in less than five minutes . After a series of cranking noises, the gate closed again,

As soon as the cavaliers entered the city, they were welcomed by the residents of Dual-Flags City on both sides of the street .

The residents didn’t participate in the defense, so they didn’t know how dangerous the situation was . But any kinds of reinforcement were good in their eyes . Although there weren’t a lot of soldiers in this reinforcement, the residents heard that they did help the defending forces of Dual-Flags City to fend off the invaders for now; this alone was enough for the residents to cheer them on .

With the help of [Earth’s Protection], not a lot of structures and buildings inside Dual-Flags City were damaged by the rocks, arrows, and magic spells of Jax . There were a lot of three-story stone buildings on the sides of the street; shy kids peeked out of the window to see who were the heroes that came to save them, and more courageous girls got to the side of the street and cheered for the cavaliers .

Red capes, black horses, sharp swords with the enemies’ blood on them, and handsome faces under the beautiful helmets…… .

The appearance of the cavaliers attracted a lot of attention, and some mature girls couldn’t wait to capture their Prince Charming .

The cavaliers in the herald brigade enjoyed this warm welcome .

The 6,000 cavaliers were led by the subordinate of Frank Ribry and got taken to the Military Camp Square that wasn’t too far away from the gate . The warhorses got the chance to rest and get fed, and the cavaliers got the chance to set up tents and cook lunch; after the long-distance travel and the ferocious battle, the cavaliers and their horses were tired .

The commanders of the herald brigade of [Wolf Teeth Legion] met up with the commanders of military forces in Dual-Flags City for the first time .

The invaders didn’t back away, and another siege could potentially happen at any time . The commanders of the two different groups had to have a meeting and get familiar with each other quick; that was the only way to make sure that they could coordinate well in battle and don’t handle over any opportunities to the enemies .

Fei didn’t participate in that meeting .

The first thing the king did was to use the [Horadric Cube] to transmute and create 20 Mid-tier Magic Gems . After he placed them inside the magic array [Earth’s Protection], he used the knowledge he learned from Priestess Akara and fixed a few locations in the array that were damaged by the enemies; this magic array was crucial to the defense, and Fei had to fix it first .

After this was done, one hour had already passed .

“Eh, 20 High-Tier Magic Gems…… they are the last bit of treasures the Royal Family of Chambord has . I used them all here to help with the defense of Dual-Flags City, and we need to make a note of it . We will send a message back to the Military Headquarter of Zenit and ask them to reimburse us . Oh, tell them that they could just send back gold coins of equivalent value . To show Chambord’s loyalty to the empire, tell them that we can give them a 20% discount . Remember, ask our comrades at Dual-Flags City to notarize our claims, so the officials at the Military Headquarter won’t think that we are scamming them . ”

Fei clapped his hands and reminded Peter Cech who was beside him with an earnest expression .

Peter Cech nodded and even took out a piece of paper and a pen to write it down; it looked like everything was within reason .

A tall commander of forces in Dual-Flags City was shocked to hear this conversation; he was acting as the guide for Fei, and it was his first time hearing that someone dared to ask the empire for a reimbursement . It was strange because everything felt normal as the Deputy Commander of the reinforcement acted calmly after hearing those words .

“Is he really only the king of a little affiliated kingdom? It feels like he doesn’t even care about the opinions of the officials in the Military Headquarter……” that tall commander thought to himself and smiled .

Although he didn’t know what role this king played in the reinforcement, he knew that this king wasn’t an ordinary figure .

What Fei did next was normal; he chatted with this tall commander about all sorts of things . When the topic turned to the defensive battle today, that tall commander told them that Mayor Soroyov and the nobles in the city pulled back their personal soldiers and were planning to ditch the city .

Cech’s expression immediately changed after hearing that .

After being with the king for a while, Cech knew about Fei’s personality; he knew that the king was simple and hated nobles and officials who were corrupt and cowardly .

What surprised Cech was that the king didn’t get triggered; Fei continued to chat with this commander with a bright smile .

After a while, Fei and Cech had a good idea about what was going on at Dual-Flags City .

According to the structure of Zenit, there were two branches of power . Using Dual-Flags City as an example, the mayor was in charge of internal affairs while the head commander of military forces was in charge of defense and patrolling the area . The mayor and the head commander of military forces didn’t have the power to interfere with each other’s work .

However, there was one law that messed with this structure – During wars, the control of the city and the military forces would be placed in the hands of the person who had the highest nobility; didn’t matter if it was the mayor or the head commander of military forces, they both had to listen to this person; this would unite all powers in a city and make sure no chaos would occur .

This law had no issues; it gave flexibility and structure to a potentially chaotic situation .

However, it created a lot of issues for Dual-Flags City . The Mayor Soroyov was a level 2 hereditary noble and was the person who got that power . Soroyov was a useless yet timid man; he was just like other hereditary nobles who were corrupt to their souls .

At a time like this, the hereditary structure of Zenit showed its ugly face .

After Soroyov knew that the Jax Empire was going to attack his Dual-Flags City, he almost crapped his pants . He hid in his mansion every day and hoped that the invaders wouldn’t come . Although he was scared, he wasn’t willing to ditch the city and ditch the wealth and the status he accumulated over the years .

As soon as the first scout of Jax showed himself, the selfishness of this corrupted noble demonstrated itself .

Soroyov ordered the soldiers to close the gates; he didn’t allow anyone to come in or leave the city .

This order caused the civilians of Zenit, who lived closed to Dual-Flags City and didn’t have the time to escape, die under the blades of Jax, and this order caused the territory around Dual-Flags City to be controlled by the invaders of Jax entirely .



* * *





Chapter 387




Chapter 387

Chapter 387: Brother, You Could See the Truth

If Fei and the reinforcement didn’t arrive on time, Mayor Soroyov and the nobles in the city would have already ditched the city, the 30,000 soldiers, and hundreds of thousands of civilians .

Since the first siege attempt of the enemies was over, the city enjoyed some rare quietness .

According to this tall commander, all the people in the city belonged to the following categories; mayor and nobles and their henchmen, the defending military force, the reinforcement, the civilians, the Holy Church, the Merchant Groups, the Mercenary Groups, the Mage Union, etc . Among them, only the Holy Church was the force that was exempted from all of the chaos; they didn’t need to worry about the invaders of Jax because no one dared to kill a member of the Holy Church in the last 50 years . As long as they kept their neutral stance during the war, they won’t be affected by it . The Mage Union inside the city decided to stand with Zenit and supported the defending military force, and they were already one of the key targets of Jax .

The more Fei chatted with this commander, the more he liked this man . As they walked together and talked, Fei and this tall commander who had a simple mind were no longer reserved in front of each other; they patted each other’s shoulders and laughed while talking .

“So this Soroyov should be hung and punished, right?” Fei laughed as he summarized the situation .

Cech who was following them frowned a little .

“Of course! He is a bug! A fatty with a head full of sh*t and semen!……” this tall commander said emotionally, “If we listened to Mr . Ribry’s recommendations, the invaders of Jax wouldn’t gain control of the territory, and those 2,000 civilians could still be alive now…… If this war is going to kill a lot of people, I wish all of these fat and cowardly nobles die!” as he said that, he patted Fei’s shoulder with force to express his anger .

Cech frowned, even more, when he saw this .

“You are right, but there are still some good nobles, right?” the smile on Fei’s face froze for a second as he thought, “I’m technically a noble as well . If he believes in that, I would be included as well . ”

“You are right . At least the Royal Family of Zenit has always been nice to the civilians . Among all empires in the region, the civilians of Zenit got the best treatment . Since Emperor Yassin His Majesty established Zenit, a lot of the policies and laws favored the civilians; otherwise, Mr . Ribry who has no noble background won’t be able to become the head commander of Dual-Flags City,” this tall commander added, “I also heard that the new No . 1 Commander of our Battle Zone, King Alexander, is also a noble who treats civilians with respect . Although my comrades and I weren’t at that competition, a lot of mercenaries, traveling poets, and merchants praised him for his kindness and fairness . I hope what they said is true! If someone like that could control the forces in the area, there is still hope for Dual-Flags City!”

“Hahaha! You really think so?” the king ignored the first half of this commander’s comment and questioned with excitement, “I don’t think so . I heard that this king of Chambord is violent; he dared to fight against the Imperial Knight Palace . ”

Fei was excited as he didn’t know that his fame was spread across the empire including this remote city, but he didn’t reveal his identity and wanted to prank this commander .

After hearing what Fei said, this commander rolled his eyes and said, “You are wrong in this regard . All the officials at the Imperial Knight Palace aren’t as fair and just like how they promote themselves . I heard that they are standing against the king of Chambord because the Tenth Execution Knight Sutton provoked King Alexander first, and they had the face to fight against him in a 1 V 4 battle……”

“Haha! Brother! I got nothing to say! I have to say that you are a critical thinker and could see the truth! I agree with you 100%,” Fei laughed proudly .

The camp of the reinforcement was now close by, and he patted the shoulder of this tall commander and asked, “Oh, what is your name?”

“Emile…… hehe, Emile Husky,” the tall commander scratched his head and answered with a smile .

“Emile? Nice name . Brother, I can promise you that you will get fortunate one day,” Fei replied and patted this commander’s shoulder again; Fei’s impression of this tall commander was pretty good .

“Oh? Really?” the tall commander was a little surprised at the compliment, “Is it really? They all call me Idiot Husky . ”

He was only a low-level official; he had a lot of physical strength, but he wasn’t too intelligent; he was usually in charge of feeding and washing warhorses, and other commanders like to ask him to do their tasks . He wasn’t qualified enough to lead soldiers in a real battle, so he wasn’t on the defense wall today and didn’t see what happened . He didn’t know who Fei was; he only felt like this young man in the military uniform was very nice and wasn’t haughty like other nobles, and that was why he told Fei everything there was to know about Dual-Flags City . If any other commanders were here, they wouldn’t say everything they know and their opinions to someone who was like a stranger to them .

Of course, he also didn’t understand the deeper meaning behind Fei’s words .

However, Cech understood the king’s intention .

“Although this tall commander is a little dumb, he is straightforward and honest; the king really likes this kind of people . Looks like he is getting promoted and getting a raise for sure! All of that could be done as long as the king says so! He is lucky for sure!” Cech thought to himself .

When they got to the gate of the camp that the herald brigade of [Wolf Teeth Legion] set up, the commanders in the brigade saw Fei and quickly walked over .

Fei smiled and patted Husky’s shoulder as he said, “Emile, I have something to do now . I will see you later . ”

“Ok, I need to go and take care of the warhorses,” that tall commander said and turned around . After he took a few steps forward, he turned back around and asked, “Bro, what is your name? I can come and find you after I’m done; we can chat more . ”

Fei found it funny as it was the first time that someone in this world called him that . He waved his hand and said, “You will know soon; we will meet again . ”

……

After communicating, the herald brigade established the camp on a square that was about one square kilometer in size . All kinds of brand-new tents and equipment were set up, and all those soldiers of Dual-Flags City could only stare in envy .

Although Dual-Flags City was known as the most important city in the northwest region of Zenit, it was pretty remote . The Royal Family paid a lot of attention to this city 20 years ago, but it was gradually forgotten as the high-level officials of Zenit got corrupt, and peace maintained itself between Zenit and Jax for the last 20 years .

As a result, the soldiers in the city were almost ignored .

It was common for their remuneration to be deducted and their new equipment to be delayed . A lot of their equipment was out-dated as some soldiers were using rusty swords . Therefore, the combat abilities of these soldiers couldn’t be that good . Compared to the soldiers in [Wolf Teeth Legion], the soldiers of Dual-Flags City were like beggars on a street corner .

“How was the meeting?” Fei asked Shevchenko and others as he cleaned his face with warm water and a towel that one of his guards gave him .

“Better than expected,” Shevchenko reported with a joyous expression, “After Your Majesty dominated over the invaders today alone, you have completely conquered the soldiers of Dual-Flags City . Also, since you have declared your identity during the siege, everyone knows that you are the new No . 1 Commander of Jax Battle Zone . With the support of the head commander of Dual-Flags City Frank Ribry, all 30,000 soldiers of Dual-Flags City are willing to listen to your commands . ”

“Eh…… humans are strange animals . When facing danger, it could be easy for us to unite together, but it could also throw us into chaos,” after Fei cleaned his face, he stretched and added, “However, the soldiers of Dual-Flags City got some balls . At least their head commander Frank Ribry dares to try to assassinate the head commander of the enemies . Although he failed, he should be respected and studied by all soldiers . ”

Shevchenko nodded and agreed . Almost everyone saw what Ribry did today, and that moved a lot of people .

“Give half of our supplies to the soldiers of Dual-Flags City,” Fei said after some thoughts, “The invaders might try sieging again, so we have to improve their strength . ”

Shevchenko nodded .

“Oh, is there any news from the mayor?”

Fei recalled what happened today, and a cold grin appeared on his face . He already got a bad impression of the mayor; if that mayor dared to mess with him, Fei was prepared to take out the mayor and the nobles around him once for all . Others might be afraid of the backgrounds and the connections these people have, but Fei didn’t care; killing useless and harmful nobles was like killing rats for him .

“We hadn’t got the time to communicate with the mayor yet . I heard that his personal soldiers are tightly guarding the area with a 1,000-meter radius around his mansion . Outsiders aren’t allowed to enter…… I wonder what Soroyov and the nobles are up to……” it sounded like Shevchenko was displeased with this mayor as well .

(* Support the translators and read on Noodletown Translations for free as soon as the chapters come out!)

Update: Ayyy! we reached our 1k goal on Patreon, thank you all for your support! We will be releasing 2 bonus chaps on Sept 1st, and do 6 chaps/week for the entire September .

P . S . You are also getting 16 month-end bonus releases starting this weekend .



* * *





Chapter 388




Chapter 388

Chapter 388: Don’t Agree? Die then!

“Send someone to the mayor’s mansion . Order him to come and hand over the tokens that represent the control of the internal affairs and the military forces . Also, notify all the nobles and asked them to give me 500 of their private soldiers each; they need to come up with the funding and the weapons . These soldiers will be placed in a battalion and would help us in the defense . ” Fei felt like the city lacked soldiers and gave a few orders that old Aryang suggested beforehand .

“Huh…… what if the nobles don’t agree?” Shevchenko hesitated a little . After all, the private soldiers were the nobles’ properties, and Fei’s order would be equivalent of forced expropriation .

“If they don’t agree, they can die!” Fei laughed .

Shevchenko smelled something terrifying in the atmosphere .

He felt like the king wanted to see the nobles rebel; he felt like that would give the Legion Commander a reason to kill these corrupt nobles . After thinking back to what happened to that messenger of the mayor, Shevchenko felt like he understood this Legion Commander a little better, and he felt sorry for those corrupt nobles for a second .

“Looks like their corruption and their lack of caring for the civilians have really made the Legion Commander mad,” he thought .

“Also, we need to get the help from the civilians as well . Although we don’t need them to participate in the battle yet, we need to select the civilians who are young and fit and train them . If the situation gets worse, even these civilians might have to get on the defense wall and fight against the invaders . ”

When Fei said that, he suddenly recalled an idiom on earth – “turn the entire nation into soldiers . ”

The Jax Empire was using a lot of its strength to attack Zenit! Just their herald troops had 60,000 soldiers, and the number would be unthinkable if the entire invading force of Jax arrives here .

Even though Zenit had the support of the St . Germain Empire, it didn’t have enough soldiers to fight against Spartax, Eindhoven, and Jax . From the look of it, it seemed like the Military Headquarter of Zenit was only planning to send the newly formed [Wolf Teeth Legion] that had less than 50,000 soldiers to the Jax Battle Zone; it felt like there weren’t more reinforcements . As a result, in order to defend against the invaders of Jax, all the civilians in the city had to help in the war .

After thinking, Fei decided to listen to his strategist old Aryang’s recommendation . He knew that to stabilize the current situation, he had to borrow ideas from the “Great Party” in his previous life . There were way more civilians than nobles; to unite all civilians and motivate them, he had to break these nobles and distribute their wealth . In fact, breaking these nobles and giving power to the civilians who were mostly poor was the only way that potentially could provide hope to the grim situation .

Shevchenko listened to the order and instructed various subordinates on what to do .

“Eh? Andrew, do you have something to say?” Fei asked . After everything was done, Shevchenko still didn’t leave; it looked like he was hesitating about something .

“Sir, your injury……”

Fei was a little surprised, but he soon realized what Shevchenko meant .

When he was inside the enemies’ formations, he was sneak attacked by their head commander, and that arrow went through his left shoulder . He was the only person who could beat that arrogant prince; if he was severely injured, the strategy and planning around the defense might need to be changed .

“Haha, don’t worry! I’m fully recovered!” Fei replied as he even moved his arms and stretched his shoulders .

As he said that, he suddenly remembered that he robbed a nice-looking bow from the enemies; he recalled that the prince said it was a treasure of the Royal Family of Jax .

He took out that strong bow that looked like a flying eagle from his storage ring .

It was a great bow .

The bowstring itself had a glare to it; a magic energy surged on it . When Fei placed his finger on the bowstring, it felt tough; he was only able to pull and fully open the bow after using more than 50% of his physical strength . Then, a suction force appeared on the bowstring and pulled some energy from Fei’s arm into it . Right after that happened, a transparent arrow gradually appeared on the bow .

Fei remembered that Prince Fairenton of Jax shot out a red arrow, but the color and the feel of the arrow was different now; it seemed like this bow would form different kinds of arrows based on the user’s energy .

Whoosh!

Fei released the bowstring and shot the arrow . That arrow almost disappeared into the sky in an instant .

“Nice bow! The speed of the arrow is just too fast! It is great at sneak attacking! No wonder I didn’t dodge that strike . Although the power of the arrow isn’t that explosive, it could kill Moon-Class Elites if their vital spots got struck . ”

Fei was a little surprised .

He didn’t expect that something he robbed from the enemies for fun was actually this good; this bow was better than all the magic bows he got in Diablo World .

Shevchenko was obviously shocked by the power of the bow as well; if two warriors were within 100 meters from each other and one warrior was two star-levels below the other warrior, the weaker warrior could still have a chance of winning if he or she had this bow . As a result, he took a few steps back subconsciously .

After some thinking, he asked, “Sir, there is a question I’m not sure if I should ask . ”

“What? Just ask . ”

“You could have killed the head commander of Jax today, why didn’t you do it?”

Fei placed the bow back into his storage space and lightly shook his head, “That prince of Jax is an Eight-Star Warrior . Since he has this strength when he is this young, he must be a significant figure; he isn’t like an ordinary prince . If I killed someone like this, the troops of Jax would siege the city frantically non-stop to avenge for him; Dual-Flags City would be in real danger if that happened . ”

After he said that, he walked out of the central tent . He looked at the soldiers who were busy in the camp as well as the sun in the sky and sighed, “What we need to do now is to drag this war on . We need to be like a nail that holds the forces of Jax in this desert; we need to buy time for the other two Battle Zones…… therefore, we can’t really trigger Jax too much . If that Emperor Fuji of Jax really gets mad and is going to attack us with the full strength of Jax, we can’t defend against them even if we have 10 Dual-Flags Cities . ”

“I got it . ” Shevchenko’s eyes lit up as he nodded, “Dual-Flags City and [Wolf Teeth Legion] are walking on a string above a cliff; we have to control the tempo and the balance . That way, we won’t get wiped out, and we can buy more time . ”

Fei nodded and said, “That is right . ”

He suddenly changed his tone and added, “I can kill that prince easily if I want to . It doesn’t matter if I kill him or not . From what happened today, I can tell that he is arrogant and conceited, and it seems like he is more interested in personal cultivation than commanding troops . It isn’t a bad option leaving such an emotional and arrogant head commander to the soldiers of Jax . ”

“Such a great idea!” Shevchenko wasn’t flattering Fei; he really felt that way .

Fei smiled and waved his hand; he told this brigade commander to get busy .

Currently, most of the issues were dealt by Shevchenko and Cech . Fei was used to being a hands-off leader, and the generals and strategists around him were much busier than him .

However, what Shevchenko said made Fei think .

“Yeah, how come I’m becoming more calculative after I came to Azeroth Continent? For some issues, I don’t even need to think, and I will have an answer to most of the issues…… Could it be that one of the three Miraculous Skills – [Learn] is changing me as a person slowly? Or could it be that I’m just growing faster after I experienced two worlds?”

As the king took a deep breath and wanted to think about these questions, a bunch of noises sounded .

“Fu*k off! Tell your commander to come out and see me!”

“Who am I? You nasty bug! You aren’t qualified to know! Tell your idiotic commander to come out and see me if he still wants to live! I have the order from the No . 1 commander of Dual-Flags City! If he is late, he will be executed!”

“Hahaha! A bunch of pigs! Tell you the truth, your idiotic commander dared to kill the mayor’s messenger, and he has made the mayor mad! He will be killed eventually!”

Fei frowned as he walked to the gate of the camp .

“What is going on?” Fei asked .

There were a few young men in fancy and noble suits who were pointing fingers, and they were guarded by about 30 fully armored guards . In front of them, the soldiers of the herald brigade were angry but didn’t dare to speak up . Fei already understood the situation by just looking at it .

“Sir, these people said that they are high-level nobles in the city, and they have the mayor’s order and are here to see you……” the soldiers saw Fei and got excited . Although they only spent a little bit of time with this Legion Commander, they knew about his protective personality . They felt safe after seeing his presence, and they told him everything .

Fei nodded .

He knew what was going on, and he was pleased by the fact that his soldiers didn’t exaggerate the situation because of their anger .

He took a good look at these young men .

These young men who were dressed nicely were in their 20s, and they were all pale and weak; it was obvious that the comfortable and obscene lifestyles had taken away a lot of their vitality . However, despite their weak appearances, the arrogance and the feeling of superiority could be sensed on them a mile away .



* * *





Chapter 389




Chapter 389

Chapter 389: Execution

“Oh right! Hand over your horses…… no…… Roaring Flame Beasts,” a young noble wanted to add something, but he suddenly saw the level 4 Roaring Flames Beasts that were chilling inside the camp and changed his mind

As if he discovered a gold mine, greed and viciousness appeared in his eyes as he shouted, “Quick! Hand over the Roaring Flame Beasts! We, huh, no, the mayor is going to confiscate them!”

“Ah! Are they really Roaring Flame Beats? Level 4 Demon Beasts? Haha! We will be getting richer!……”

“Yeah! These dirty soldiers don’t deserve to ride on these fantastic mounts! Us, who have superior bloodlines, should enjoy them . ”

The young noblemen around the first nobleman who discovered the Roaring Flame Beasts acted in the same manner . None of the temperament and politeness of nobles could be seen on them, and this made the king feel very uncomfortable; he felt like he was facing the spoiled brats of wealthy families in his previous life .

Fei frowned immediately .

He was already very disappointed by the nobles in Dual-Flags City, and he was too lazy to talk and reason with these idiotic pigs . He looked at the soldiers and said, “Making such noise and mess at the military camp…… According to the military law of Zenit, they should be executed on the spot,” after he said that, he walked away .

“What?”

The soldiers were shocked, and the young noblemen who were arrogant were stunned as well; they couldn’t even close their mouths . They looked at each other and hoped that they were hallucinating and were hearing things .

“Is this little commander crazy? Execution?” they thought .

“What are you guys waiting for? Kill!” Fei turned around and ordered again .

Although these soldiers were still a little shocked, they jumped at these noblemen and arrested them after they knew that the Legion Commander wasn’t joking; after all, the order of the Legion Commander should be obeyed all the time . Among these soldiers, some of them were Bylaw Enforcement Officers of Chambord, and they were already used to the king’s dominating ways .

The guards of these noblemen wanted to put up a fight, but they were no match for these elite soldiers who had been to battle and had killed enemies; soon, most of them were killed . When Fei heard the screams and the begs of these noblemen, he frowned a little . He suddenly thought of something and turned around as he said, “Keep one of them alive and send him back . ”

After that, he walked straight into the central tent .

The loud screams, begs, and swears sounded again, and the chopping noises soon followed .

Everything turned quiet after that .

“These stupid noblemen are obviously tricked by someone and dared to make a fuss at the military camp with so few guards . Aren’t they seeking their death? So the person behind all this is trying to test my limit? Hehe, I will let him see clearly! All these noblemen are corrupt and have a lot of dirty pasts . Doesn’t matter how many of them come here, I will kill them all!”

Fei sneered .

He was going to deal with these corrupt bugs-like noblemen sooner or later . He was able to wipe out all the corrupt and dirty noblemen in Chambord, and he had no issue doing it again here .

After this was done, Fei went back to thinking about that question from prior .

The king felt like he was becoming more calculative and crueler…… however, it seemed like that was the right thing to do . There was no way that he could behave like a Social Justice Warrior on this continent that was ruled by the Law of the Jungle; it was more impossible than communism on Earth .

As Fei was thinking about this, loud bulge noises suddenly sounded from afar . Then, shouting sounded . The ground started to shake as if a lot of elephants were running loose .

“Ding! Ding! Ding!”

The warning bells on the two gates of the city sounded, and the rapid and sharp warning noises resonated in the city .

“We are under siege! Shevchenko, Cech, Pierce, Drogba, Huerk! Kanort! You six go to the east gate! Saint Seiyas! Follow me to the west gate!”

Fei shouted as he dashed towards the west gate of the city; that gate was facing the most pressure .

The soldiers started to move . They all rushed towards the locations that they were assigned to, and the military machine began to react in an organized fashion . The civilians all looked up at that dashing figure in the sky with admiration . That warrior was where their hopes lied! He was like the pillar; as long as he was around, it seemed like Dual-Flags City would survive this siege!

“The mayor and the nobles listen up! As the No . 1 Commander of the Battle Zone and the Legion Commander of [Wolf Teeth Legion], I order you all being your private soldiers to the defense walls and help with the defense in 10 minutes! Anyone who disobey my order will be executed including their entire families!”

Fei’s loud voice sounded like a rumble of thunder .

Everyone in the city heard him, and they all looked at his direction in shock .

Fei got to the west gate in a few seconds .

After he took a good look at the enemies, he was quite shocked . Since the herald brigade of [Wolf Teeth Legion] got here, only about two hours passed by . However, it seemed like the reinforcement of Jax also got here; there were about 70,000 to 80,000 enemies .

The west gate of Dual-Flags City was facing the territory of Jax, and it was facing the most pressure .

Currently, a Sword and Shield Formation that had about 7,000 soldiers moved towards the west gate of Dual-Flags City . All these soldiers of Jax moved in unison as they marched forward slowly and steadily .

Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom!……

They knocked their shields with their swords, and the loud metal-colliding noises made the soldiers of Zenit anxious . In addition, the lights reflecting off of the blades of Jax gave the soldiers of Zenit a sense of death .

Not too far away, there were also soldiers of Jax moving siege ladders, [Siege Dragon Birds], and the huge catapults towards Dual-Flags City; these were the terrifying machines that would do real damage to Dual-Flags City .

Tap! Tap! Tap!

A series of footsteps sounded, and the team of Saint Seiyas soon arrived at the west side of the defense wall .

Fei looked back and saw the 30 Saint Seiyas; the rest of the herald brigade followed Shevchenko to the east gate .

There were about 10,000 soldiers of Zenit on the west side of the defense wall; after about two hours of rest, they were in better shapes . With blood on their bodies, they grasped their weapons tightly and waited for the upcoming battle .

A few commanders of these soldiers quickly walked up to Fei .

“Nice to meet you, Head Commander!” these dozen commanders saluted at Fei . Although Ribry was still severely injured and resting in the camp, these commanders still knew who Fei was .

“Eh, nice to meet you all . Let’s fight alongside each other!” Fei nodded and started to make a series of commands .

When he looked up, he saw a familiar figure on the hill that was the command center for Jax .

Prince Fairenton of Jax was a talented warrior . He was haughty and cold, and he was able to calm himself down after the loss and regain his confidence . That was how he was able to call the second round of siege so soon .

As if he sensed the stare from the defense wall, this haughty prince looked at Fei’s direction .

He also saw the person who defeated him with one strike .

After a moment of silence, this prince waved his hand .

“Kill! Kill! Kill! Kill! Kill!”

After seeing the order, tens of thousands of soldiers of Jax shouted and moved forward . The Swords and Shields Formation stopped 10 meters away from Zenit archers’ attack range, and 20 huge catapults that were 10 meters tall were placed behind this formation . Each of the catapults looked like a huge beast, and the soldiers who were operating them looked like ants .

Fei had studied these catapults before .

The technologies on this continent were quite advanced; the craftsmen were already able to create parts such as gears, bearings, and springs . These catapults utilized these technologies and were built with top-tier materials taken from the corpses of Demon Beasts, and they were able to throw huge pieces of rocks more than 1,000 meters away .

Under commands, the soldiers of Jax were already putting huge rocks onto the catapults and getting ready to fire; these soldiers had to be gifted with super-human strength or had to be Star-level Warriors in order to move the huge rocks, and they had to work together .

“Sir, should we initial [Earth’s Protection] Magic Array?” a commander asked Fei .

Fei already knew these loyal commanders who have followed Ribry for a long time now . The commander who asked Fei the question just now was named Fernando Gago; he was in his 20s, but he was really brave . He had the strength of Three-Star, and he was injured a lot in the last round of siege . One of his arms almost got chopped off, but he still decided to fight on the defense wall after the deep wounds on his body were bandaged up .



* * *





Disclaimer





There is no guarantee the translation is 100% correct.



* * *



ASIANOVEL.COM wishes to emphasize that this translation is for review purposes only. We do not claim this intellectual property or any rights whatsoever.



* * *



Under no circumstances would you be allowed to take this work for commercial activities or for personal gain. ASIANOVEL.COM does not and will not condone any activities of such, including but not limited to rent, sell, print, auction.





