The Amber Sword


TAS • 琥珀之剑





An RPG gamer who played the realistic VRMMORPG ‘The Amber Sword’ for years, finds himself teleported to a parallel world that resembled the game greatly. He takes on the body of an NPC who was fated to die, and with the feelings of the dying NPC and his own heartrending events in the game, he sets out to change the fate of a kingdom that was doomed to tragedy.



Author(s):Fei Yan, 绯炎

Artist(s): Sadon999

Year: 2010

Country: China

Genres:Action, Adventure, Comedy, Fantasy, Harem

Tags:Absent Parents, Accelerated Growth, Army, Beautiful Female Lead, Caring Protagonist, Charismatic Protagonist, Clever Protagonist, Conspiracies, Dragons, Eidetic Memory, Elves, Fantasy World, Game Elements, Kingdom Building, Leadership, Loyal Subordinates, Male Protagonist, Mature Protagonist, Medieval, Multiple POV, Nobles, Parallel Worlds, Romantic Subplot, Skill Assimilation, Strategic Battles, Strategist, Strong Love Interests, Sword And Magic, Sword Wielder, Transmigration, Transported into a Game World, Wars, Weak to Strong

Translator(s): WolfieTranslation



* * *



ASIANOVEL VERSION: 3.0

EPUB VERSION: 2.0

UUID: 05f932e0-1396-11e9-bbe2-ef9b338f6d32

USER: Waterlow27

DATE CREATED: 2019-01-08

LANGUAGE: English



* * *



More info and chapters: https://www.asianovel.com/series/the-amber-sword





Vol.1 Chapter 0




TL note: This chapter has not been checked for grammar errors. This is pretty a side-story that has close to 0 relationship in regards to the protagonist. This site is currently running on ads to pay for the webserver. If it’s not too much trouble, please disable your adblockers. Thank you very much.





Ch 0 Monologue

The militia’s non-commissioned officer did not lie to me. With the necessary experience it can save you at the critical juncture.

If it was not that month’s training, that seemingly unavoidable sword that lunged towards me during my deep sleep would have been fatal. My senses brought about something akin to a flash of electricity, which tore me away from the deep sleep that I was in.

What greeted me during the moment when I open my eyes, is the reflection of a sharp long sword which seemed to pierce my heart with a freezing chill.

It really makes my heart tremble!

To tell the truth, I do not know how I was able to react to that. Perhaps it was an instinct that was developed from the long training, and I twist my head to the sides at the last instant, and that sword stabs down and brushes past my ear.

I escape that in the nick of time.

Then I see the sword’s design embedded onto a metal plate amidst the shining light reflected from the sword; the black rose that bloomed furiously, which can only be from Brumand.

I pause for a while before recognizing it.

“Madara’s undead troops!”

It is as if a bucket of water was thrown onto me, and I completely sober up, fucking hell, why are these damn shit bastards appearing here?

I clearly remember I am taking my leave at the countryside Bucce. This land was left behind by my grandfather, and I received my old man’s permission, and stayed here to take care of this old house.

My mother was a Kadireig, and it is probably the only bloodline within my body that is close to nobility. On the other hand, my father was a traditional middle-aged ordinary miller, and he did not resemble my grandfather who participated in the famous November’s war and received the Candlelight emblem.

And I, am simply an ordinary youth who can be found anywhere within the kingdom. My biggest dream is to join the army or go out to adventure, and bring back great wealth.

Then perhaps at the end of things, I will find a beautiful wife to spend my life with, a perfect life indeed!

But I am digressing. Right beside my bed is a fearful undead trying to kill me, and it made my heart pulse with dread. Fortunately the things that my instructor taught me back in the days still remained in my mind, and are not forgotten because of my panicked thoughts. I recall in an instant that my sword is placed beside my bed, but that skeleton will surely not let me have the chance to take it. I realize now that this is a terrible habit, I must remember to put it below my pillow the next time.

These thoughts happen within moments.

I instinctively pounced towards the sides from the bed, and knocked that gleaming white skeleton onto the floor. Right now I remember my instructor every sentence from my first combat lesson:

“Remember, these soldiers from Madara’s lowest ranks, solely use the ‘soul’s flames’ to move. They are slow, lacking in intelligence and they are weak.”

But before I can recall everything, a huge force came from below, as if I am not restraining a skeleton but a bull. In any case, a force that was beyond me threw me towards the sides, where I end up knocking onto the shelves. I can hear the grating sound made from my bones and shelves that would have made people pale. The intense pain throughout my body makes me grind my teeth, but I quickly shake that my dizzy head as I still remember what I need to do. In my blurring vision, the skeleton has already gotten up and intends to pull the sword that he stuck in.

His movements are apparently very rigid, but his strength has nothing to do with the words “weak” right?

But I turn my body and prepare to run as that bastard has already pulled out the sword and become a dangerous existence again. And I know my strength is not his match, or perhaps even three of me would not even make him ‘sweat’ one bit.

And the most important thing is I have no weapon.

He is in between my sword and I. Of course, I do believe that this is just a coincidence as skeletons do not possess the intelligence.

I half crawled, half ran towards the door, but I am unable to restrain my voice when I approach near it.

“Fuck my luck!”

That is because the door is broken down before my eyes, and a ray of bright moonlight poured into the house. It is certainly a artistic, picturesque moment, if it is not shining upon another white skeleton.

I note that it is another lowly ranked Madara soldier, and in its hand is a firmly gripped steel longsword. On its bones is armor made in the style of Madara, and on top of that it was wearing a black and heavy helmet.

The most depressing thing, however, is the fact that it is using a pair of obsidian eye sockets with dancing red flaming pupils to look at me.

Apparently I have been locked on as its target.

In front of me is a tiger and at my back is a wolf. This is certainly a bad omen.

Respected holy mother Marsha, I am unable to help myself but pray to my goddess in my heart. I am only 19 years old, I cannot simply die a dog’s death in a poor rural village.

That’s right, I have not even confessed to the girl I liked! The moment I think about that bewitching young merchant girl, I feel my heart pounding even faster. Her home is just opposite to me, and I cannot let my heart’s beloved fall into danger.

I quickly calm myself, and try to think of a way to escape. As my thoughts spin quickly, the teachings of my instructor played out in my mind.

“You can fight battles only when you are calm!”

This way of thinking is certainly applicable to my situation, but my hands have no weapon! I can’t possibly fight a wild animal with my bare fists right? I pant as I anxiously stick my back to the wall while my eyes search desperately everywhere. Even though this old place is not a desolated hut, but the living room has nothing that can be used as a makeshift weapon.

If only my grandfather is a high ranked noble. I had visited Earl Remington’s home, and their living room was five times the size of this place, and there were many shields, swords and axes hung on the wall. If I am there, I can surely find a weapon that suits me.

Furthermore, my skill with the sword is not bad at all. I am not bragging about this, that old instructor personally commended me, and said I was the most outstanding out of that entire batch that time.

Even that bugger from Remington is not my match at all, although I’m envious of him to have a father who is a prefect. If my father is also a prefect, I am definitely able to enter the garrison forces.

It is certainly pointless to talk about these though. In any case my sword is not reachable thanks to that skeleton. Even though they cannot run and move rigidly, their speed is equivalent to a grown man.

If this happens on the training grounds I bet I can toy with them easily, but in this narrow space I’m going to get cut down.

As I mope around, the skeleton in my bedroom walks out, pauses for a while, then quickly walk towards me. I subconsciously step backwards, and strike against something hard.

I quickly figure out that it should be a painting that is behind my back. This painting is passed down from my grandfather’s generation, and it is a family heirloom. That cripple in the Black Pepper Street once wanted to buy that painting with ten gold coins, but it was rejected by my father.

My father is a stubborn man, but I am not the same like him. I had frequently thought about selling this painting if I reached my lowest point, buy a pretty horse, and go adventuring in the capital with that girl with a merchant’s dream. If only I am not facing an event like this right now.

I have reached the end of the line, this family heirloom is going to save me right now. I turn around and tore the painting with its wooden frame down. I can hardly care if I am going to ruin it even if it is worth at least ten gold coins. I suspect it is worth even more, as that cripple in the Black Pepper Street is reputed to be stingy.

Ten gold coins is a lot of money, the largest sum of money I have seen is only ten silver coins.

I cannot help but draw a deep breath, my hands are shivering like crazy. I prepare myself to throw the painting at that frightening undead, and slip by it while it defends itself. I will get the sword next and smash these two skeletons to bits with my sword skills.

Of course I can also use it as distraction and run to the streets. But I have no guarantee that the outside is not crawling with this damn shit. Dashing outside empty handed is completely asking to be killed. So I steeled my heart and find it is sometimes better to be braver.

Even though this is the more ideal outcome, perhaps it did not care at all and just eviscerates me, and I can go meet Mother Marsha soon enough.

I cannot help but think whether they will give me a plague,

“Poor Brandel, he is so dead wrong.”

I shiver and shake my head to get rid of this horrifying thought. Cough cough cough, I am not going to die like this.

I glance at the gray looking painting in my hands, seriously, is this worth ten gold pieces? I wonder if that cripple will find it a pity if I throw this out?

That frightening undead is already before me, and I did not have the time to regret over the loss of ten gold pieces and the chance to adventure with the merchant girl. I have thrown at it without thinking.





My throw is strangely accurate, the painting flies towards the skeleton in a straight line. Damn, that stupid bastard really raised its sword and strike that down. That grey painting went with a ‘pssszzt’ and split into two.

What kind of ridiculous strength?! But the instructor did not lie, these skeletons are certainly lacking in intelligence.

While my mind comments on the resulting events, I have already rushed out.

My bedroom is not far now, thank Mother Marsha, I only need to take a few more steps to be able to see my sort peacefully lying there. That sword is also a family heirloom. My grandfather took it to battle, and it was said that he was a squire to a knight who presented the sword to him.

This sword should be from Year 32. It has the emblem design of ivy on it, to commemorate the victory at the highland fight in Grinoires.

That year, his majesty changed the knights’ longswords’ form, from two arms length to one and a half, and the armguard’s bronze accessory was changed to common iron with ornamental designs. This was done in order to adjust to the cost of ‘November War’ which was dragging on.

Indeed, this is a knight’s sword. Hmph, just wait till I get that sword.

“You fucking Madara shit bastards, you’re going to suffer now.”





Notes: Ch 0 is Brendel’s pov. I think he dies, actually.



* * *





Vol.1 Chapter 1




TL notice: Patreon is currently paused as of March 2018. I will be looking for a full-time job these few months.



Volume 1 – War of the black rose

TL warning (updated 07/05/2017): This series will contain profanities.

Also if you’re a new reader, take note that the protagonist is named “Su Fei”, and the English equivalent is Sophie. There has been indications of the in-text characters stating the protagonist’s taken name to sound like “a female’s name” later on. I had originally planned to reveal the Chinese name only when the protagonist revealed it himself, but there has been more than a few complaints about having the protagonist having a girl’s name, so I’ll put it here in advance to warn you.

In a recent poll as of the update, 35% of the Yay(change the damned name) did not beat the 45% Nay, while the remainder said I don’t know, in regards to changing the protagonist’s localized name of Su Fei. Given that the protagonist takes on a masculine name quickly, I have decided to leave it as it is.

Just a warning.

Tags =

() – Usually denotes further explanation from either the author or myself.

[] – Denotes characters’ inner thoughts

“” – Speech

‘ ‘ – This might be antiquated terminology. Special terms like ‘druids’, ‘elves’ would be capitalized instead. I.E, Druids, Elves.

[Read more…]

Ch 1 – The person in the dream

“Warning: Severe hemorrhaging, Imminent death.”

“Warning: Heart function is deteriorating, Imminent death.”

When Sophie woke up, his mind was still reverberating with the loud warning sounds after that dire battle. It was a piercing sound that cut across his mind over and over like a dull knife, causing him to have a splitting headache.

He remembered he was supposed to be in a game with his friends from ‘The Godly Force’ defending the Orrgesh mountainous region against Madara’s undead army. The ashen skies were howling with freezing winds, and countless Shadow Creatures streamed down from the dagger-like mountain peaks. The enemy forces were without end in sight like black tidal waves pouring in, comprising of thousands of skeletons with necromancers hidden amongst them, while bone dragons and blood-curling wraiths circled in the sky.

Surrounded on all fronts, they were definitely doomed in that battle.

[This bunch of bastards from ‘The Flaming Thorns’. Putting your shitty incompetence aside, you fucking idiots actually managed to drag our allies down by allowing the enemies to surround them.]

His first reaction was to curse in his mind.

He then finally had the heart to check his status by the Game System. It was a delightful surprise to find that he did not die, as Madara’s army tended not to leave anyone alive. But he immediately creased his forehead. His injuries were a little too ridiculous. Not only did his heart was dealt a fatal blow, he even had carrion poisoning.

[Wait, carrion poisoning? Did I not complete the mission to gain the ‘Pristine Physique’? Why would a body with the ‘Silver Bloodline’ get affected by this low grade dark status? A Bug? What the heck are you doing, devs?]

He did not have too much time to question this thought, the youth coughed weakly and lifted himself up from the dirty floor matted with dust. He thought that it was a small matter to be afflicted from the Weakened status, and it was enough to find a priest to get rid of it. The urgent thing was to stop the bleeding before he died.

Even though he was not an elite pro-gamer, he was certainly an experienced veteran and he understood the situation quickly just by checking him own body with a glance, even without relying on the Game System.

Sophie groaned once, and pulled off the skeleton which only had half of its body left. It had been pinning him down, even though these low level soldiers had about the same presence as thin air to him.

[Come to think of it, this is already the forty-fourth year into the second Era, and Madara is still conjuring up these low leveled grunts? What use do these skeletons have other than to waste Soul Energy? Just as expected of the undead wizards’ brains from Ogador, their minds are affected by the negative energy and have been rotted away. None of them know what the word change is.]

He even had the mood to complain, but he realized in an instant he actually had trouble pushing the skeleton away. Just as expected, the punishment from having a Weakened status was nothing to sneeze at; he was able to easily push away a bone dragon with his bare hands during normal times.

Sophie cast his mind back to when he nearly died with such an affliction.

[When was it? Around a few months ago. ‘The Godly Force’ guild’s battle prowess is nothing to laugh at. If it was not for the useless bunch of gamers from ‘The Flaming Thorns’, I would have probably continued to keep my undying record. ]

Once he thought about this point, the youth could not help but feel waves of depression. The Holy Church Alliance’s epic failure would certainly bring up a lively discussion on the forums. He groped around for his bag but he could not find it at all.

“This bunch of Madara thieves!”

He could certainly curse at them all he wanted to, but he still needed to find a way to stop the bleeding. At this time a healing potion would be the best, and if that was not possible a bandage would also suffice.

[There shouldn’t be any problems finding something like that in the battlefield. Why is this place so dark……?]

Normally the bags from grunts doing the thankless tanking were left alone. The stuff inside them are mostly healing pots and bandages, especially bandages. He even saw a noob carrying a bag full of bandages, and he laughed as he recalled that sight.

[What a joke, do you really think if you carried bandages you’re going to be saved from death?]

He subconsciously prepared to climb up, but he was stunned when he turned his body around towards the dim light in the area.

[Wait, is this the Orrgesh mountain region?]

He should have seen the scenery of dystopia before his eyes; White naked spikes that should have jutted out from the steep slopes, littered with corpses and vultures flying all over the battlefield, the broken Grays flag with a bright cross fluttering on the hilltop.

But this was not what he saw.

There was no ear-piercing northern wind blowing through the Orrgesh region, no wraiths flying across the silent shadows, not even the dry, bone-chilling air.

It was like a hallucination when he still believed he was in Orrgesh, and when it vanished, he came to realize he was sprawling on the floors of a quiet and broken old house. The smooth wooden planks were nailed in onto the ground, and there was an eye-catching pool of dark red liquid……

He could not help but paused there before touching his chest subconsciously. A series of penetrating pain interrupted his actions and he yelled loudly with his teeth bared. This blood was from him, this injury was also on him…..

[Where am I? What is this pain! Is the VR machine spoiled?]

He felt the house was slightly familiar to him. On the first floor was the living room and kitchen, and on the second was the corridor leading to the various bedrooms. The cellar was in the basement.

Yes, this was the building design in the Aouine’s southern region, and even though this house was a little old, it was not something a commoner can afford to live in. One could guess that the former owner of this house had some form of status.

Aouine’s southern region. Sophie went into a trance as he tried recalling memories that were buried long ago. Gesund’s mountains and the melodious flutes from Bucce’s bordering towns were like a distant dream.

[But the lands have already been taken over by Madara…]

In his memory, the Aouine kingdom had long perished, indeed, it was during the third Black rose war.

“Why am I back in this place!”

“Wait…..”

“Bucce……. Bucce……” Sophie repeated this name.

[What are these… new memories……]

He remembered.

‘His’ name was Brendel and born in Bruglas. His blood was half Kadireig which came from his mother, but he was not considered a noble even though he had his mother’s noble blood. That was because his father was a commoner. Even though his grandfather participated in the November War and received the Candlelight Emblem, ultimately it was just a household with a single knight which had lost its luster.

[No! What the hell are all these crazy settings? I’m not Brendel!]

Sophie’s heart raised a series of alarms but a voice subconsciously came out and immediately sobered him.

“I am Sophie, and am also Brendel.”

A cold dread immediately washed over Sophie’s spine. He held his breath as he found there was a little something extra in his memories. Brendel’s memories were poured into his mind like a torrent; a stranger had intruded his very self by force without his permission.

Sophie’s breaths were rapid gasps and his pupils widened in shock. He quickly remembered that hopeless sword swinging from that frightening skeleton. He tried to shrug off that scene, but as his memories piled up he got mentally exhausted instead. His mind throbbed painfully and his forehead was full of perspiration.

“Hah.” He suddenly recalled the event of the big battle in Orrgesh. The Grays Church knights fought a fierce battle against Madara who surrounded them and pushed them to the brink of despair. He remembered that ‘his character’ was killed by a necromancer.

After that green light swept over him, the world turned to darkness…..

That was how the game was supposed to be set up. The death would persist for twelve hours.

[Can someone explain to me why a normal death in the game lead me to here?]

[…… To this world?]

His mind was a scattering mess. If there was a word to describe his current train of thought, it would be ‘ridiculous’.

[Ridiculous!]

He understood what happened to him. He got teleported to another world!

His soul crossed over to his world onto a dead person called Brendel!

No, more accurately it should be combined into one…

Sophie grabbed onto the floor planks tightly. His fingers’ joints were a little numb. He looked at his own arms. They were a little long and there was signs of malaise from his pale skin. Even though he was prepared for it, he could not resist a jump in his heart. His skin should be a healthy beige color descended from the Mongolians and not something so pale!

His heart raced as he became flabbergasted. Even though he had the entire nineteen years of the former owner’s memories, it could be said he did not know anything about what he was experiencing right now.

He felt what the youth Brendel had in his life.

His aspirations, his desires, what he loved as well as what he hated.

It was like he had just been reborn and lived nineteen years. His everything was like Sophie’s everything, as if it they were one and the same. These two very long dreams that merged with each other made him felt lost.

“I am Sophie.”

“But I am also Brendel.”

A sense of sluggish exhaustion gushed out from Sophie’s innermost heart, and covered his entire body in an instant. In the end, he gave a long sigh and calmed down after a respite.

[Forget it, I should just let it slide since there’s no way I can change things.]

Sophie could not resist shaking his head, and looked at his arm:

“He had the nerve to claim he was number one in swordsmanship with such meager abilities,…..” He could not help but mock himself when he thought of Brendel. Unexpectedly he felt a scintilla of relief.

Sophie became dazed as he remembered a certain event.

This was the ‘Year of the Bustling Summer Leaves and Flowers’, and also known the opening year of the First Black Rose War. In this war Aouine’s borders were completely decimated, but that was also the era where a new renaissance happened.

His first choice was the Aouine kingdom when he first played this game. He was a complete newbie who grew in such a war and experienced the devastation firsthand.

The curtains of the game were raised thanks to the start of this war and accompanied by Aouine’s one-sided defeat. The situation was only reversed only when the Bruglas army arrived to defend the borders. Sophie’s memory of that dire battle was deeply engraved. He had followed the defensive forces into battle and the survivors were less than one out of ten.

He was mostly an average man in his past life, and Brendel was no better.

Brendel’s skills with the swords were literally pointless. The sudden assault from Madara was something out from a classical textbook. Swift, merciless and silent, and when this ancient kingdom reacted from it, the entire army within this region experienced a cataclysm. He must have encountered the Madara’s scouts on this very day.





Sophie suddenly felt an alarming chill climbing his spine again.

He immediately understood that he needed to save himself by finding something to stop the bleeding. The youth struggled towards the empty side corridor. As he examined the design of this house, it resonated with his imagination. He was well acquainted with the building design precisely because he had the most unforgettable time spent here. He shook his head to get rid of this nostalgia.

[Now is not the time to think about this! I need to stop the bleeding right now!]



* * *





Vol.1 Chapter 2




TL: Edited 07/05/2017. This chapter has been gone through the first round of checks for errors.

Chapter 2 – Sophie’s world

Even though the house was old it appeared immaculate. The former owner had cleaned it very well.

Sophie raised his head to look at the half-skeleton that he pushed away earlier. A pile of broken bones sat there quietly. Brendel’s counter attack before his death resulted in the only casualty amongst the undead scouts. These skeleton scouts lacked intelligence but the necromancer controlling them did not. Defeating this skeleton probably made the necromancer investigate the area personally. This mistake could hardly be attributed to the youth’s fault because he would not know about this fact.

During this peaceful era, there were not many who knew about this.

A painting which was sliced apart laid flatly on the floor. The skeleton’s soldier’s cold sword was not far away. Sophie’s pupils dilated slightly. Madara’s troops most likely intended to attack straight after the scouts retreated as they did not even bother to pack the place up to hide their presence.

But this certainly conformed to Sophie’s memory about the War of the Black Rose.

“Hmm?”





Sophie raised his eyebrow a little. His gaze laid about the sliced painting. His eyes were not mistaken, there was a hidden layer under the painting frame’s surface.

[Wait, an oil painting? Perhaps this is the famous painting of Bucce?]

Sophie suddenly remembered a particular event in the game.

He immediately struggled over to it with strenuous effort and vigilantly kept his ears open at the same time. Sophie knew that the necromancer that killed Brendel was of the lowest level, but even then it was more then enough to kill a normal person with ease.

The low level necromancers were able to use the novice ranks of Black Magic within the game, capable of conjuring up ghouls and skeletons in the nearby cemetery. They were naturally crafty and experienced in sneak attacks. They were a big threat to people who did not understand them.

Sophie was different because he probably understood them more than they understood themselves.

He laid on the ground and tore the painting frame open. A clink rang out as a ring rolled onto the ground. At this time he could not help but take in a breath lightly. The design of the ring was all too familiar to him. It was made of silver and shaped into a looping spiral with a Holy Phoenix symbol on the center of it.

It glimmered slightly in the dark. Such a design was rarely seen in the Aouine southern region.

This was the northern Sanorso’s national emblem.

Sophie carefully rubbed the ring. This was the famous Ring of the Wind Empress, a mission reward for the ‘Bucce’s oil painting’ in the game, but it vanished when the next patch came. Ultimately the people who knew and completed this mission were close to none.

Sophie was not one of them. He only heard of this tale before. In the legend, this was a fake keepsake belonging to one of the four saint, Delutte.

[According to Brendel’s memories this belonged to his grandfather. Who exactly is that man?]

The Ring of the Wind Empress’s effect was Agility+1, and it could expend the energy within to launch a wind bullet to strike at the enemies in front. In the game it was able to absorb 1 OZ energy every ten minutes, but he did not know if there was any difference here.

He gazed at it and his heart raced for a moment, and even forgot about the dangers of his surroundings. The ring’s appearance had partially answered his guess. This world was probably the same world he was familiar with in the game.





Sophie exhaled without being able to suppress himself. His current mood were swayed from the succession of events, but his hesitation was short and he slowly put it on his forefinger. Magic rings only worked when worn on the forefinger or thumb. In the game, the region between the thumb and forefinger were called by the Talan witches as ‘The Domain of Sacred Mystery’. They believed that it was where mana was gathered in the human body, and many gestures were evolved from that starting point.

Naturally, it was just trivia that he adopted as role-playing.

He was about to test the effects of the ring, when a large crashing sound in the first floor transmitted over and made him turned his head around abruptly.

He was startled and immediately became alert. It was possible that an undead had made the noise, and even if it was not, there was the possibility where it alerted the enemies outside. He quickly threw down the painting in his hands and retreated against the wall by instinct. He made his way out to the door and carefully gazed into the living room below.

He instantly saw a suspicious figure.

It was a young girl wearing a simple leather dress who carefully entered the building. She looked around to her left and right, but despite her tense appearance she did not pay attention to what was above her. She was tightly gripping a hammer used for masonry with difficulty. She seemed to be searching for something.

Sophie sighed.

He coughed. It was not loud but in this empty house it resounded a few times.

The girl was evidently startled and raised her head in alarm, her face awfully pale. In his mind, the young girl before him was considered a beauty. Her chestnut hair was bundled up in a dignified fashion, but her silky smooth forehead along with thin long eyes made her look enchanting. Her eyebrows were slightly raised; her eyes were clear but bewildered with a pointed and straight nose. One look at her let him knew she had a fiercely independent personality.

She had a special quality about her but he definitely could not view her as a lady or someone from an aristocrat’s family. She was slightly hunched over like a sneaky person with her tightly gripped hammer, while she carried a cowskin bag around her waist like a merchant.

The young girl quickly saw Sophie and relaxed instead. She let out a long breath and patted her chest, and displayed a beautiful smile: “So it’s just you Brendel, you scared me.”

“…… Miss Romaine, how did you enter my house?” Sophie felt a headache coming up when he saw her.

This person in front of him was a girl that the dead Brendel had always adored. She and her aunt lived in the opposite house, and she usually had some quaint aspirations. For example, she wanted to go out outside of Bucce to become a traveling merchant.

Sophie thought her view did not make any sense. A traveling merchant in Aouine was not a respectable job; some of the citizens in the continent grouped them together with conmen and thieves.

During King Ansen’s era, there was a period where these people collaborated together to swindle people and were greatly despised, and came to be known as ‘People who have two mouths and three hands.’

The two mouths meant they were glib and excelled in deceiving people. The three hands meant they did not kept their hands to themselves, often stealing and doing despicable things. They could be said to be one of the biggest great threat to public order. when Sophie was a newbie back in the game, eight out of ten missions available were about them.

“I climbed into the house from your kitchen window, and it’s just too small! It nearly tore my dress.” The young girl complained as she bent her waist down to fix the corners of her dress.

“Nobody gave you the permission to come in from that window!” With the inheritance of Brendel’s memory, Sophie had a certain immunity to this girl’s personality, but he could not help but grumble in his heart.

“Never mind,” He shook his head: “Just what are you doing here in the middle of the night?”

“I’m worried about you, Brendel,” Romaine answered while she looked around, her expression incredibly curious: “You did see it right, a skeleton walking about?”

[She noticed the skeleton as well?]

Sophie suddenly realized the girl’s eyes were on his chest.





“You’re injured?” The future merchant girl titled her head and blinked.

“Yeah…..”

“Let me see that,” She grabbed her dress, ran up the stairs noisily, and clawed at the youth’s right hand pressing against the injury, “Come on, take your hand away, what are you covering it for, your wounds will get infected!” She grumbled, and peered at his wound.

She drew a sharp breath and raised her head: “This is such a terrible wound!”

Sophie felt the girl’s cold hand grabbing his own and his heart skipped a beat. Even though he knew this belonged to Brendel’s feelings he did not make an effort to stop it.

“It’s fine…..”

“Fine—, are you mad!?” The merchant girl gave him a look of reproach, then she dug into the cowskin bag hanging on her leather dress: “Just wait a little, I think I brought bandages….”

Sophie looked at her with interest.

He knew that the things in her bag were what she considered her precious treasures. Over half of them were strange objects. Seashells from the seaside, glass marbles of different colors, a bronze whistle, old coins from the ancient past, and various other items. Most of them are not worth any money, but they were rarely seen in this region.

Her biggest interest was to rummage through a pile of old stuff in a shop. Even though the two of them did not have a lot of money to speak off, she always managed to buy cheap and rare things that she loved when they combined their money together.

He held Romaine’s hand and shook his head: “Let’s go into the room and search for the bandages, it’s too dangerous out here.”

“I’m not afraid of these pile of walking bones,” She glanced up at him when she finally found a first aid box: “Do you know how to bandage yourself? I don’t know how to do it.”

Sophie opened the box, retrieved the bandages and hemostatic cotton, then paused in confusion for a while. He originally planned to find these emergency supplies, but his consciousness still treated this world like a game.

Once he applied the bandages in the game, it would automatically stop the bleeding and replenish his blood, but he suddenly realized doing it here in the real world actually required professional knowledge. He could not possibly just randomly go round his injury with the bandages a few times right?

“Brendel, do you want me to try?” She looked like she was about to lunge at him.

“Nope.” Sophie quickly rejected her. Even if he had nine lives to spare he would not waste it away.

He thought the last resort was better than Romaine’s meddling. The Virtual Reality game appeared to have based itself on the real thing, perhaps it would work in real life as well? If he simply died there, then he would just blame the gods for this crazy turn of events.

He took off his shirt and bit one end of the bandages, then wrapped the bandages from the side across the injury a few times. He was a veteran at doing this inside the game and he did not fumble here.

He carefully avoided to tie the ends too tightly and was ready to finish the last touches, but he promptly stopped.

He saw a light green number, +1, slowly floating up from his injury.

At that moment it was like a bomb had suddenly blasted in his mind and rang in his ears. He could not remember what he was doing for a moment, but he immediately regained his senses and yelled repeatedly in his mind: “Stats Window! Stats! Appear!”

He waited with a heart filled with expectations and dread, and after a second, a series of data appeared and floated on his arms, legs, joints, torso and his heart.





Strength 1.0, Agility 2.0 , Physique 0.9

Then another set of data appeared in his eyes out of nowhere:

Intelligence 1.1, Will 1.3, Perception 1.0

Overall power rating 1.0, Element (Sealed)

These set of data and lines of words were like a waterfall gushing out and poured forth onto a translucent window panel:

Brendel (Level 1 Human male NPC, Strength-type: Physical, Close combat)

XP: 1 (Commoner level 1 —-, Civilian soldier level 1)

Lifeforce (Weakened): 60% remaining (Bandaged Status, 1 Health point will be recovered every day)

Skills

Commoner [Basic knowledge (Level 1), Geography Knowledge (Level 0), Local knowledge (Level 1)]

Civilian Soldier [Military Swordsmanship (Level 1), Grappling techniques (Level 1), Tactical Theory (Level 0), Military Organization (Level 0)]

[J-Just like I thought!]

Sophie thought the feelings of a normal person who just scored five million dollars would probably react the same way like he did.

Was this a dream?

No, he knew that a person within a dream would not be unlikely to think so logically, and even fewer would even think they were in such a dream.

Then was he still in the game?

[No, the current year in the game was the 2nd era of the 44th year.]

The young man felt his mind was in a fine mess. All the strange thoughts sprang out in a rush and made him felt a little giddy. But Sophie shook his head and understood that it was reality.

[Mother Marsha, do you exist here?]

Sophie could not help but prayed in his heart to the ultimate goddess in this world for some answers.



* * *





Vol.1 Chapter 3




TL: Edited 07/05/2017. This chapter has been gone through the first round of checks for errors.



“Brendel, Brendel?”

Romaine poked his arm at his side while Sophie was apparently engrossed in checking out his stats.

[Only 1.0 OZ in strength? Even a skeleton has 1.5 OZ worth of strength!]





He could not resist cursing this NPC’s uselessness.

All the representation units for the stats were in OZ, the simplification for the ancient word Oauth, also known as Energy Level. 1 OZ in strength would allow one to raise about 50 KG worth of weight and the punching strength will not surpass 150 KG. This was roughly the equivalent of an adult’s strength.

Even the players’ basic stats in the game were 2 OZ in Strength, Agility and Physique, while Intelligence, Will and Perception were 1.5 OZ. They were about two times the stats of a normal person, and the Overall Power Rating was 5 which meant that they would have no problems facing off against 5 normal people. (TL: Science weeps over your logic there…)

Brendel was part of Aouine’s militia force who trained for several months. Even if the players had the ‘Hero’ stats it would not be at the point where the stats are this so far apart right?

Sophie had mocked the players’ titles as ‘Heroes’ for only having the combat strength of two skeletons. But when he switched to Brendel’s point of view, he realized that the players were really the main characters molded in the hero form. It was quite ridiculous.

He fell into a state of sadness when he thought about how he was not able to even beat a skeleton.

Brendel stroked his arm but the faint green numbers still remained in his retinas. He discovered there was still a difference from this world and the world that he knew. In the game a bandage would restore 1 HP per minute, and the civilian’s 6 HP would only require six minutes to be replenished like before but it needed a few days here.

This was a bad sign.

Fortunately the method to use the skill sets were one and the same. If he thought about the ‘Basic Knowledge’ skill, it would bring up the common things regarding this world. If he thought about the ‘Military Organization’ he was able to gather information about Aouine’s army structure.

Even though there was also some slight differences, the information seemed to directly exist inside his real memories and not from a system. For example, his skills in the sword. He could clearly feel that his existing techniques were accumulated from several months of training. The form on where to strike, the position to place his body weight in, where his eyes should look at, and how to perform feints and strikes based on the enemies’ own form.

The game would display the approximate paths as to where the sword should be swung at, and automatically aided and corrected the angle. But in this world, it was sufficient if he possessed the skill sets as he was automatically able to utilize them subconsciously.





Even though the veteran gamers have their own insight to attacking, they still needed the system, so you would not be able to find these gamers to suddenly become a swordsman or martial artist. The reverse was mostly true, however. Real life fighters truly had a much easier time in the game with very few exceptions.

There were some things that had no shortcuts.

Sophie felt the sensations in his hands. The feeling that he possessed the skill sets were much more fascinating compared to the rigid feelings within the game. Everything in Brendel’s memories felt like a natural part of himself and were not just mere ‘skills’, and combined with what Sophie had learned in the past world.

Of course while he was thinking all of the above, he still reacted quickly and was alert when Romaine poked his arm. His ears shook slightly as he heard some faint noises coming outside the house.

“Brendel, you heard that?” She went behind his back and whispered.

He nodded. There were footsteps making clacking noises and there were quite a number of the noises. His heart made a loud thump as he immediately figured out that the vanguard of Madara’s huge army had arrived. He made a noiseless gesture and pulled her to escape from the back without delay.

The vanguard came earlier than expected. Right at this moment the rural areas of Grinoires were still in sleeping deeply in their sweet dreams, and no one expected the disaster which was going to rain down.

Except for these two.

The urgency from the impending countdown made him frown deeply. He brought her to the southern guest room of the corridor and shut it lightly. They made muffled coughs as the dust was everywhere. The room had not been used for a very long time but he knew the window led to the outside, and allowed him to oversee everything outside of the manor.

This manor belonged to Brendel’s grandfather, and it sat on a hilltop not far away from Bucce and was able to oversee the entire village from below. It was like a mini town with originally six families and all of them moved away, with the exception of only Romaine and her aunt who remained behind.

He walked over to the window, lightly wiped away the dust and raised the curtains.





“You actually know where these things come from right?” She withdrew her hand from his pull without trouble and asked in curiosity.

“…… This is Madara’s undead army. A war is coming.” He answered as he carefully inspected the area outside the house, taking care to hide behind the curtains.

It was indeed Madara’s vanguard. He drew a light breath as he counted three squadrons of skeleton troops in the center of the manor’s estate, a total of forty-five skeletons. A bunch of red light was dancing in the darkness. On the side were three necromancers controlling the low level undead. They were of a classic design; skeletons wearing long robes, their hands holding on to bone staffs, with green fiery eyes darting about as they inspected the low level skeleton soldiers.

The young girl gasped quietly in the dark when she saw the number of skeletons.

“Where’s aunt Jennie?” He said.

“She went to a nearby town, and will only be back a week later.” She replied.

Sophie turned his head to glance at her. He only saw a pair of gleaming eyes filled with a strange excitement.

“Are you not scared?” He blurted out.

“I don’t know,” She replied in a whisper, and raised her head: “But my heart is pounding, like it’s really excited.”

Sophie went speechless. Looks like there was quite a difference between this girl and a normal person.

[Some people are made out to be adventurers from their births, perhaps this girl is someone like that—]

He pretended that he did not hear any of it and gazed outside the window again. The necromancer had not paid attention to their building yet, and Sophie was able to continue observing them without any worries.

[There are more shadows flickering across the forest. It seems like there are even more enemies out there.]

He roughly estimated the initial force was slightly over a hundred. This was not a small number, and with such a force there must be an undead Acolyte Wizard commanding in the shadows. It was the worst news possible to him.

In the game, an undead acolyte wizard was roughly equivalent to a level 10 player. Even if it fought alone against seven or eight well trained male adults, be it militia or the army, they would not the match for it. Romaine and himself were only two and their foe even had a large army behind him.

Sophie tapped his finger on the window impatiently.

The guards from Bucce would need at least 5 minutes to reach this place. If they encountered the enemies they would have to hold on for at least this duration, with the assumption that these guards even discovered the attack in the first place.

[How can we alert them to this invasion? The best way is to set a fire. If the flames were bright enough, the smoke and light in the darkness would warn the guards. But it’s also a problem if we are going to set a fire.]

He felt a little vexed.

“Brendel? Are we going to die?” She suddenly asked.

“Uncertain.” Came his reply.

The dark room fell into a deep silence.

In this deep darkness, a ray of moonlight streamed inside from the corner of the window and created a small silver colored path.

After pondering for a few moments and just before he was about to set down the curtains down to calm down and think of a way to escape, he heard a conversation from the outside.

“Where is that body of that pitiful worm, bring him out and let me take a look. Didn’t the report stated there were only two women residing here?”

This first voice sounded like it came from a young man; his tone was cold and sharp.

The second voice sounded raspy and old as though dried firewood was cracking.

“He was merely an unfortunate fool, my master.”

Apprehension struck at Sophie’s heart and he peered outside again, quickly discovering the voices to come from under a nearby tree’s shadow. Over there, a figure wearing a broad black robe was talking to his Necromancer subordinates.





Sophie’s eyes quickly cast his eyes on his sleeves, and faintly saw a greyish-white bone insignia. This proved that he was an undead Acolyte Wizard.

His guess was not wrong.

“…… Know this, I don’t need your opinions. All you need to do is to obey my orders.” The robed wizard suddenly stopped and raised his head to the Sophie’s direction.

Sophie’s heart pulsed with dread and immediately let go of the curtains.

[Damn it!]

He still thought he was a veteran warrior with 130 levels and had completely forgot that the enemy’s Perception was many times higher than his stealth skills.

Even though he was not immediately discovered he must have raised the enemy’s suspicions.

Just as he had expected that figure outside said: “That’s enough talking. Quickly carry out my orders. I feel that there is someone alive in this house. All of you had better search this place carefully, I have a suspicion that our plans have been discovered by the people here.”

This was the end of things. If they discovered Brendel’s ‘corpse’ had disappeared they would immediately act upon it. Sophie’s mind spun quickly. His immediate thought was the kitchen’s back door, but the Grinoires’s region was mostly a farmland and there was no place to hide in the open.

There was a small forest at the bottom of the hill but there were at least a hundred meters of uncovered ground.

[What should I do?!]

“Brendel?” The girl queried him with her eyes.

“Come with me.” Sophie gritted his teeth. (TL: If you want to live! Lulz.)

[One step at a time there’s no choice to it.]

He ran and opened the door, immediately discovering a necromancer and two skeletons entering the house from the entrance. The necromancer that wore a long robe swiftly raised the bone wand when it saw Romaine and him.

But Sophie’s reaction was faster and he had no hesitation in raising in his right hand. He pointed his forefinger and aimed at the undead monster.

“Oss!”

He prayed for the ring to work and it answered his prayers with a slight warmth; the air in front of him expanded violently with a loud bang!

It was as a hurricane had swept across the house, and caused the necromancer with the two skeletons with it and the entire front building to explode in a fury. Countless splinters and pebbles along with bone debris were hurled outside, and rained down onto the ground like countless butterflies dancing in the air.

The instant the explosion happened, five golden colored orbs flew respectively from the necromancer and skeletons’ bodies and dissolved in Sophie’s chest. Everything happened in the blink of an eye and the youth did not even realize that fact himself.

Even after the explosive wind ended, the ground was left with the evidence of a colossal aftereffect of something firing from within.

After everything fell to a silent still, Sophie showed an expression of utter shock. In the game it was 30 Wind Damage, and certainly more than enough to kill a lower rank necromancer and the skeletons, but was the effect this exaggerated?

Although there was a gaping hole in this building left behind by his grandfather, he did not think twice about it and immediately promptly turned around and ran.

“Brendel, you’re a wizard!” Romaine exclaimed behind his back.

“No, I’ll explain to you later.” He took a deep breath, pulled her and rushed down the stairs to head towards the kitchen. He needed to reach there before the enemies reacted.

“Wait, Brendel, I can’t catch up with you…..”

“Careful, we’re moving down the stairs—”

“Ah!”

The sudden explosion had caused the skeletons to turn their heads, but they lacked the intelligence to comprehend things and only reacted to the noise. Thus they still waited at the same spot and waited for the necromancers to give the orders.

The necromancers’ green flaming pupils flared up, and they raised their bone wands with embers forming at the tips.

“Don’t use fire, you bloody fools!” The black robed wizard pushed their bone wands down and rebuked them loudly. The explosion had most likely incurred the attention of Bucce’s citizens. If there was a fire it would send a clear warning to them.

He immediately turned back and pointed at the house: “Soldiers, catch those two bastards!”

The sounds of swords flourishing echoed out as the soldiers drew out their swords together as they rushed inside.

Sophie had already dashed down to the bottom of the steps but he saw waves of skeletons rushing towards him when he raised his head. Uncountable red lights flickered in the darkness and he felt goosebumps crawling all over his skins. He was not a veteran soldier with hundred of levels any longer, and the ring on his finger was still in the recharging mode. He could only braced himself as to what would come next.

Once the skeletons caught up with him, he would most likely become minced meat from being hacked by their swords…….

[Fuck! They’re fast!] Sophie felt helpless upon seeing this situation.

His injury in his chest hurt terribly, but he still managed to reach the cellar in the basement before the skeleton soldiers caught up and closed the door behind him. Before he could even relax, multiple swords immediately stabbed into the door.

Fortunately he withdrew his hand quickly, otherwise he would have been pinned through the door.

“This is too close for comfort!” Sophie’s heart raced quickly. Although at the other end of the cellar was the exit he was looking for, he knew he needed to find a way to warn Bucce. This was the only way to save their lives, or at least the only solution he could think of.

[Fire can also be used to repel the low level undead.]

“Brendel?” The merchant girl panted heavily with her waist bent. She could not help but raise her head to look at him with different eyes. He had greatly surprised her with his decisive bravery.

“Miss Romaine, please guard the door!” Sophie quickly said. He needed to spend every second to act on his plan.

The soldiers started to break the kitchen wooden door. It was never meant to be used as a defense and very soon there were several holes in it.

“Me?”. She blinked.

“Yes, give me a little bit of time.”

“What are you going to do?” The merchant girl asked curiously.

“I’m thinking of a way to warn the people in the village. Madara is going to attack us with a full-scale army, we need to warn them.” Sophie tried hard to calm down and replied while he searched for flints.

[What was in Brendel’s memory again…..?] He clenched his fist and tried hard to recall the missing information.

“Okay, sure, I’ll do that.” Romaine immediately went over to the door to defend Sophie.

“Will you be fine?”

“Of course.” The young girl shook the masonry hammer in her hands and replied confidently: “I’ll do my best since I’ll become a great merchant in the future!”

Sophie stopped his hands and looked at her, nodding.

“You will definitely become one, Miss Romaine.”

“Yup, Brendel.”



* * *





Vol.1 Chapter 4




TL: 09/05/2017. Changed one of the character’s name Bretton to Bennett. This chapter has been updated.

[If I remember correctly, Marden is the current captain of Bucce’s guards. A soldier who participated the November War like Brendel’s grandfather.]

Sophie knew him because he was the famous NPC in-game who taught travelers the ‘Exploration’ skill.

But the true reason why this old soldier was famous amongst the gamers, was because he committed an egregious error as the guard’s leader.

He had mistaken the intention of Madara’s invasion to be the usual skirmishes in the past. He had one chance to launch a counter-attack and defeat the undead army’s vanguard, then retreat without casualties and become the hero of this kingdom.

Sadly, he did not take this opportunity and chose to evacuate the Bucce’s citizens, and ultimately entered into a path of obscurity because he was blamed for the failure to stop Madara’s advance, and the loss of countless lives.





[It’s a pity that he had to end up this way. But how exactly did he discover Madara’s attack early and why did he not choose to fight them? ……Is it because he wanted to keep his own life?]

An impossible thought suddenly sprang out of his mind and he threw it out at once. He had seen the old man in the game and found no signs the latter was a coward.

[Regardless, I need to try to think of a way to warn them and change history. Fire is a warning sign in the army’s regulation and an indication of an invasion. I can only hope they understand this signal]

The banging continued outside the door and every second was steeped with a tense atmosphere.

“Brendel, they are coming in now!” Romaine gripped the masonry hammer tightly with both of her hands. She stared at the door with her brows bunched together like a knot.

Sophie did not have time to think about his plan any longer; he glanced back to the door upon hearing Romaine’s words. They would be dead if the undead skeleton army rushed in.

Crashing sounds emitted from the door as sharp swords hacked in and out. The Madara’s swords gleamed like they were the fangs of a beast.

Something knocked against the door violently with a huge crashing sound, causing dust clouds to slowly fall from the ceiling.

The wooden door groaned as cracks quickly fractured it.

[Calm down, calm down, just continue treating like a game. Remember the missions you have done, this is merely one of them……]

He breathed in deeply to regain his composure. He tied a cloth drenched in oil around a bundle of straws and firewood, then tied everything with a string; the whole process was done with ease. The creation of a torch was the most basic task in the game. This particular combination would last for a few minutes.

But the remaining time given to him was dwindling, and soon enough another violent smash struck against the door, causing the hinges to break and rattle loudly. The dust flew sharply and hovered everywhere from the impact.

“Brendel!” Romaine felt as her heart was going to jump out of her throat and she blinked her bright eyes furiously.

“I’m here with you, don’t worry, I just need a little longer.” Sophie’s forehead was full of perspiration from the pain and tension. He struck the flint with a metal chain many times, sending sparks flying everywhere but the torch refused to be lit.

A game was different from reality.

The soldiers’ immense strength finally cracked the door’s center open and made it tilt sideways, but it still barred entry.

A bone hand reached in from the outside to break the latch.

The merchant girl jolted from fright and she immediately smashed the hammer on it. The hammer pounded on it with a bang and cracks immediately appeared on top of the hand, but the skeleton soldier did not feel any pain and only paused slightly before it tugged at the latch again.





Romaine was stunned momentarily as she witnessed this scene, even forgetting the hammer in her hands.

“Brendel, Brendel, what shall I—…..” She quickly asked, fear creeping into her voice.

Brendel finally lit up the torch just as the door’s metal latch fell onto the ground with a clank.

With the door finally opened, the first skeleton marched in with its sword. It turned its heads and the flames within its black eye sockets locked onto the youths.

One of the skeletons witnessed a dark object becoming bigger and bigger in its field of vision, and before it could react a hatchet was buried into the skull.

(……. This is your final resort. When you throw your sword you must remember that your hands must be stead, your center of gravity low, and no hesitation. You need to try and maintain a straight line between you and your target…….

…… If your enemy is a skeleton, then your best target would be to choose the shoulder blade and arms, the spine or the thigh bone. And unless you have the confidence to break the head open, the skull is not the weakest point…..)

Sophie suddenly had a flashback of Brendel’s instructor teaching him how to fight against skeletons.

If he did it at the start of the game he would probably have split the skull into two equal parts because of the ‘Heroic’ stats as a player, but like what the instructor had taught him, a hatchet stuck in the skull did no damage to the overall structure.

“Fuck!”

Sophie looked at the skeleton soldier leaning backwards. He had used the military skill ‘throw’ which would have been difficult for Brendel, but Sophie reflexively used it as a veteran. Yet when the hatchet left its hand, the brutal realization struck him when he remembered he no longer had a player’s stats.

“Miss Romaine, be careful!” He pulled the merchant to his back as he saw it straightening up again.

“Brendel…..” She was completely terrified.

“Don’t worry I’m here.”

Even though Brendel said that, his heart said otherwise, especially after seeing the pile of packed skeletons rushing in.

He surveyed his surroundings but there was simply nothing that could be used here. That skeleton was about to shrug off from its temporary daze.

What could he do? Just give up?

Sophie shook his head. He could only gamble on to survive!

He charged forward with gritted teeth, grabbing the skeleton’s sword arm and ribcage, and lifted the skeleton upwards with an almost practiced maneuver before he hurled it towards the group of skeletons.

Perhaps extraordinary circumstances allowed him to use every ounce of Brendel’s strength. The skeleton was unable to resist when it lost its balance, and was sent crashing backwards while affecting the ones behind him. These forced the skeleton to take a few steps back.

The Madara’s undead was stopped for a short moment but it was more than enough.

The young man’s emotions spiraled into a daze. He could not believe he succeeded with this desperate move.

He threw the torch onto the stacked firewood and straws in the corner of the kitchen.

Flames flared up quickly.

“Let’s run, Romaine!” Brendel pulled her hand from the side and start leading her to the back door.





She had never felt so tense in her life. The last time she saw the youth was well over a year ago, and only felt that he was shy and easy to talk to. His recent return seemed to show that he had not changed much either.

But today he displayed courage and composure beyond belief. These qualities which were displayed during these dangerous junctures, were surely the ‘reliable man’ had that her aunt always mumbled about right?

[This feeling is sooo strange—]

Her mind thought about things that she could not explain. When she noticed that he grabbed her arm, her heart started racing.

“Brendel?” She said when Sophie suddenly stopped moving.

Smoke started to fill the place up and the kitchen was filled with choking odors.

Sophie finally cleared his head.

[Mother Marsha above, I set fire to Brendel’s grandfather’s house. He will surely suffer divine retribution. Err, even though I’m Brendel right now.]

Messy thoughts started popping up, as Brendel’s memories filling his entire mind.

A low, raspy voice came from behind: “Move quickly, my undead soldiers. Put out this fire and ferret out that worm, we only have a minute—”

The voice cleared the youth’s mind and he started to move again. He knew that the undead was afraid of fire and would be difficult for the skeletons to advance. This was the best time for him to run.

But the fire was a double edged sword and he needed to be quick.

“Let’s go.” Sophie pulled a string of sausages from the ceiling and led the merchant girl towards the back by blindly feeling his way there. This was not a gesture of his greediness, but to the players within the ‘The Amber Sword’, they had developed a subconscious instinct to grab food whenever it was available before fleeing.

The fire became bigger in sheer seconds, and turned the surroundings into a sea of flames with billowing smoke. The temperature was rising quickly.

However, Sophie swiftly found the small door that was used to transport food. He opened it and went inside before locking it again.

Sophie coughed once but the merchant girl behind him was coughing in distress. He calmed himself before searching the grounds, and instantly found the golden latch. Just as he was about to open it, he hesitated.

He suddenly recalled something.

============ Freya’s POV ==============

Perhaps to the citizens of Grinoires, the stars and skies in April or May did not hold many differences. It was only when one looked down from the slopes of the hilltops at the end of the fifth month where the temperature would start to rise up, would they find the place to be a sea of red and white flowers in the early summer. It was the most peaceful place in Aouine, but it was also filled with wars for many centuries.

The girl looked up. The summer night’s sky was like crystals that covered the entire western to northern areas. The bright starry light painted the night. These stars held legendary tales of gods and myths amongst the citizens.

She stood at the village entrance and cast her eyes at the hilltop. Freya was slightly worried. That loud bang earlier made her feel restless.

[Did they not mention there was undead movement in the nearby regions, is it possible……]

“Freya!”

Upon hearing that should she turned her head, and looked at the young boy who still had traces of a child with surprise. He anxiously ran to her side, bent at the waist and panting.

“What’s wrong, little Fenris, did something happen?” The young girl’s voice was soft and clear.

“Did you hear that noise?”

“Yes, I came to take a look at it because of that,” Her gaze went back to the hilltop, “I’m worried about Romaine, her aunt went to the nearby town….. I heard that it was unsafe recently and asked her to stay at my home for two days, but she did not agree to it.”

The young boy looked at her with wide eyes.

The girl’s light orange hair was tied into a long ponytail, and her figure appeared to give out a heroic atmosphere. She wore a greyish white leather armor made from cowskin, and in it was a thick set of cotton shirt, the symbol on her left shoulder painted with black dye to look like a painting of pine leaves.





On her waist was a short rapier and on its hilt was a fire emblem.

If Sophie was there he would instantly recognize her as a civilian soldier of Bucce. The black pines were the most common tree in Grinoires mountainous regions, and it was also the symbol of the Bucce forces.

The formal army guards of Bucce wore a well-made combat cape and leather armor that a different color.

In Aouine, every youth would receive militia training and it usually started from the age of fourteen. The training would take place every year starting from October to next year’s March until they reached nineteen. The youths and adults who received the training would become militia and were the most important reserves during times of war. This rule was set during the Year of Thunder, and militia training became one of the most important measures in Aouine’s military initiatives.

“Isn’t that young man staying there? I heard he was a militia at Bruglas.” The young boy said.

“The people from the city are not trustworthy,” She flipped her long ponytail and furrowed her brows: “I’m worried precisely because that man is staying over there!”

“This is just your bias, Captain Freya~”

“What would you know……. Never mind.” The young girl lectured him without turning her head: “Alright, just spit it out, a boy shouldn’t long-winded like a girl, got it!?”

“Captain Marden has ordered the guards to gather up!” Little Fenris’s neck shrank a little and said.

Surprise streaked across Freya’s eyes: “Captain Marden? How did you come to know this?”

“That idiot Bennett told me,” He blinked and replied: “When I came out, he already rode ahead to report to the guards.”

“Do you know what exactly is going on?”

“No.” He shook his head.

The young girl turned her head towards to the hilltop, and she could barely see the manor’s outline in the darkness.

“Call up everyone, we’re going out.”

“Freya, it’s so late now, Aunt Shia will murder us!” The boy’s mouth was agape and asked instead: “It’s better that we wait for tomorrow’s news right?”

“Coward!” She glared at him, but knew he was speaking the truth. Even if she was the captain of the Bucce’s militia, she loathed to create trouble when she thought about her aunt’s terrifying wrath.

“Aren’t you just the same…..” He just mumbled a few words before he saw the girl’s serious face with a gesture to be silent.

“Freya?”

“Shhh—” She turned her head sideways, and cupped her ears. There was a faint but distinct whistling sound.

“What is that sound?”

The whistling sound came from far away and approached nearer and nearer to their heads in mere seconds.

The young girl’s expression changed, and when she wanted to raise her head and move her body to evade, it was too late. A black shadow came from above the sky and pierced into her shoulder, causing her to yell out and fell backwards.

“Captain Freya!” He shouted.

“Fenris, run, run!” The ponytail girl yelled out in pain.

Arrows fell like rain.

============ Brendel’s POV ===============

Sophie paused.

“What’s, wrong, Brendel……..?” The merchant girl felt something was amiss and asked with coughs interrupting her words.

Sophie did not reply and searched through his memories.

When Madara attacked in the game they were not able to avoid the gamers. They were not like the NPCs who worked in the day and rested at night. Some of the gamers were truly like nocturnal creatures.

He recalled when Madara attacked, they also received interference from other gamers like himself, but most of their invasions were still successful.

[Why?]

Indeed, he recalled that this era where Aouine was an ancient kingdom marching to its death, its neighboring countries were welcoming the new turbulent era.

[Because the rising stars of Madara are coming out…….]

Sophie reflected pensively on the situation.

[The current Madara in this era shocked the continent because they had many incredibly skill leaders to the point where one could call them legendary. The new revolutions to the army’s policies (368th year, the revolution of the black rose) seven years prior made them even stronger. This change developed a strong foundation and outstanding disciples were nurtured, supporting their invasion with powerful military might.]

This military might would be displayed in this war.

And in the midst of the War of the Black Rose, the Madara’s army lightning speed and clear judgment shook everyone in their boots, and yet, it was until Aouine was decimated before everyone became vigilant.

And precisely because of this.

This blight, this darkness, this shadow, would devour this kingdom entirely.

“These bastards are not the same as common fodder.”

As his rivals in the past, Sophie had a deep impression with Madara’s officers. Only people who had fought with their elites would know of them.

Sophie’s hand was placed on the cold latch, his heart sinking into numbness. The moment when he closed the door to bar the undead from getting to them, would be the moment they launched a preemptive attack on Bucce. They would not allow him to have the time to provide the warning to them, even if it was just a possibility.

There was the possibility where Madara’s skeleton soldiers waiting behind the back door.

[What should I do?]



* * *





Vol.1 Chapter 5




TL: Edit 09/05/2017.

“Lord Maeza, my soldiers have opened the cellar’s door and cornered them, but the interior has been set on fire. My skeletons are hesitating in front of this dirty flames and I need time for them to adapt.”

The necromancer lowered its head with its body deeply hunched. The green fiery flames flickered in its eye sockets with a cunning gleam, but it placed its arms across its chest to show obeisance.

Madara had a restrictive aura based on levels. Anyone who tried to approach them would feel deep fear from within their souls. This was especially true because there were undead wizards who were naturally effective in manipulating and torturing the soul.

The undead Acolyte Wizard tapped his long pale fingers on his black silk robe. He stood on the top of the hill and oversaw Bucce’s bells ringing loudly in the darkness.

The humans were falling into deep despair.

But this nightmare was just the beginning. Not far from here was an undead army hiding in the darkness, and another reserve army hiding at the sides of the forest. He had ordered them to fire arrows at the village, with the next batch of arrows to be fired again.

They would use the Arrows of Soul flames.





These raging Icy Blue flames cannot be extinguished by normal means…… He would order the skeleton soldiers to invade their village when the living were drowning in fear.

“How long?” The future undead wizard’s voice was cold and sharp.

“About—” The necromancer estimated with its head lowered: “Eight minutes, no, at most five minutes.”

“I do not have the time to wait. I will leave a squad to you, eleven skeleton soldiers. Is that enough, Kabara?”

“Sufficient, my lord.”

The future undead wizard laughed cruelly: “It is best that you do not let these rats slip away from the back door.”

“Do not worry, my lord. I have already placed the soldiers upon your order earlier.”

“Then I shall wait for your good news when I return, Kabara.” He pointed towards the front and looked meaningfully at its subordinate: “I will receive the village’s subjugation and enjoy the humans’ fear of eternal death. But Marsha above, I pray that my decision to attack early would not affect Sir Incirsta.”

“It will be as you wish for, my master.” The necromancer bowed deeply.

============= Brendel’s POV =============

The interior of the house was flooded with billowing smoke. Fire embers kept licking from under the smoke, and the blistering flame not only stopped the undead’s invasion, it also blocked all visibility.

The increasing heat were roasting the back of two people, the blinding smoke forcing them to shut their eyes, their throats and noses were constantly pricked. But Sophie’s heart was in a state of frozen numbness.

“What’s wrong? What are we waiting for?” Romaine asked while coughing.

“Give me the hammer.” The young man finally started to act. He had been listening attentively and beyond the crackling flames, he had heard the unique ringing of a bell.

Bucce had sounded the alarm.

[I hope the guards in the village are smart enough to do something. I should give up counting on the militia there because they’re only a bunch of hot-blooded youths. If anything, they should just try and survive the night—]

They were Aouine’s future.

But he immediately checked his line of thinking. Perhaps he was unable to even survive past this situation.

“Are there enemies outside?” The merchant girl’s eyelids opened and she passed the hammer over.

“I am not sure but it pays to be careful.” Sophie wanted to be optimistic, but he needed to prepare for the worst outcome. He was an experienced warrior in the game who relied not on luck but cautiousness.

“Brendel.”

“Yes?” He stopped his action of opening the door.

“You seem to be a little different today.”

[I’m exposed already? But that shouldn’t be! Brendel and my personality are actually quite similar and I inherited his memories. How did I get found out so quickly?]

Sophie’s heart squeezed tightly.

“What….?” He could not restrain the anxiety in his voice.

“Hmm, I can’t really tell, it’s just a feeling.” She contemplated for a while and asked earnestly: “You will protect me right, Brendel?”

“Is there something wrong with that?”

“No, thank you.”

“It’s not necessary to be courteous with me, Miss Romaine.”

“Eh?”

Sophie grinned but did not reply. The tense feelings in his hearts were greatly relieved. He drew a breath and tensed his body, lightly pulled the latch and placed his hand on the door handle.

He was going to open it.

What fate was going to wait for him outside, a brand new world? Or an abrupt death? Was Mother Marsha going to play a trick on him?

‘But it is a taboo to fathom Mother Marsha’s intentions—‘ Brendel’s memories told him.

“MIss Romaine, I’ll count to three, and we will rush out together.”

“Got it.”

“Three…..”

“Urgh.”

“Ahh.”

“I’m sorry, I’m too tense, I should start from one…….” Sophie realized his mistake.





“It’s okay, Brendel……” Romaine hid her face under her hands. She knocked onto the youth’s firm back, and her heart jumped.

She was not a person to be so easily embarrassed.

But Sophie did not have the mood to appreciate the girl’s thoughts. He was also embarrassed from making such a silly mistake. He thought he should be calm about opening the door because they were merely a few skeletons.

He gritted his teeth and opened the door. Before the smoke dissipated a gleaming sword stabbed towards him.

There was indeed an ambush.

Sophie’s mind had never been more calm. It was as if his years in the game as a warrior merged with this body’s own lifetime. The sword’s emblem, Brumand’s blooming black rose, was reflected in his eyes as it swung in a straight line.

The skeleton’s movements was rigid and he knew its weaknesses.

He understood that he could not directly match the enemy’s strength with his own, and held Romaine back while evading it. The cold steel sliced across his shirt without drawing blood.

Then Sophie swung the hammer from above towards the skeleton. The smoke parted to reveal the skeleton’s chest and with a loud crash, three of its ribs were cracked open and hurled backwards.

The skeleton stumbled backwards from the impact and blocked the rest of the skeletons from advancing, and the youth immediately took the chance to dash out from the sea of flames.

He immediately surveyed the battlegrounds. The sight of four skeletons soldiers filled his veins with ice. If there were only one or two skeletons he might even have the mood to curse at them.

[Damn it, the enemies seemed to think highly of me. Am I treated like a scout? It certainly looked like being flashy was not a good thing……]

That made sense to him. He believed his performance in killing a necromancer was no less than what the best scouts could do. In this rustic area, a typical scout would be nothing more than an ordinary hunter.

He felt Romaine gripping his hand tightly. The subconscious reaction from the girl showed off scared she was. He wanted to comfort her by saying something but he did not know where to start from.

When he looked over to the dark forest that was at the bottom of the hill, he wondered how he would cover the distance.

The wind blew across his face and the chill spread across his sweaty forehead.

The four skeleton soldiers were surrounding him quickly.

[What can I do, just close my eyes and wait for death’s embrace?]

Sophie could only try to cover the merchant girl behind him with his body, and wished that he had his warrior with hundred and thirty levels. It would only take a single blow to smash them to bits…..

But this world did not have the word “if”.

Reality was ever so disappointing.

…….

[Wait, levels? I killed a necromancer and 2 skeletons. Brendel killed 1 skeleton. I have 6 Experience points! ]

The young man suddenly felt he had missed something. His heart trembled as he realized, the Ring of the Wind Empress!

The requirement to raise a swordsman only required 5 XP to advance to level two. How many XP would it need to raise a Militia’s level?

He hoped that there was not much of a difference between this world and the game’s. He would be able to escape if he had just one level.

Time was running out, the four skeletons were already in front of him, he only had a breath’s time, four seconds, to life or death.

He used his fastest speed to check the data in his retina.

XP: 6 (Commoner Level 1: —, Militia Level 1, 0/3)

[Thank the gods!]

He understood what he needed, even though investing the XP into a militia class was an obvious waste, he could not care less.

[Any wastage was better than becoming any icy corpse, right?]

“Militia, 6 XP into the profession, quick, level up!” He yelled in his mind, 4 skeletons had raised their sharp swords, and the merchant girl behind hugged him tightly.

“Brendel, they’re coming!”

And the data changed again.

XP: 0 (Commoner Level 1: —, Militia Level 2, 6/10)

A warmth coursed through his veins. He understood that his body was changed with the 0.1 strength and physique addition, but they were currently unimportant.

A swordsman in comparison would have gained 0.2 strength, physique, agility and even perception. A militia would be utter garbage when compared.

But they were unimportant.

What was important, was the chance to pick the unique talents when a character levels up to two. It was the first of three chances to pick a unique talent in this life.

This was the first chance, the fairest chance, the chance which would bring him new life.

He anxiously waited, a second was like a millennia, but the panels for unique talents finally lit up.

“Unique talent, Unyielding.”

Scorching flames blazed in his eyes. Four swords swung at his body, but he lifted the masonry up as if to conquer the world, while shifting his head, heart and organs away.

Three swords stabbed into the youth’s body at the same time.

[Fuck!!! That fucking hurts!]





But he now had the ability to resist becoming unconscious from bleeding for five minutes, and he would not die from any physical attacks for thirty minutes. Red warning signs appeared all over his eyes as his Lifeforce dipped below zero.

The ‘Unyielding’ talent was activating the Soul’s Fire, and was similar to how the undead were controlled.

The skeletons did not attack any further as they perceived him as an undead, but Sophie roared and swung his hammer at them. Their balance broke as they stumbled back and their swords were withdrawn from his body, but he did not let his voice leak out.

He had only one chance now to bring Romaine away from here. Then he needed to find a health potion with the remaining time he had. He did not know if it existed in this world but he could only have faith in his heart.

There was no other option.

“Brendel!” Romaine’s voice changed when she saw the injuries on his body.

“Hold on tightly to me, Romaine.”

“I…….”

“Hold on tightly!” The youth had no time to explain and roared angrily. Brendel appeared to look like a real hero covered in blood in this very moment.

“I got it, sorry, sorry, Brendel.” The girl looked astonished as she said.

Sophie grabbed Romaine’s hand and quickly escaped.

“Miss Romaine.” He ran and said with considerable strain.

“Y-yes.”

“Listen…. carefully….” Sophie panted. The Undying ability did not allow the body to retain its strength, and he already felt that his surroundings were becoming blurry.

The only thing that was clear to him was the howling wind in his ears due to their running.

“Yes?”

“If I faint, bring me to Bucce and avoid Madara’s troops…… Go to the Holy Church and….. seek for a health potion, do you understand?”

“I, I got it, Brendel…… You won’t die right?”

“I…. Don’t know….. Cough….. We should see what….. Mother Marsha has arranged for us…..”

Sophie did not know whether the merchant girl really understood, but he only had enough energy to give her this set of instructions. He had to leave the rest to fate.

He turned back to look and saw the flames in the hilltop amongst the blur. He sighed and closed his tired eyes.

The life that he once had was definitely gone now.





[I can’t believe I actually risked my life just like that. Was I ever so decisive and brave?]

Even if he died he would be able to find solace.

[At least I managed to save someone and it wasn’t a failure this time……]

He thought as the world turned dark.



* * *





Vol.1 Chapter 6




TL: Chapter has been updated 12/05/2017.

Chapter 6 – Freya

Sophie felt like he dreamed for a long time. He was surrounded by silent shadows and everything appeared to be distorted and strange. A black moon and a solitary high tower were reflected in a dark body of water, persisting at the beginning and the end of his dream.

What did the moon signify? What did the high tower mean? Or was all of this just a nightmare?

Sophie did not know, just like he did not know when he would wake up. He persisted in this state until he overheard a conversation in his disconcerted state.

“Freya.” The voice belonged to a boy.





“Briedon, have you contacted them?” It was the voice of a young woman, her diction clear and distinct.

“No, there was a bunch of monsters blocking the road. We were not able to find where Ser Marden and the others went, and there’s this person……” The boy said.

His voice pointed towards Sophie.

Sophie’s heard skipped a beat. He could feel a gaze on his body. It was like a pathway that connected him back to this world, causing him to feel like he was sinking slowly, before he realized it was gravity pulling him.

Sophie finally recognized the fact that he could sense his body but it did not respond to him.

[Am I dead.]

His breathing started to go into a slight disarray.

“He’s one of the wounded, take care of him.” The girl said.

[One of the wounded? Are you talking about me? Ah, that’s right, I’m gravely injured.]

His mind started to sharpen and his memories played back like scenes from an old movie. He had borrowed the body of a young man called Brendel and gambled his life away to accomplish something. That was certainly not something he would do.

But he succeeded.

“Freya, he’s awake.” The child suddenly said.

“What?”

“I saw his eyelids move.”

“That’s not possible, his injuries are grave enough for Mackie to…….. Eh!?”

That was true. Brendel’s body was already in a near fatal state when he took it. He then used the talent ‘Unyielding’ to survive multiple stab wounds. He clearly remembered that his stomach and right chest were completely pierced through.

Sophie’s mind started to focus and the surrounding voices became clearer. The noisy din of panicked confusion, crackling sounds made from burning wood, hurried footsteps and metallic clashes, drowned out the conversation between the girl and the child. The temperature around him started to rise, as if to lick him with a gentle warmth but it quickly started to scald him.

[Hot.]





He blinked. The first thing that came into his irides when he struggled to open his eyelids was a surprised girl.

Sophie’s impression of the girl who was supposedly called Freya, matched the girl in his mind after listening to her voice.

She had light brown hair coupled with bright eyes and her long hair was tied into a ponytail. Her looks brought about a refined heroic elegance to her. She was observing him with a lowered and Sophie did the same thing by looking up to her.

She wore a greyish white leather set which fit snugly to her figure, and wore a thick cotton shirt with the pretty emblem of black pine leaves on her left shoulder below it. He also noticed the sword at her waist; a short rapier with a flame signet on the hilt. He shifted his gaze upwards, and saw the bloody bandage across her left chest and shoulder.

[The uniform of Bucce’s militia. The symbol of the Church of Flames. Did they just experienced a fight?]

Sophie’s eyes captured every detail. The noises in the surroundings were dying quickly when he woke up.

“Where….. is this place? …… Where is Romaine……”

When he spoke, he felt as though molten steel was being poured into his throat, burning him and drying every last drop of moisture, forcing him to cough weakly after his last word. There was a throbbing pain from his chest that traveled throughout his entire body when he coughed.

The only reply he received was a wind coming from the mountainous stretch of pine trees. The wind blew across the black pine needle leaves, causing them to rustle like the sounds from a river.

No one answered him.

“He woke up.”

“I can’t believe this, he actually survived with those injuries.”

“He’s probably just living on borrowed time……”

Then the hushed whispers wormed their way into his ears. Sophie was a little confused.

[What’s happening here, these people should be Bucce’s militia right? I’m probably saved by them, so where is that merchant girl? Did my plan succeed and Captain Marden understood my intentions?]

He turned his head sideways. He first saw a bright bonfire which danced in his eyes, the fire embers following the rising smoke and dissipating into the night sky.

“You’re awake?” The girl finally came to her senses and quickly rushed to stop him from moving: “Wait, don’t move, this is Bucce, do you remember where you are?”

“Bucce….. Bucce.” Sophie repeated this name. He let out a sigh. He should have died from the wounds he received, no matter how many times he looked at it, regardless of whether it was real life or a game. “Can you tell me what happened to me?”

[The only possibility was Miss Romaine finding a health potion for me.]

“Little Fenris and Mackie found both of you in the forest not far from here.” Freya looked at him curiously. Even though the youth called Brendel came to their village for almost a year, he did not really interact with the village’s young adults.

He was always alone in his gloomy house and only accompanied Romaine occasionally to the nearby town. Even the dumbest people in the nearby area knew the youth was interested in the girl who dreamed about becoming a merchant, excluding the latter herself.

Freya gave another round of appraisal to him when she thought about this, along with a drop of suspicion.

“All of you are?” He said.

“I really wonder how Romaine and you managed to escape.” The girl gave an unwilling sigh.

“How is she?”

“She’s fine. Don’t worry, she’s in a better condition compared to you by a thousand times. You should pay more attention to your own condition,” Freya stroked her forehead and spoke softly: “But she kept going on about going into the village, do you know anything about that?”

Sophie paused.

[This means I didn’t use a health potion, so how did my injuries…?]

Almost like an instinctive response, he opened his stats display and the dark green data appeared in his retina. He stared at it in shock at the words:

Lifeforce (Near death, weakened): 10% (‘Banadaged’ status, 1 HP will be recovered every day)





[Impossible!]

Sophie’s first reaction was to believe he was still dreaming. No one understood his condition better than he did. He had at least 4 different fatal injuries along with massive hemorrhaging. No matter how he sliced it, he was deader than dead.

[Why do I still have 10% left?]

Sophie shook his head in an effort to clear his mind a little, but he saw the girl’s face beside him turning tense: “Don’t move, you’re heavily injured……”

“Don’t worry.” He waved his hand subconsciously.

Sophie was very clear about his current status. Even though he was puzzled over it he was not in a condition where he was losing blood, and there was no other ‘bad status’ on him. He was in a ‘Weakened’ and ‘Near death’ state, and understood these conditions were not something easily solved. He could only wait and recuperate slowly.

But since his injuries are in a stable condition there was no danger to his life.

[How did my wounds automatically became ‘stable’? The ‘Unyielding’ talent doesn’t have this ability!]

He was greatly puzzled.

“You cr—!” Freya eyes went wide. She had never seen someone as crazy as he was.

Everyone thought he was doomed from the start and no one expected him to survive. Yet he woke up. Just from that fact, he should thank Mother Marsha’s for her mercy.

But the damned bastard did not seem to care at all.

[One should cherish his life properly, damn it!]

“Get back and rest right this instant!” The girl drew a deep breath and ordered through gritted teeth.

Sophie paused blankly and looked at her with dumbfounded eyes.

[What was wrong with this girl’s head?]

“Y-you received the Militia’s training right? My name is Freya, Bucce’s third platoon’s leader. Right now I’m ordering you to follow my orders, temporarily,” Freya blushed as she realized she lost her temper much too easily: “You have no problems with my orders, yes?”

“You’re Freya?” Sophie became shocked and blurted: “Freya Elisson, born during the Year of the Moon Flowers, your father the Great Knight Everton?”

“What, how did you?” The girl got confused with the series of questions: “N, no, my father is only a carpenter in the town……”

There was a sudden riot of laughter in the surroundings.

“Freya, this man’s pick-up lines are good.”

“You should be careful around him, Captain Freya.”

“Nobody will treat you as mutes if you speak two sentences less, Mackie, Ike!” Freya turned her back and glared at them sullenly.

During this time Sophie took the time to observe the militia with solemn gazes.

[This platoon has seven or eight people. It coincides with Aouine’s unit structure, but the leader is a female and that’s even a young brat in it…… This girl’s name must be a coincidence. It might look like it was a special exception, but the truth is Aouine’s frequent battles over the years have weakened it beyond words, to the point where they needed women and children to fill up the ranks.]

He felt disappointed as he watched the girl and boy squabble.

[What happens next will devour the last bit of vitality the kingdom has from its shiny surface.]

Sophie gave a sorrowful sigh filled with lament.

He witnessed this passage of history from the beginning of the game, and did not expect to relive it once more in this parallel world.

He stared at the girl leader next to him in a trance.

[No…… I’m not mistaken about her. Freya Elisson. The last general of Aouine and later called the kingdom’s Goddess of War. The daughter of the Great Knight Everton who’s also known as ‘The Sceptor of Fire’. She isn’t noticed early in the beginning of the war, but ultimately received the Princess Regent’s favor to become one of the top rising heroes of this kingdom. I didn’t expect her to experience Madara’s first invasion.]





“What are you looking at?” Freya turned her head around, and looked back blankly when she saw his gaze.

[…… The situation is urgent. How much time did I lose by being unconscious? Now is not the time for her to hold the initiative or to act like the old Brendel. Since they rescued me our lives are tied together. I have to save myself, and the militia before me.]

He was not admiring or enamored with her, but was treating and observing her like a strange animal.

“You have not seen anyone dying before you yet right?” Sophie suddenly asked.

“Hah?”

“No, I should rephrase my words. Are you afraid of people dying?”

“What, I…….” The girl was at a loss for words.

“The injuries I received is none of your concern, so may I sit up?” Sophie said in a grave voice.

“N, no.”

“Why?”

Freya was speechless. She was indeed scared. She was afraid to see someone die in front of her. Even if she was the future War Goddess covered with countless auras, the current Freya was nothing more but a naive village girl.

She had never seen the cruelties of a war and still retained a naive outlook towards the world.

Sophie raised the corners of his lips a little. He too had not seen a dying person before him, but his experiences in the ‘The Amber Sword’ were many times more than Freya.

He had at least experienced the pain of loss.

He was even more naive and younger than the girl in front of him when he started playing the realistic game in his past life. The horrifying events in it quickly made him mature and he learned many things.

He cherished the nurtured feelings and memories but they also left the seeds of revenge in him.

“Therefore, you’re just a naive little girl. What authority or ability do you have that would make me obey your orders, Miss Freya?”

“Y….. you—”

He knew there was no merit to argue with her. He took another look at the bandages in front of his chest, and immediately changed the subject: “Who tied my bandages?”

“Captain Freya was the one who did it, she’s the only one amongst us who know how to do the emergency first-aid.” The bratty little boy rushed to give his answer. He looked curiously at the young man who seemed like an experienced leader.

He thought the militia in Bruglas was indeed different, at least compared to their militia in a small place like Bucce.

“I barely managed to stop your bleeding. Don’t think of wandering around, I don’t want to tie your bandages again.” Freya immediately warned him.

[This game-like system is crazy enough for me to survive the attacks earlier. If I follow the game rules in my previous world, the bandage’s effect instantly recovers 1 HP upon application per day…..]

So he answered politely: “Thank you for bandaging me. Although you are terrible at it.”

“……” Freya inhaled deeply.

[Mother Marsha above, please forgive me for my rage—]

She was strangling the grinning bastard to his death in her mind.





* * *





Vol.1 Chapter 7




Edit: 12/05/2017. This chapter has not been updated for 1.5 years. ETA for editing: 18/05/2017. Please note that from this chapter forth, the quality will be worse than the previous chapters.

Ch 7 – The plan

“Well then, where exactly are we?”

Sophie started to inquire for the news that he wished to know after he flawlessly got hold of the conversation’s direction.

The experiences he had in the game was enough to treat the youths in front of him like children. He was exuding an air of confidence which affected all the people in front of him, regardless of Freya in front of him or the ones behind her. The center of the topic had shifted to Sophie without them realizing it.

Even the ones far away raised their head and turned to him.

“This place is the Forest of Red Pines. Don’t move.” The girl with the ponytail took a deep breath and trying hard to calm down and reply.

[She controlled her temper pretty quick. As expected of the Goddess of War, although she’s still naive— ]

Sophie suddenly gaped at the future Goddess of War in surprise.

“Wait, the Red Pine Forest,” Sophie repeated her words in shock. “Why are you gathered here?”

He remembered the place was called the ‘Dwarven valley’ in the game where level 14 Brown Bears nested. But it was Bucce’s southern region and the militia had no reasons to appear here.

“We came to look for you.”

“Actually we came to find Miss Romaine, she’s a friend of Captain Freya.”

“She’s also a member of the third militia squadron.”

The people behind Freya started talking at the same time.

“Have you defeated the Madara’s vanguard?” Sophie asked the most important question in his heart.

“How’s that possible!” Freya looked puzzledly at him, her expression was almost asking him why he asked such a silly question: “The town’s guards led the villagers and retreated to the north. We got separated from the rest. The monsters in the main road are getting more and more numerous, and we could only proceed to the south. Besides, I was also worried about Romaine…….”

“Therefore, everyone in your squadron came here?” Sophie’s felt his heart sank.

The girl nodded as if it was the most natural thing, her long ponytail bobbing up and down.





Then Freya suddenly felt a little strange.

[Wait, he’s not Captain Marden, why do I feel like I’m talking to someone with a higher rank!]

Sophie tapped his forehead pensively. He did not know whether to describe their actions as naive or foolish. They already had trouble surviving on their own and they still wanted to save others.

[No, maybe perhaps they could be described as being kind. But the battlefield does not need unnecessary kindness; they are only harming themselves.]

Sophie became silent, but his heart was languishing into a spiral of lamentation. He had set Brendel’s grandfather’s house on fire to warn the village, but history still repeated itself and continued to travel to its original pathways.

[There are even people here who are hopelessly foolish.]

Sophie’s original expectations were completely dashed and it left him with an empty feeling. It was a heavy blow that left him dispirited. He sighed in his mind. The things that he could change were too little. The wheels of history could not be stopped by a meager force. It was absolutely necessary that he got stronger, but before that, he had to survive.

[Captain Marden, it appears that even I am unable to save you. Why would Brumand’s black rose, the Madara, invade the borders before the fifth moon’s celebration of eternal death? Bucce would be on their highest guard after all. No, perhaps they are right to attack since they succeeded after all.]

But he only possessed the strength of an average man; he had done his best.

“Brendel!”

As he silently grumbled inwards to himself, an elated voice rang out beside him. Sophie turned his head back, and saw the merchant girl with a face full of disbelief and surprised joy appearing at the other side of the forest. There was another girl at Romaine’s side, wearing a suit of greyish white leather armor. She was the probably the person who went to notify Romaine.

Romaine dashed over like the wind to Sophie’s side and studied him carefully as if she was afraid of him suddenly disappearing.

“I knew it Brendel! I knew you would be okay!” She said before she explained urgently, as if she was afraid of him getting angry: “Oh— I’m sorry. Freya refused to let me go back to Bucce, I…..”

“It’s fine now. I’m alright.” He replied gently.

“Really?”

“Really.” He nodded.

“Romaine, please don’t move him. His wounds are grave.” Freya brows knitted together like they were going to touch one another. Did these two people know how grave these injuries were? He was just one step from meeting Mother Marsha!

“It’s fine.” Even though Romaine said that she stuck her tongue out and stood up.

Sophie smiled. The personality of the merchant girl was simply that way. He looked at both of the pretty girls and could not help but admired the scene.

If he did not teleport to this world, perhaps the merchant girl would have met the same fate as Brendel did. The Madara invaders were merciless.

He peered at the others.

Amongst all of them, who would survive at the very end of this battle? He clearly remembered the survivors from the militia and the guards were less than one out of ten. But he was here now and perhaps there could be a deviation in history. There were many things he did not know, but at least the people around him should be saved. These youths were the future seeds of this kingdom.

“Alright, let’s get back to the important issues. Do you know how serious the situation is right now?” The young man exhaled, trying hard not to show off painful he felt. He knew that he needed to rest desperately, but the current circumstances prevented him from doing so.

His gaze landed on everyone, and Freya and the young militia looked startled. Romaine blinked her eyes playfully.

“Huh?” Freya said.





Sophie coughed weakly. He said: “What are you going to do next? If I am not wrong, the Madara undead has taken control of the main road?”

Silence fell upon them.

“H, how did you know?” Freya looked at him in surprise.

[Of course I know, I even lived through it.]

Sophie’s mind replied. But the surprised looks made him a little pleased.

Knowing the future had advantages.

But that feeling could not cover the anxiety in his heart. Madara’s attacks in the the fourth month was swift and decisive. He needed to create a comprehensive plan to protect himself and the youths in front of him.

The enemies that Bucce faced were undead from the left wing of Madara’s army. Leading them was Incirsta, known as the infamous ‘Black Lord’ in the future. Even though he was merely a twenty-something novice now, this rising star had begun to show off his prowess at the start of this battle.

[And what do I have right now? The body of a nameless person in history, and he even died at the beginning of the war.]

The only advantage Sophie had was the knowledge of the future. He would be able to handle the series of events but he needed to make good use of the opportunities available.

He had only two choices and his mind quickly worked out the scenarios.

[The first option would be the safer route by picking the ‘Valley of Jagged Rocks’. It took the One-eyed Tarkus, Incirsta’s right hand, seventeen days to control this region.

But the distance is far away. I’m worried that we will not reach there in time to break through before the enemy surrounds the place. Unless there are horses of course, but where would I find them for these ten odd people here?

The other option left is to break through the ‘River of Daggers’ before the battle between the ‘Undead Ghosts’ led by Vesa and the ‘White Knights’ by Ivanton takes place.

Currently, there is only one necromancer leading a small skeleton army patrolling there.]

He rubbed the cold ring on his finger. With the Ring of the Wind Empress, was it not a simple task to break through the defense line comprised of eleven skeleton soldiers and one necromancer?

Still, he needed to make everyone in this militia team to obey his orders. It was also why he presented himself so forcefully from the beginning.

He took a look at everyone again.

“Anyone who had a little knowledge in military studies would be able to make a natural conclusion like that. They sealed off the main road to break communications and to pave the way for their army. The next step is to clear this region’s remaining Aouine’s forces while using Bucce as the center.”

He stressed his words heavily, paused and continued gravely: “Us.”

A heavy silenced loomed, then the light gasps of the militia army sounded out.

“And I ask you now, what are your plans?” Sophie asked wearily.

They turned and looked at each other.





There were ten skeleton soldiers defending Bucce’s main road, and they could not force their way out. Even though there was the reckless confidence from them and the enemies did not count for much, they had their reservations shown when it came to life and death battles.

Freya’s face was full of worry. She had not considered far ahead at all when she made her decisions earlier. Even though they were deemed as militia they were merely a bunch of inexperienced youths.

Although she did not say anything her helplessness was already written on her face.

Everyone’s gazes had fallen onto Sophie since a while ago. He seemed to show a demeanor exuding experience and calmness. This impression had a subtle influence on them, making them felt he was reliable during times of danger.

“Brendel?” Romaine asked worriedly.

Sophie looked back at her and gave a small smile to put her at ease.

“We need to plan for the worst outcome.” He snapped his head back at them. He planned to break their naive attitude.

This was not something he did for the first time. The newbies in his guild always held some optimistic behaviors when they went to the battlefields for the first time. But once they received a blow from a shock, they would go into disarray and quickly get annihilated by veteran teams.

There was actually not that much of a gap between players and the people before him.

The key factor was their mentality, and veteran players like him were in charge of giving inoculation shots to the newbies.

“Plan for the worst outcome?”

Just as Sophie was about to answer, there was a series of rustling from the forest. Everyone looked over there at the same time, except Freya who faced over to a set of shrubbery and said: “Jonathon?”

“It’s me, Captain Freya.”

Everyone sighed with relief, but Sophie quietly gestured at Freya with his hand, warning her to raise her alertness. Freya was a little surprised at his gesture, but immediately realized the militia training did not allow them to leave their posts without reason.

Sophie had absolute faith in Aouine’s militia training. These youths might be naive, but that not mean they would forget about the basic training rules they had done every day.





There must not be any negligence in a battlefield.

“Did something happen, Jonathon?” She asked as she placed her hand on her sword’s hilt.

“I, I’m sorry, Captain Freya, I, I got caught……”

The shrubbery was parted into two with a rustle, and there were two people who walked out. A crying young man with a pale face with his arms raised, and the necromancer that followed behind with its finger pointing towards the young man. The green flames that were dancing in its eye sockets peered at everyone.

“Hehe, I caught a bunch of rats.”

Their breaths were taken away.

“Jonathon!”

“How could you…”

And the gasps of disbelief followed.





* * *





Vol.1 Chapter 8




TL: Edited 30/05/2017.

Ch 8 – The bloody forest

The young members of the militia roared in fury as their eyes bore at the traitor before them.

The young man who was controlled by the necromancer paled even further with a shudder, his shame and fear made him bow his head deeply.

He had no choice because he did not want to die—

Freya felt her heart nearly stopping. She reached for her sword subconsciously, but the necromancer immediately dismissed her notion to draw it. The green lights in its eye sockets flared up, and the young man’s arm exploded like a smashed egg. Blood and flesh sprayed everywhere, and he screamed loudly, falling down and curling into a heap.





“Gaaahhh! Please save me, Captain Freya!!!”

The bloody Jonathon rolled on the ground, shrieking in horror.

This frightening scene made a few people turned away and threw up. Freya turned white and stumbled backward, her legs trembling and unsteady.

“Little human girl, it is best that you do not move rashly.” The necromancer warned her with a shrill voice, its terrifying gaze sweeping across everyone who was there.

But it soon discovered there was only militia here, maggots that were not worth mentioning.

The green lights in the necromancer’s eye sockets dimmed with disappointment. It had received orders to pursue and kill the human scout, and not to squabble over these maggots.

Freya’s mind was a complete blank, but she tried to shake off the waves of dizziness that were assailing her and tried her best to mull over the ways to escape from the situation. She still remembered she was the leader of the militia and could not show her weak side.

Sophie supported Freya from behind to prevent her from sinking to the ground, but she surprised him with her determination to stand on her own.

The girl beside had Romaine had already fainted after she saw Jonathon’s plight. It was fortunate that the merchant girl was there to hold her.

Sophie felt one of Romaine’s hand grabbing on to his sleeve tightly. It was a sign that she trusted and depended on him.

But he knew that the militia needed some assurance at this time or they might break down mentally. They were living in a generation where Madara had not invaded yet and would find it difficult to endure a cruel scene like this. It was perhaps fortunate the young men and women were trained as militia and prepared for wars to break out; Aouine was a country that was stricken with the ravages of war after all.

“Freya.” Sophie whispered weakly.

The young girl paused for a short moment and immediately woke up from her stupor. She breathed deeply and calmed down bit by bit under Sophie’s presence. He nodded in admiration when her fingers on her sword’s hilt relaxed.

[Good. Few people would be able to calm down when they are facing a life and death situation, although the same could be said for me.]





His heart was as serene as it could possibly be. Perhaps the shock from traveling to a parallel world and his supposed death had allowed him to be numb to the threatening situation in front of him.

Regardless, it was definitely a good thing.

He continued to whisper: “Do you remember what I said earlier about planning for the worst?”

Freya froze for a moment and nodded slightly.

“Do you have the strength to fight?”

“Yes.”

It was a reply which almost could not be heard.

Sophie’s heart was relieved.

He rubbed against the Ring of the Wind Empress with his thumb, and the sensation he felt told him it was half recharged.

[It seems a few hours have passed since I fainted. It only takes ten minutes to receive a full charge in the game. It’s not going to be able to create a Wind Bullet, but a powerful whirlwind is possible.]

He prepared himself for the worst outcome. Even if there was an army of skeletons behind the necromancer, he would not flinch or panic.

At the same time, the necromancer was finally convinced there was no ambush here. It did not even bother to look at the pitiful figure that was crying beside its feet, and raised its skeletal arm:

“My soldiers, slay everyone here!”

The dry ear-piercing voice screeched out from the necromancer, and there were four skeleton soldiers wearing dark heavy chain armor and wielded sharp swords that rushed out from the forest. Their bodies made clacking noises as they moved through the swirling mist, approaching closer to the militia with every step.

If it was a little earlier the militia might still have the courage to resist the undead soldiers, but it was different now. The confidence they had earlier was shattered by the necromancer’s terrifying power, and the remaining bravery they had were crushed by the approaching soldiers. They were in no condition to fight back as they trembled before death.

They could only retreat backward in terror. Some drew out their swords shakily from an instinctive will to survive, but there was no certainty as to how much they could defend themselves.

There were only quickened breaths echoing throughout the forest and the rustling of dead leaves as death snaked towards its preys.





The necromancer crackled in laughter as it watched them. The green lights in its eye sockets danced wildly as if they were savoring the fear.

Fear was human’s greatest weakness. Their emotions could easily be made use of. In comparison, the undead naturally overcame this weakness. Every one of them could be considered as the finest soldier, especially the lower ranked undead which did not even need to think and simply obeyed their orders.

Even veteran soldiers could be as helpless as children in a battlefield. The Madara’s undead hated weak creatures and sought to eradicate them.

The necromancer felt only hatred for them.

Madara’s victory was certainly assured—

But at this moment it heard a faint whisper:

“Then I’ll leave it to you.” A calm youthful voice said, brimming with confidence.

The necromancer felt its Soul Fire jumped a little. It was a bad omen, and the necromancer turned its head warily.

A shining ring entered into its line of sight.

The ring was worn on that heavily injured militia’s thumb. It had not taken notice of this human who was half dead because there was nothing to note of.

A human could pretend to be heavily injured and possibly fool people, but they would not be able to deceive an undead. These cold unfeeling creatures which climbed out from graves were able to perceive the Flames of Life directly, and there was no mistaking Sophie’s faint flames.

He was definitely heavily injured.

The true threat came from the magic ring on his thumb. The green lights in the necromancer’s eye sockets suddenly dimmed, as it could suddenly feel a dangerous aura gathering in the air.

The necromancer came into contact with fake replicas of powerful artifacts when its master had taught it black magic. From that aura emitted in the air, it judged the ring to be at least twenty OZ.

[Why would such an artifact of a true wizard appear in the hands of a normal human?!]

The necromancer showed an expression that was full of surprise and greed.

“My undead soldiers, pry the ring off his finger and give it to me!” It raised its bone staff and screamed.

“Oss.”

But Sophie raised his right hand and spat out the word with all his strength as if to expel all the air in his lungs. The youth took a step back and his head was full of cold perspiration.

The space between them expanded visibly before it violently contracted.

The distortion in the air rapidly reverted back to normalcy with a sudden explosion, and the blast of frenzied wind roared with a thunderous boom. The wind was like a tempest of sharpened arrows piercing through the necromancer and the skeleton soldiers. They tried raising their arms to protect themselves, but the rampaging whirlwind made them stagger to their sides.

There was no damage done, but the impeding effect was easily visible.

“Now, Freya!” Sophie shouted.

The girl’s long sword sang in response as she drew it out, her long ponytail dancing behind her figure.

What amazed Sophie was how the inexperienced girl acted next. She did not rush in rashly, but turned her head and yelled at the rest of the militia: “Mackie, Irene! What the hell are you waiting for!? The third squadron, soldiers of Bucce, follow me into battle!!!”

The burst of courage was like a signal; simple words in a battle between life and death could become a suggestion which brought about limitless strength.

But this needed one condition, and that was composure.

A single person’s composure could affect others, and Freya’s reminder startled them to come back to their senses. They immediately recognized this was the final chance of surviving this encounter.

The raging winds continued to force the enemies back helplessly.

When the young militia discovered this, they quickly regained their mettle and the sounds of swords being drawn out reverberated in the forest. It was as if their discipline learned from the days spent in training returned to their bodies.

“Mackie, cover me.”

“You fucking monsters, it’s time for your turn……”

“Kill that foul witch first!”

“That’s a necromancer.”

“Little Fenris, you’re behind me.”

Sophie looked worriedly at the chaotic battlefield. He was afraid of someone acting rashly and ruining the situation, and he yelled out at them: “Everyone, remember what you learned in training! You can only fight well if you remain cool-headed!”

In the online game ‘The Amber Sword’, he had seen many hot-blooded newbies acting the same way like the youths here.

It was good to be heated but losing their rationality was not allowed.

He recited the militia’s combat rules. It was something everyone here had recited before, but there were not many who could keep these tedious but valuable rules in mind during a battle.





[This Brendel is really something.]

Sophie played back Brendel’s final battle in his mind. As a new soldier, Brendel’s performance could not have been more perfect; he recited the combat rules when he fought against the skeleton and he had some considerable talent in wielding a sword as a militia. Unfortunately, he was in the wrong place and at the wrong time.

The young militia soldiers who heard Sophie’s reminder made them levelheaded. But it was not sufficient, as Sophie knew they needed more confidence instilled in them, or else their regained morale would plummet back to nothing.

The wind started to weaken.

The skeleton soldiers shook their rattling armor and tried to find their balance, preparing to fight back, but Sophie’s voice already instructed the militia to change their tactics.

“Listen well. These low ranked Madara’s soldiers lack intelligence and move slowly. Their greatest weakness presents itself when they turn their body. Do your utmost to follow their sword hand and move towards the left. They have a blind spot there and you can attack safely……

Mackie, partner up with Irene and attack from both sides. Do you know how to cover her? Good, attract the attention of that skeleton, keep up that pace.”

Sophie laid half of his body onto a boulder, staring closely at the battlefield’s situation and instructed them on their next move. It was almost as if his words carried a magic, bringing strength, composure, and calmness to the young militia soldiers.

They were quickly rewarded. Erik broke a skeleton’s thigh bone from slashing its leg from Sophie’s directions, and his partner, Fenris pierced through the skeleton’s skull as a follow-up.

The instant the sword pierce through the skull, the undead creature seemed to let out a gasping sound, the Soul’s Fire in its eye sockets flickered and quickly died.

Sophie’s eyes caught a gold light flying into his chest from the skeleton.

Sophie stared at his chest for a moment. It was different from the previous time, he clearly felt the experience points clearly. But he did not have time to relish that fact as he heard the excited yells from the militia’s victory.

“Heavens, I did it!” Erik could not believe it and yelled as he held his bleeding wounds firmly: “Brendel, how the hell do you know about these things?”

Brendel gave a small smile. His experience came from within the game where he analyzed the enemies with his allies. Even knowing their smallest habits came from harsh lessons; knowledge attained from thousands of battles and deaths in the game.

Bucce’s militia also learned something similar from their training, but they were merely superficial in Sophie’s eyes. If Bucce’s training raised his prowess against the skeleton soldiers by 10%, then his own knowledge would raise beyond 50%.

From the 375th year until the end of the 2nd era, the frequent battles against Madara had made Sophie completely familiar with their lowest ranked skeleton soldiers, to the highest ranked demonic wizards, vampire lords, and even bone dragons.

There was no one in Aouine who understood the undead kingdom more than him, perhaps even the entire continent. After all, the kingdoms in this continent, prior to the first War of the Black Rose, did not have as many intense conflicts with Madara as compared to the future.

The experience that Sophie had in this world was one of his proudest accomplishments in the game. He relied heavily on his knowledge, and it was the only reason that he had the confidence to win this battle.

But he had to finish this task at hand quickly to be safe. The violent whirlwind might have attracted unwanted attention.

His eyes fell upon the necromancer as he contemplated.

This was a difficult enemy.



* * *





Vol.1 Chapter 9




TL: Edited 30/05/2017.

CH 9 – The battle against the Necromancer

A lower ranked necromancer was well versed in two different magic spells, Shadow Shroud and Debilitating Touch.

In the game, black magic was brought about by the Miirna race. They were servants of the Twilight Dragon, and lived in the icy plains of northern Kirrlutz a century before the Era of Chaos.

The Miirna shamans were well versed in Spirit and Dark Shamanic spells. These spells later on, along with all unnatural spells that affected the mind or attacked the body, were classified into black magic.





After the holy crusade, the King of Fire, Gatel, drove these citizens of darkness into the cold north, and it was said from then on no one ever saw them again.

But the Miirna definitely existed. In the Bible of Darkness, the black magic had been passed down to the Shadow Lords of Madara from these demonic race.

But to call Shadow Shroud as Black Magic was a little undeserving of the name. It was merely a type of magic to aid in concealment, and the spells used were able to cover the tracks of a small squad of undead troops.

The skeleton soldiers were not invisible or vanished into thin air, but a mere trick to hide them under dark shadows. It definitely did not make their sounds, scents or other sensory senses other than sight disappear. It was also limited to a certain radius.

During the dark night, these spells naturally became the best cover for Madara’s undead troops, and it was the main reason why Madara’s army had chosen to only move during the night time in history.

As for the Debilitating Touch, Freya and the other militia had already experienced this frightening black magic here.

This evil spell were necromancers’ primary means of attacking and relied on negative energy to invade the minds of the enemies. The stronger the negative emotions the enemies had, the weaker their wills were, and the more damage the spells would do.

Until they were dead.

Debilitating Touch was similar to various other black magic that relied on negative emotions to cause damage.

The necromancers with their cunning and deceptive nature, wielded these two mysterious magic spells and led skeleton soldiers which were stronger than humans without a fighting profession. It appeared as if they were enemies exceedingly difficult to defeat.

But Sophie knew their secret. Necromancers did not have the ability to cast magic. Its true source of power came from the bone staffs in their hands. The bone staff was a powerful magic artifact that belonged to its own individual owner, but once it left their hands it would become an ordinary stick.

With this knowledge at hand, Sophie prepared a strategy to defeat the necromancer.

Following the next defeated skeleton soldier under Sophie’s supervision, the strongest sword fighters, Freya and Irena marched towards the necromancer on both sides.

“Attack its hand! The Dark Shamanic spells are not as mystical as you think,” Sophie pointed out the undying monster’s weakness from behind: “Did you see its gesture? Hinder it from completing the spell and knock the bone staff out of its han—”

That necromancer abruptly raised its head and met Sophie’s eyes, the viridescent flames quivering in hatred. Sophie choked up, his throat drying up as though it was being burned. He knew that the necromancer was starting to focus on him, but he tried to shrug off the unnerving feeling quickly, as he knew it was impossible for the necromancer to bypass the militia and attack him.

Nevertheless, the terrifying chill from the creature’s gaze forced him to halt his instructions, and he waited for Freya and Irene to rob its concentration away.





The necromancer gave a ghastly laugh and shook the bone staff. Darkness covered it completely as if it was being submerged by a wave of water. When Irene’s long sword pierced into it, there was nothing but thin air. The necromancer had vanished at the very same spot.

“What?” The girl was stunned.

Sophie’s expression did not change at all; he was too familiar with what it can do: “To your left, Irene!”

She did not react to his voice in time.

But Freya who rushed over slashed through the air with her sword, a straight silver line that seemed to illuminate the area, and when it reached the place where Sophie had directed, the necromancer stumbled backward in dismay.

Everyone saw the shadow-like figure revealing itself after retreating.

“Human!!! Who are you! You are not part of the militia at all!” The screaming voice was a frenzied rage, and its expression appeared to be in utter agitation.

It was impossible for a militia to know this much, and part of what Sophie said only circulated amongst the Madara’s undead necromancers.

But Sophie kept his silence, and Freya’s sword followed up again. The green lights in the necromancer’s eye sockets danced wildly, it raised the bone staff to parry the sword in hatred.

A necromancer possessed 1.7 OZ worth of strength and Freya did not have a higher strength than Brendel, thus her attack was easily steered to one side, and she stumbled forward a few steps before she was able to stop. She subconsciously held against her left shoulder and grimaced.

The injury from the arrow earlier seemed to be reopened.

“Captain Freya, let Mackie attack it instead, your injury……” Irene shouted out as she defended against the necromancer.

Mackie and Fenris charged over to them.

“Fenris, I want you to back off!” But Freya cut off his path and shouted at the inexperienced brat with a fierce command.

“But I’m also a soldier!” The adolescent shouted in defiance.

“Back off, did you hear what I said!?”

Fenris’s face flushed red with fury but he did not dare to go against Freya’s order. She had always been the leader amongst them with a kind heart and resolution in her actions. Everyone was content with her as the leader.

Sophie shook his head in disapproval. The battlefield was not a place to have a squabble.

“The four of you are to attack the necromancer together.” He said simply.

“Mister Brendel, you—!” Freya was at a loss for words as she looked back furiously. The young Romaine stood beside the youth who was lying on the boulder. She looked at Freya innocently and blinked.

[This damn girl, she already defected to his side?!]

Freya fumed inwardly.

“A necromancer is a difficult enemy to deal with, and the four of you are just sufficient to cover each other’s backs.” Sophie answered in a serious manner.

“But little Fenris—”

“Is also part of the militia.”

Freya bit her lips. Mackie and Irene were steadily losing ground from the necromancer’s attack. If the undead creature found a chance to cast a spell, the squad would lose another member. It was something that she could not stand for. She nodded reluctantly as she thought through the possibility.

“Alright.”

“Praise the Gods! Brendel, you’re too amazing!” Little Fenix cried triumphantly and readied his longsword immediately.

But Freya grabbed his cuff from behind and issued an order: “You are going to follow closely to me, and never go out of my sword arm’s radius. Do you understand?!”

“Oooh……” He replied with disappointment.

The situation was reversed when both Freya and little Fenix joined the battle. Irene and Freya were outstanding fighters in their militia batch, and surprisingly little Fenris was not any weaker. He was decisive and accurate with a strong inclination to attack, and unlike Aouine’s military swordsmanship which pursued balance in both offense and defense, his style seemed to resemble Kirrlutz’s aggressive sword techniques.





Sophie gave a high evaluation to him. If Fenris reached Brendel’s age, he would probably be as good as him at using the sword.

Sophie mused over the possibility where Brendel did not die. Even though he mocked him when he first came to this world, if Brendel continued to grow in the upcoming battles, he would have most likely become as brilliant as Freya. It was as if he was born to fight when he handled himself against the skeleton.

[Unfortunately, there was such a thing called fate, and there were no ‘ifs’ in history.]

The battle between the militia and the necromancer relied heavily on Sophie’s input. It was as though Sophie saw through every move of the necromancer, and even the smallest plan it had was pointed out.

What was the necromancer going to do?

Why was the necromancer moving right?

Was it preparing a spell?

When should it be interrupted?

The necromancer grew more and more appalled. The undead did not feel fear but the necromancer felt at a loss on how to respond. At the very end, it was screaming: “Who are you! An undead shaman! Or a black knight!”

The uttered sentences were exchanged for Freya’s unforgiving strike. The claw-like fingers that were gripping the bone staff flew up and it gave a shrill scream. The green fire in its sunken eye sockets dimmed like it was a candle flame in the winds.

“Wretched humans……..”

The battle finally ended with Mackie’s orthodox strike with his sword. The necromancer had exhausted itself considerably before the loss of its hands and bone staff, and it wailed in frustration as the bright sword pierced through its skull.

Its Soul Fire exploded from its body.

It was the final counter attack from this creature, but Sophie had already warned them preemptively. Only Irene who was a little slow at evading had her right hand singed a little.

The final two skeleton soldiers that remained were destroyed by the rest of the militia. Only one of the militia was wounded from the skeleton soldiers, and the forest was finally restored to its former peace. The wind blew across the forest, causing the leaves to rustle gently.

Everyone stopped and looked at each other. Their faces were full of disbelief, including Freya. They actually won against a necromancer and four skeleton soldiers.

Mackie’s sword was the first fall onto the floor with a clang, and it set off a chain reaction. Everyone hugged each other together, shouting and yelling, and even some of them cried out loudly to vent their emotions. The merchant girl also seemed to be relieved.

To survive such an ordeal made their feelings ran high.

But Sophie was unperturbed. He raised his head and saw three golden lights flew into his chest from the darkness. Nobody seemed to notice this, even Romaine who was beside him.

[Hmmm. I’m the only one who can see it?]

Sophie felt a little puzzled.

He glanced at his surroundings once and opened his character window at the same time without thinking. He did the same things like he did in ‘The Amber Sword’, opening his character window once a battle was over.

The green lines of data appeared immediately in his retina.

Strength 1.1, Agility 2.0 , Physique 1.0 Intelligence 1.1, Will 1.3, Perception 1.0

Overall power rating 3.5, Element (Sealed)

Brendel, Male Human, Level 1 (Strength type body: Physical, Close combat; Talent: Unyielding)

XP: 4 (Commoner level 1 ———, Civilian Soldier level 2, 6/10)

Health (Weakened, dying): 10% (Bandaged status, 1 HP will be recovered every day)

Skills (Empty slot skill 1 XP)

Commoner [Basic knowledge (Level 1), Geography Knowledge (Level 0), Local knowledge (Level 1)]

Civilian Soldier [Military Swordsmanship (Level 1), Grappling techniques (Level 1), Tactical Theory (Level 0), Military Organization (Level 0)]

He noted the change from his strength and physique. This meant he received the increase from the ‘Civilian soldier’ profession.

The Overall Power Rating increased by 2.5. The Ring of the Wind Empress granted a 1.0 increase in agility, and the rest of the increase came from his corresponding stats from his militia profession.

He had gained 4 XP from four skeleton soldiers and one necromancer. It was half of what he should have received. Sophie thought for a while before concluding it as a ‘Team penalty’.

[This is total bullshit! Why the heck would there be something like this in reality?]

He made snide remarks in his mind but felt it was pointless after a while. Compared to the fact that he teleported to a parallel world, it was even more ridiculous.

[It’s good that my suspension of disbelief is amazing…..] He rubbed his forehead as he felt a little headache.

Sophie stared at the ‘Civilian soldier’ level and hesitated. He truthfully did not want to invest experience points in this profession. The profession was pretty much garbage to him, and he had always viewed it a NPC-only profession.





Now in this life here, he could not have thought that he would actually spend experience points on it.

[I even chose the talent point Unyielding! There are so many talents for a Warrior, and I picked one of the worst talents. And I’m stuck with a trash profession.]

It was a skill that allowed him to be immune from fatal wounds, but he only had five minutes to act on, unless he received a healing spell powerful enough to restore him. He also had not seen any restoratives even though it was so plentiful in the game.

But he did not waste too much time regretting as it did save his life.

He was unable to find another profession right now and yet he urgently required more power to survive through the war. He had no choice but to continue walking down this damnable path of the profession ‘Civilian soldier’. He felt depressed for a while.

He was musing over his character screen when he stood up suddenly.

[Aouine. This is a doomed kingdom within the game, and in Brendel’s memory, this is the ‘Year of Bustling Summer Leaves and Flowers’. This is the first year in the game’s opening. I have knowledge of the future. I was able to prevent the militia from getting killed with my leadership. I….. might be able to change this kingdom’s fate.]

His body trembled when he realized this fact. Indeed, no one was more familiar with what was going to happen in this world. As one who did not succeed in doing well in his past life and escaped reality by hiding in the gaming world, what was he going to do in this world to make up for it?

He stared blankly at the virtual data reflected on his retinas and could not help but ask himself:

[Isn’t this a world you’re hoping for? To save Aouine from tragedy?]



* * *





Vol.1 Chapter 10




TL: Edited 30/05/2017. Edit: Decided to change Fenix to Fenris.

CH 10 – Emergency first aid in the battlefield

Sophie stared at his character stats in a daze. There was a glowing stat there.

[It’s fine…… Even if I leave that world, I have no regrets left behind there. Right, I should concentrate on my situation now. One step at a time, what should I do with my ability points?]

The 10 AP (ability points) he got when he raised his level should be used as soon as possible. Under the dire situation now, even the slightest improvement in power was an improvement over nothing. It appeared to him that increasing the sword rank or a combat-related skill was a pretty good choice. Anyone else would probably have chosen this option. Still, he hesitated as he had thought of something else.





He dismissed the character window in his mind, and it faded from his retina. He raised his head to look at the militia, only to find them still reveling from the victory earlier. He stiffened for a moment before he shook his head with an austere expression.

This was a terrible sign.

He gestured to Romaine to help him move towards the group, before raising his voice and asked: “Do you all really think you are safe now?”

His voice was not loud, but everyone present had their voices silenced, and the forest became quiet enough to the point where one can hear a pin drop.

Sophie’s authority was still in their minds. The young militia had not forgotten who directed them to victory.

The earlier warning he had given had turned to reality.

They suddenly became self-aware and realized it was certainly not the time to celebrate. Their lives were practically controlled by Madara’s undead troops, and yet they had the time to make merry. They felt a surreal feeling creeping over them as they realized this fact.

Thus everyone stopped and cast their gazes on him. Sophie was currently very weak, but there seemed to be an air about him that would lead them to victory.

Everyone believed that.

Even Freya sighed quietly. This was supposed to be her responsibility, but she and her subordinates were not able to control their emotions. She had forgotten that she was even the leader and the responsibilities that came along with it.

The ponytail girl showed pangs of regret when she became aware of that.

“Bandage your wounds, clean up the battlefield, and remember what you have learned in your training. Do you really need me to remind you?” Sophie also sighed. These headless chickens were more of a newbie than a newbie could ever be. It was fortunate that their stats were better than a normal NPC.

He rubbed his forehead.

The young soldiers of Bucce started to move. They stanched the wounded soldiers’ bleeding, swept up the battlefield, and took the swords and armor from the skeleton soldiers. Their chain armors were much better than their leather armor in protection.

Another person extinguished the campfire under Sophie’s instruction. Sophie wanted to knock his head against a tree when he gave the order. They actually lit a fire in the enemy’s rear position.

Freya originally wanted to see what she could help with as Brendel was not familiar with them after all. But she soon realized that it was completely unnecessary, and no matter what he did, he had done things far better than what she had considered doing.

She could not help but fidget with her hair, her mind was full of questions; They were both militias, but was there so much of a difference between Bruglas and Bucce?

[How could this be?]

Freya had always thought the people that came from the city could not be any better than they were, she started to feel dejected in front of the youth called Brendel.

On the other hand, Romaine did not care about her situation too much and happily went along with the others to gather the loot. It looked like the future merchant girl was only interested in selling them.

Sophie glanced at the cheeky kid whose name was little Fenris when he went over to the unconscious Jonathon.

“What about Jonathon?” Fenix asked everyone.

This question made everyone look at each other. A strange silence spread everywhere.

Indeed, he was one of the youths in the village, and could even be seen as having a close relationship with all of them. Jonathon was the timidest amongst them, but they still did not expect he would do something like this.

Even though he had no choice, his action was equivalent to a betrayal and it hurt them. It was as if their innocent friendship had cracked, and showed how distrust between humans came about.





Freya also had no idea to repair the relationship between them. She was also deeply hurt. Even if she wanted to speak up for him and protect everyone in the militia, she had no confidence to persuade the others.

And if she spoke, she might force them into a decision and there would be no chance for them to remain as friends.

Everyone in the militia held the same viewpoint. They were just naive teenagers, and they were straightforward and weak at the same time. They cast their eyes on the only outsider here as they hesitated.

And Sophie sighed.

“Miss Freya?” He asked her.

“I, I don’t know……”

“Then bandage him. We don’t know if we are even capable of stopping the bleeding, perhaps he will die before tomorrow’s sunrise.” Sophie sighed again.

Everyone exhaled with relief at the same time. It was Sophie’s order and they just needed to follow it. It was an excuse to run away but even humans needed to escape from time to time.

On the other side, Sophie beckoned to Freya to come over. She looked puzzledly at him but came over.

“You know how to perform first aid, Miss Freya?” Sophie asked.

“Just call me Freya,” She nodded: “I learned a little, from Captain Marden.”

[Captain Marden?! The heck, that old dude also teaches first aid here!?] Sophie nearly choked.

In the game, the first NPC that taught emergency first aid in the Grinoires region was a Doctor Borg from Fortress Riedon. That NPC would give a mission to collect fifty bundles of flaxseed before teaching the skill, and the majority of the gamers considered it to be a major pain in the neck; to the point where they immediately skipped the quest and went to Bruglas to learn it instead, where they simply needed to pay ten silver coins to the Holy Cathedral of Fire there.

Even though the market price of 50 bundles of Flaxseed was a small difference compared to the ten silver coins, it was much more troublesome to acquire them.

[This is an undiscovered secret!]

Sophie got all excited at learning something new, but suddenly realized he could not go back to his old world.

His excitement quickly died down but still asked her with enthusiasm: “Can you teach me a little?”

Freya took a deep breath, gritted her teeth and glared angrily at him. The bastard had just told her she was unskilled at bandaging earlier.

But she was not a petty person to get her revenge back, so she thought for a while before asking: “What do you want to know……”

“The important things to take note of and the way how to wrap them.”

Freya did not reply immediately and went over to his side to check on the girl who fainted near Romaine. The latter had abandoned her with a face of excitement when she went to gather the loot.

The girl did not seem to have sustained any other injuries and only fainted.

Freya turned back to look at the pale youth and hesitated for a while.

“Let me take a look at your injury.”

“That’s fine, I know my injury well enough.”

“You—”

“Enough, what exactly did you learn from Marden?” Sophie changed the topic.

“…… Mainly on how to wash the wound, to stop the bleeding and bandage it.”

Sophie’s heart suddenly skipped a beat. It was something from within his soul, not a voice or words, but he clearly received a message:

‘Freya is teaching you the skill ‘Emergency first aid’ and requires 8 AP to learn it. Do you wish to learn the skill?’

He exhaled slowly.

[Holy s— I want this! And it even appears just like the same format as the game, of course I want to learn this!]

The Emergency First-Aid skill had the ability to stop bleeding and prevent the infection of wounds. It was a skill that ignored the surroundings and raised the chances to succeed compared to a random bandaging and was something that he urgently needed. Only the army priests from the Holy Cathedral of Fire were able to perform this skill and it was virtually unheard of for a militia to know about it.

He accepted to learn it and a message immediately came back:

“There is no suitable profession found for learning emergency first aid, which profession do you wish to assign the skill to?”

Sophie placed the skill under the Civilian Soldier profession. Unsuitable professions would take twice as much AP to raise a level. However, the Commoner’s profession was stuck at level 1 and skills cannot be leveled higher than a profession’s level.

Freya taught the skill in detail to him, but she quickly realized he was staring at her blankly without any reaction.

She blinked once before fury burst up from her heart.

[You’re trying to find an excuse to take advantage of me you bastard!]

The young girl’s hands curled into fists and she became so angry that even her ponytail trembled.

[How could you do something like this to Romaine, she had her heart practically given to you!]

She tried her best to curb her anger and waved her hands in front of Sophie but there was no reaction. If she did not consider him to be an injured person she would have sent a flying kick over. But right at this moment, Sophie’s eyes blinked as he regained his senses.





He checked his skill set again and was satisfied from learning the skill. At least he would have the confidence to navigate through the future battles.

It was an important requirement to have the ability to heal the team members. He was one who planned ahead and thus abandoned the idea of learning sword skills or combat abilities. But when he came back to his senses he saw Freya’s displeased expression.

“What’s wrong?” He looked puzzledly at her.

“Were you listening?” The girl asked through her gritted teeth.

“Of course, and I already learned it already.” Sophie answered naturally.

“You-” Freya nearly fainted from the lack of breath. “I have not even finished teaching, and you already learned it?” She glared at him with a severe lack of trust.

“Of course.”

Freya wanted to punch him in the eye. When she wanted to argue back at him, someone shouted from the sides.

“Captain Freya. We can’t stop Jonathon’s bleeding, could you come over quickly and take a look?”

Freya was about to set off but Sophie said: “This is a good time, how about letting me do it?”

“You?”

Freya’s face was of great distrust.

“Help me over.”

“D, don’t overdo things.”





“Then I’ll ask Miss Romaine to help me over?”

“In your dreams, I’ll never let her near you ever again, you shameless lout!” Freya snapped in refusal but still helped him up.

“Shameless lout?” Sophie paused blankly, not understanding why he got yelled at.

“You know what you did.”

“Huh?”



* * *





Vol.1 Chapter 11




TL: Edited July 31 2017.



Chapter 11 – The two factions’ resolve

============ Tarkus’s POV =============

The light within the living hall which was occupied at the last minute brightened and then dimmed. Part of the candles’ flames was intentionally extinguished. The dim light illuminated the deep gashes on the wooden floor.

In the remote corner, a silent and chilly atmosphere seemed to fill the air.





The figures that were sitting down could not get used to the light from the remaining candles, but as long as the middle-aged male leader who had a pale face and wore an eye patch did not speak, none of them dared to utter even one sound.

If Sophie were here, he would have recognized this man, simply because the latter’s appearance did not change much even after a decade.

That pale man was the right hand of ‘Black Lord Incirsta’; the Vampire Lord, One-eyed Tarkus. He was a member of the Rhein family, and belonged to the Vampires’ fourteen generation. He was considered to be young amongst them, but he was a true veteran in Madara’s army.

In comparison, Incirsta, was still like a greenhorn, but that sentiment did not matter to Tarkus, as it merely marked the beginning of their cooperation with him.

Tarkus looked at the skeleton soldiers bringing out the stacks of papers and books from the study. He took a moment to watch them before turning back and spoke to the necromancer: “Speak. What report did Rothko want to inform me when he left you behind?”

“Esteemed General Tarkus, my master found a human scout in the village’s manor.” The necromancer bowed his head and answered in a raspy voice.

“And?” He glanced at the necromancer once, and his gaze went back to the Strategic Map that laid open on the table.

“He escaped.”

Several disdainful laughs rose from the surroundings.

The vampire general lifted his head, and the faint laughter was immediately silenced. He paused for a while, before saying: “I understand; Rothko did very well. But I want him to do better the next time and not waste time on these types of needless distractions. I want him to advance to the Beldor Forest before noon.”

The necromancer nodded respectfully and left.

But once it left, there were voices of dissent in the room. This time it was a giant skeleton covered in an old brass armor, the dark yellow flames flitting in its eye sockets with fury:

“Lord Tarkus, it is possible that this scout has discovered our plans–”





It opened and closed its mouth, but the air that escaped from its hyoid bone suddenly ceased. That was because Tarkus was staring at it with his remaining left eye, and made it stop subconsciously.

A burst of quiet laughter erupted around him, and the mockery contained within the laughs made the flames in his eyes dance with regret.

“Kabias.”

“Yes!” The giant skeleton immediately held his chest high to show he was alert and answered.

“Take this location down.” Tarkus’s fingers pointed to a village on the map.

“Before sunrise,” he pointed to the roof: “I want to see results.”

“Yes, Lord Tarkus.”

“Wesker, Ebdon.”

“Yes!” The two voices replied at the same time.

“I want you both to attack Verbin and seal off the Dagger River.”

“Yes, Lord Tarkus.”

“Raven’s Beak.”

“Yes!”

“I’ll give you two small squadrons, search and clear this area.”

“Yes!”

Tarkus raised his head from the map and looked coldly at every one of them: “All of you are nobles from Madara. I want everyone to swiftly and elegantly accomplish my every order, precisely as I tell you to. Fortress Riedon, this is our next target.”

He stood up and placed his pallid right hand over his left shoulder: “Madara will be victorious.”

The undead all stood up as well and said gravely: “Madara will be victorious!”

Tarkus lowered his head, and his gaze fell upon the map once more. He looked at Bucce’s southern red pine forest, then to the Green village and Beldor forest, to Fortress Riedon and upwards, finally to the River of Jagged Rocks.

[A human scout?]





He gave a scornful laugh.



============ Brendel’s POV =============

Right at the same time, with the full moon at its peak in the pine forest.

There were no wolves howling in the mountainous region. A chilly wind started blowing in the forest, which seemed to pierce through the branches as if they were made out of smoke, and everyone shivered from the creeping cold behind their backs. The youths of Bucce had never spent the night in the wilds, and the darting shadows in this foggy forest made them jumpy. Each shadow that moved was like a frightening monster in their eyes.

But a single voice calmed them.

“Hold this part down.”

“Yes, continue doing this.”

“Water.”

“Pass me the bandage.”

“Hold it down firmly.”

Sophie gave a long sigh of relief and wiped off the perspiration of his brows when it was finally done.

He was relieved to see a faint green color of [+2] floating from Jonathon’s body.

With his emergency first aid skill reaching ‘Level 0’, the recovery effect from bandaging naturally improved as well. There was practically no difference compared to the game, but every indication that popped up made him feel at ease.

The instruction that he meted out, cleaning the wounds, preventing infection, stopping the bleeding, bandaging and the finer details and techniques, he taught Mackie and Neberto thoroughly. He was in no condition to do it himself, and his own body was just slightly better than Jonathon.

As Neberto finished the last step, Sophie lifted his head up to find everyone staring at him in astonishment.

A professional.

They only had this conclusion.

Even little Fenris looked back at Freya earnestly and said: “Captain Freya, it seems that compared to your skills, you are quite the amateur.”

Freya looked on with an ashen face.

[Indeed, indeed, this shameless cad found excuses to approach near me! Hehehe, hahahaha!]

Her heart ended up concluding this outcome in a fury and looked worriedly at Romaine, but she only saw her smug face counting the victory loot on the ground that was taken.

[This damn lass…!]

…….

Only Sophie himself knew that his knowledge came from the skill ‘Emergency First Aid’. Whenever he looked at this skill, the knowledge to perform each step appeared in his mind. And in his memories, the emergency first aid skill came from the first three chapters of [Grierson’s holy bible]. The contents of the three chapters discussed the techniques to bandage. And it so happened that Sophie knew Grierson from within the game, who was Bruglas’s current Grand Priest.

Since he had already read the contents of the book at least a hundred times, his familiarity with it was like a pro-gamer priest opening a smurf account performing bandaging.

Sadly, he had to pay the price when he became a smurf. (TL: The price is Freya’s ire. Also, smurf means an experienced player creating a new account to trick people that he’s a newbie.)

On the other hand, Sophie quickly realized that Bucce’s third squadron consisted of ten members, including Freya. He knew Mackie, Irene, Erik and little Fenris.

Then there was Neberto and Vlad. These two brothers were citizens from the mountainous forced to move from the Bora region. They inherited the native feature of a taciturn behavior and did more work than they talked.

There was Jonathon who was in a coma and unlikely to wake up.

Finally, there was daydreaming merchant Romaine and the girl that was with her that time. Sophie later knew that she was the daughter of a baker in the town. Her name was Bella, with a gentle, shy deposition, but at the very least she was a good girl who was kind from the bottom of her heart.

This was the crew that Sophie had to lead.

[They seem like outstanding youths, but they are really newbies amongst newbies. They don’t know what to do next.]

So he considered for a moment before he spoke: “What plans do you have?”

All the smiles vanished, and there was stillness in the air.

“Let’s go to Fortress Riedon,” Irene suggested after a while.

“That’s right; Captain Marden will definitely go there.” Erik followed up next.

He had expected they would say that. And he shook his head.

He looked at them and saw the uncertain expressions on their faces as if they were helpless to what might happen tomorrow. Freya appeared to fare slightly better, but her white knuckles that gripped her sword tightly betrayed her true feelings.

Only Romaine said as if it was the most obvious thing: “I’m with Brendel.”

This reply made Sophie felt like laughing in frustration, but her straightforward reply garnered his goodwill. The youth paused for a while before saying: “Very well, I do agree that the most important thing to do now is to leave this area.”

“And that means you have something that you disagree right?” Freya asked.

Sophie nodded: “Does anyone has a map?”

Everyone looked at each other. Who would have this? Even though they were called militia, they listened to the leader of the guards most of the time. If one cut through the sophism, they were just a backup squadron.

Sophie also realized his mistake. Without the permission from the Holy Cathedral in Aouine, someone possessing a map would be treated as a spy and ‘handled appropriately’. He kept treating himself as a parallel world traveler and forgot that he was already a member in this world.

And there would never be another so-called ‘player’ here.

“The guards…… should have that…..” Mackie stuttered behind the crowd.

[Duh. Isn’t that obvious.]

Sophie shook his head and sighed. He looked back at the merchant girl: “Romaine, give me a sword.”

“Here, Brendel.”

Sophie took the sword and drew two lines on the ground.

“This is Webster River. This is the Pine River.”

He poked between the lines a few times: “This is Bucce, the Green village, and Verbin.”

He drew up a summary with a few simple strokes, but the youths once again felt their horizons were broadened. It seemed that no one could compare with Brendon’s grasp of the world.

“Aren’t these the three towns?” Bella covered her mouth in surprise.





“This is amazing, so our surroundings are like this.” Erik’s looks to Sophie were nearly of worship.

“So Bucce is here right?”

“Brendel, how do you know so much?” Everyone started talking excitedly. They could not suppress their curiosity.

[Of course I know. If I don’t, I might as well find a tofu and knock myself to death with it.]

But he could not respond with sarcasm here, so he deliberately said: “Did you not learn how to read a Strategy Map?”

[[[Strategy Map? What was that? Mother Marsha above, even Bruglas militia had to learn this too?]]]

Everyone looked vacantly at each other.

Stars filled everyone’s eyes as they looked at Sophie with deep respect.

But his heart was drowning in mirth. This was something that not even the officers in the regular army forces might know, and it was pretty much impossible for a militia to learn this. He continued his lie and just pointed at the intersection of the two rivers:

“This is Fortress Riedon.”

“Oh, this is Fortress Riedon?” Romaine asked curiously.

“What’s wrong?” Sophie clearly heard giggles from his surroundings, and he asked them.

“It’s like this, Brendel. Romaine envied the merchants who went to Fortress Riedon when she was young. She complained every day and said she wanted to become a merchant. One day she ran off saying that she’s going to accomplish a grand business in Fortress Riedon, and you know what-” Little Fenris immediately betrayed her and stopped at the cliffhanger.

Low murmuring laughs sprang up.

“And?” Sophie asked.

“Haha, she lost her way in the forest, and it was Uncle Cecil who went looking for her—” Little Fenris snorted loudly with a laugh.

“N-nothing of that sort happened.” Romaine’s eyebrows were way up in her forehead.

Sophie looked at the merchant girl and thought she had not learned this lesson well enough.

“Alright, let’s get back to the serious topic. Why do you want to go to Fortress Riedon?” He arranged his emotions and continued asking.

“There are troops there.”

“Captain Marden will be there.”

“My uncle will also be there.” Everyone’s tongue started wagging again, but basically what they meant to say was this: Their relatives were separated temporarily and might have gone to Fortress Riedon, so why would they not go there?

Sophie had trouble refuting their reply. It was normal for them to believe it was so, and who would abandon their own relatives? But he also knew that the people who fled from Bucce were very likely to be caught by Madara’s army. Going to Fortress Riedon now was most certainly heading into a trap.

He knew that they had to reach the Beldor Forest before the ‘Death God’ Kabias did, then proceed to the Dagger River before Vlad and Ebdon. From there, they had to enter the Forest of Hunted Deer, brushing by the Incirsta’s main army, reaching Ankries and inform the guards of Incirsta’s troops that were advancing.

This was the only way to keep this militia alive and prevent Aouine from being defeated as badly as the original history.

But how was he supposed to tell them?

[Forget it. I’ll just do the same thing as before. I’ll take one step at a time.]

He rubbed his throbbing temples, and changed his mind: “Very well, we can head towards Fortress Riedon and consider our next move.”

He looked up and met Freya’s worried eyes. She apparently did not believe too much of what he said.

“Ser Brendel?”

“Nothing, it’s just a prediction. Perhaps there might be some changes to the situation.” He smiled at her, but inwardly sighed with great reluctance.

Reality was cruel. It was not up to him to choose when he was so weak. He would have certainly tried his best to think of something, if there was another chance.

[You, why are you always so naive?]

He derided himself.



* * *





Vol.1 Chapter 12




TL: Edited 31 July 2017.



Chapter 12 – The lake’s reflection

Both factions spent the night in high tension.

Tarkus waited for his plans to attacks to unfold, while Brendel was worried that he was unable to gauge how much time was left. Madara’s army and the eleven youths from Bucce moved through the silent darkness, their destinies closely intertwining while they moved away from each other.

Eventually, the sun rose. The first ray of light hit the ground to indicate it was morning, and time seemed to pass by in a flash before they realized it.

The militia did not encounter even the most common brown bears in this region as they traveled for hours, and they appeared to be safe from enemies.

Afternoon came.

The militia in front of Brendel parted the obstacles in front of them with the blades whistling through the air, as he squinted his eyes. The golden sunlight seemed to pierce through the dense vegetation. He followed the voice and looked up from the stretcher he was in, and the surface of the scenery in front of him looked like a mirror, with the reflection of light entering into his eyes.





A lake.

It was like a dazzling emerald that was placed here with the surface shimmering in the midst of trees and mountains.

“Look, it’s a lake!” Little Fenix shouted in surprise.

Freya rewarded him with a smack to his head, making him cry out in pain.

They were not traveling to relax, and everyone had to be more cautious as they might meet Madara’s army anytime. Brendel explained they were safe the entire night because there was no Strategic Value in this vicinity.

As to what Strategic Value meant, the young girl did not know.

The youth that came from Bruglas always seemed to know more things than everyone else. Even though she was not content with that fact, she grudgingly came to accept it.

She wondered if every other youth in the city was as brilliant as he was.

[This world is so unfair—]

Under their silent movements, Freya had transited from one extreme end to another. She could not help but feel a little jealous. If she had trained in Bruglas along with the other militia, she might be able to do better than this shameless cad.

Except that the truth was there was no Bruglas’s militia training camp. Brendel trained in Dragaz. Sophie did not mention about where Brendel originally trained, as he needed to maintain a facade to gain the youths’ confidence to lead them out of this impossible situation.

He decided that he had to call himself as Brendel from now forth.

[This girl might be able to do it in the future, but she isn’t capable of leading the militia out from this situation right now.]

Brendel looked at Freya as he contemplated things. The girl with the ponytail was observing the surroundings, and she hesitated for a while, before finally relaxing the grip on her sword and exhaled.

“We’ll take a break here.” Freya gave the order after confirming there was no danger.

Everyone relaxed at the same time.

“I almost died!”

“I’m going to bet I won’t do anything but sleep at Fortress Riedon.”

“We can discuss all we want to do when we actually reach there.”





“Shut up Irene!” Their voices could be heard in the forest. Even though they tried to keep their voices low, every sentence was uttered with a rush of delight.

They were just too tired.

A single night was not a long time, but their high tension was something akin to torture. They traveled through the forest under the dim starlight with immense pressure from the life-and-death situations that might occur anytime.

It was so dark that they could not see their fingers properly, and the only thing that accompanied them was the sounds from flying insects and the occasional owl hoots in the forest.

They moved across endless trees in the darkness with a somber mood on them, and it was as if silent spirits hovered over everyone. The chilly atmosphere made them even tenser.

It was always an unknown mystery what was behind the dense vegetation, and the bedtime stories that depicted the monsters in the mountain did not help at all.

When dawn finally broke and the cold atmosphere finally disappearing, everyone appeared as if they had been hoisted out of the water. Their faces were pale with clammy perspiration on their forehead. Even Brendel was not an exception. In the past, he had obviously slept on a comfortable bed, away from wars and lived in a peaceful land, but he was now on a stretcher listening to all sorts of strange and scary noises from his surroundings.

Especially in this darkness where the leaves frequently brushed past his face, and unknown insects crawling on his neck.

Once he thought about doing this for the next whole week, he nearly flipped out. He wanted desperately to go back to his former life, even if he did appear cowardly, he wanted to go back to his former peace.

He swore to an enthusiastic oath to save the kingdom, but his passion came and died quickly. However, when he saw Freya’s exhaustion and worried demeanor, he stopped his chaotic thoughts and calmed down.

Because he was being relied on.

He realized he needed to throw away the identity of Sophie and accept his new life. He touched his own chest and realized the one who died was not Brendel, but Sophie.

It was not him that accepted this world, but this world that accommodated him.

Brendel’s stretcher was placed beside the lake, and he could see colored pebbles not far from him. He checked Jonathon’s status. He miraculously lived through the ordeal, but his condition was not optimistic.

“How is he?” Mackie asked.

“Uncertain.” Brendel shook his head.

Mackie became quiet and stared at the lake and threw pebbles into it.

This river was called the Crystal Lake, and by reaching this place, it meant that they were very close to the Green village. However, the only one that knew where they were going was Brendel. The youth stared in another direction and saw a few faint signs of grey smoke.

It looked like Kebias had already attacked the village. Its fate was no different from Bucce. The speed at which Madara attacked was incredibly quick, and it was no different from his memories within the game.

Brendel still remembered about this lake, and he took a look at the other end. The trees were dense and dark under the high mountains, but he saw familiar shadows lurking nearby.

He remembered that he spent a considerable time in this area hunting brown bears and foxes, and subconsciously smiled while recalling the days where he sold the hides in-game to earn money.

He took back his hand that was on Jonathon’s head and spoke to Mackie: “Help me out with something.”

“To do what?” Mackie said.

“Help me take out my bandages, I want to change it,” Brendel said.

He had earlier asked Romaine to distribute the sausages that he took from his home, and everyone had the chance to taste the well-known sausage from the Grinoires region.





He was exasperated to find that none of this militia actually thought about taking some rations with them when they escaped from Bucce. Even the reliable Freya did not think this point through as well.

The remaining food they had was just a long roll of sausage.

“Let’s talk about what you saw when you left Bucce, so that we can understand more about the enemy to– Shit, Mackie, not so forcefully.” He hurt so much that his eyebrows trembled.

Freya sighed when she saw this scene: “I’ll do it, move away, Mackie.”

Brendel looked on in surprise as the girl with the long ponytail walked right to him. She lowered her and carefully removed the bandages.

“Is there a problem to distribute all the food like this?” She hesitated for a while before asking quietly.

“What problem?”

[This bastard obviously know what I’m talking about!]

Freya gritted her teeth in annoyance, but Brendel found it funny when this kind hearted girl did not dare to make any sudden movements with her hands.

“You know what I’m talking about right? We’re not going to Fortress Riedon?” Freya lowered her voice to a whisper that almost could not well-known.

Brendel studied Freya carefully, and he thought that long ponytail with its light brown color suited her very well. He thought for a moment and asked: “Your aunt and uncle should be in another party right?”

Freya hands stopped as she buried her head downwards.

“Sorry,” Brendel sighed: “If there’s a chance, I’ll do something about it. But I can’t guarantee anything and shoulder this responsibility. It’s too big.”

“Thank you.”

It was a hushed reply.

“Captain Freya, Brother Brendel, what are you guys muttering to each other?” Little Fenix’s voice rang out with awful timing. He was sitting under a tree and looking curiously at the two. Freya was someone he had always admired, and Brendel was his new idol.

His words successfully attracted everyone’s attention and turned over at the same time to look at them.

Freya’s face turned crimson, as she realized he was too close to the cad, and stepped backward to explain: “N-nothing, j-just discussing……” Unfortunately, this innocent girl did not understand that it was better not to explain herself, but with her retreating step and explanation, everyone had their own foregone conclusion.

Especially that blushing face, when did the captain ever became shy?

Romaine rubbed her sleepy eyes and sat up. She seemed to have just noticed what happened. Even though Freya was afraid she might misunderstand something, she tried to signal her for help, but the merchant girl had her head in the clouds and smiled freely: “It’s fine Freya.”

“You, too, Romaine—” The girl with the pony tail could not finish her sentence, and her words seemed to choke.





She glared at Romaine, and wanted to march up to her and strangle this damn girl.

But Brendel noticed a worried gaze over to him from the youth Neberto. He was slightly taken back. Could Neberto be interested in Freya?

[If you lack bravery that would not cut it.] He shook his head.

“Alright that’s enough,” He interrupted everyone: “I’m discussing the question of food distribution with your captain.”

Brendel’s words were like the natural authority from a lord, and everyone stopped and focused their attention on him.

[So Miss Romaine, can you explain why are you looking at me with shining eyes? Are you looking for loot?] He shook his head for the umpteen time.

He continued: “This amount of food, it’s not enough to feed everyone even if we ration it. Besides, we need to keep our strength up to handle any enemies we encounter.”

“But-” Freya only said one word and saw Brendel shaking his head at her.

“The Green village is not far ahead, and we can travel there to find something to eat. The undead doesn’t require food, and it originally belonged to us humans. We have the right to take it back.” He said.

“The green village? Isn’t it overrun with Madara’s troops?” Erik was sitting on the ground when he asked. His injuries on his legs were bandaged with the help of Brendel, and he had nearly recovered.

The bandaging effect was a hidden recovery value. It would slow down after a period of time to indicate that the bandages needed changing. The time to recover HP was nearly a day in this world, so a change of bandages was only necessary until then.

“Of course there are enemies. But we are moving in a small group, and we might not encounter them directly.” Brendel answered. He had established an escape route and was prepared.

“A small group, you mean we’re sneaking in?” Little Fenix became interested.

“Yes, I’m going to pick a few to go along with me.” Brendel nodded, and he looked at everyone: “Erik and Vlad are injured, Mackie and Neberto are to stay behind to take care of them. Romaine, you stay behind and take care of Bella. As for the others…. Irene and Freya, the two of you go along with me.”

“”NO!”” Little Fenix and Freya objected at the same time.

“Irene and I can go, but Brendel, you need to stay behind.” She inhaled deeply.

[Does this guy even know how bad his injuries are]

“I’m going to go too.” The brat was the first to jump up.

Brendel looked at Freya and sighed: ” Very well, I’ll answer your objections.” He bit the bandage in his mouth as he wrapped the other end around his body tightly.

A faint green [+2] floated from his body.

He breathed in deeply and felt his strength gradually returning to his body. Even though he was still weak, especially feeling the debilitating poison in his body that was consuming his strength, he managed to move by himself.

He lifted his head up and asked: “So, Miss Freya, what reason do you have for keeping me here? Injuries?”

“It’s good that you know that.” She turned her head away with a scoff.

Brendel smiled faintly, with his teeth barely showing.



* * *





Vol.1 Chapter 13




TL: 31 July 2017 edited.





Chapter 13 – Brendel’s starting point.





[Should I consider skipping the Green village? No, That isn’t possible.]

Brendel knew something inside there that had a great impact on his future plans. Regardless of stockpiling for food or proving he was fit to go, he had to go into the village that might be overrun with Madara’s troops.

So he first tried to parley with words: “If I don’t go, how would you know where to start? Sneaking in and searching are not things that you could do on the first try, and you need a detailed plan and investigation before entering.”

The abilities ‘Sneak’ and ‘Search’ are the special skills of people who had put in a lot of training in the shadows, for example like the professions ‘Nightingale’ and ‘Hunter’. As a warrior, Brendel did not understand their capabilities too well, but he had partied with these players before and finished missions together. His experience alone would have triumphed over the entire militia’s experience here.





Freya still disagreed. She understood his words, but Brendel’s injuries were too grave in her eyes.

“Tell us what we should do and please leave it to us.”

Brendel was not surprised at Freya’s refusal. He broke into a wide grin with his canines showing when he knew he had to rely on his usual method of persuasion. Something that could only belong to a warrior’s wisdom.

“Romaine.”

“Yes!”

“Lend me your sword.” He held his palm open.

“Here, Brendel.” Romaine took her sword with both hands and passed it confidently to him.

“My thanks.”

Brendel took the sword and breathed in deeply to adjust his mindset to his peak condition.

He had a feeble status because his HP was below 40%, and the poison in his body took away another 20% of his strength. He could only use 0.6 OZ worth of strength now.

The rough equivalent of a fourteen-year-old youth.

“There isn’t much time left, so to prove that I have the ability to take part in this expedition, let us use an ancient method to decide matters.” He pulled the sword from its sheath. “A conversation between fighters.”

He surveyed his surroundings. Everyone seemed to take on an expression that they had somehow misheard Brendel. Mother Marsha, Freya was the undisputed number one swords-fighter in this squadron, even Irene was defeated by her.

‘This bro over here, do you really know how badly injured you are right now?’ This question sprung up from their minds at the same time.

“Brendel, stop fooling around.” Freya was starting to get angry. She had quite the confidence in her skill in using the sword, did Brendel really think himself akin to a veteran who had survived the November war, to able to defeat her under his current condition?





Brendel did not say anything else, but took on a posture that said ‘En garde!’.

The ponytail girl nearly blew her fuse. She had thought that he should have known his limits by now, but things were not going the way how she expected them to. She clenched her fists and decided to teach Brendel a lesson.

Freya lifted her sword upwards and swung a vertical cut towards Brendel. Her basic foundations were formidable, her sword arm steady, and there was a singing sound from her blade as it slashed through the air.

Brendel reversed his blade and parried it in response. The immense feedback from his sword nearly dislocated his hand, but he immediately laid his blade vertically and slashed above Freya’s sword. The youth’s strength was certainly low, but it startled Freya as his sword had already reached for her armguard when she had not even entered regain her stance to attack again.

She could only pull back even though she was unwilling to retreat.

It was a given that she suffered a disadvantage. Brendel’s technique was very famous in the warrior’s profession, and it came from Kirrlutz’s swordplay. In the game, it was called [Kador’s counter]. It was a high skill technique, and even though Brendel could only display part of its prowess, it was more than enough to stop Freya who was currently nothing more than a fledgling in his eyes.

The price was to learn this technique was two barrels of Madara’s black wine. He had learned it from a mercenary, and it looked like the wine was worth it.

Freya backpedaled quickly in order to handle Brendel’s swift counter attacks that followed up. She tried to force him into engaging their swords together by striking horizontally at him. Her reaction was very quick, but her execution was full of openings. Brendel had already predicted her move and taken one step back to avoid it. When she saw how he evaded her attack, the long sword had already pointed towards her chest and was rapidly closing in.

Freya gritted her teeth in frustration and swung her sword with her body weight in order to defend herself in time. But to Brendel, her attack had already become something of a joke, and only swung her sword because she did not want to admit defeat. He lightly pranced backward in return, and she fell to the ground as she lost her balance from her hasty defense.

Dust flew everywhere.

“It seems that I have already convinced you.” Brendel sheathed the sword and said simply.

Freya raised her head in disbelief.

It was not only her, the entire batch of militia except Romaine, had their eyes widened in incredulity. Was that a swords style of a militia? Perhaps he would even lost against the veterans in the guards.





“How?”

“There’s nothing strange about it. I’m the best swordsman in the entire 33rd batch of the Bruglas’s militia.” Brendel randomly answered: “Your turn, little Fenix. Let’s ‘talk’ about your problems.”

Little Fenix’s face turned to an ashen grey and quickly shook his head: “I-I don’t think I should go. The rest of you can go ahead.”

[This brat.]

Brendel shook his head.

After instructing the squadron the time and place on the agreed location to meet up, Brendel, Irene, and Freya quickly moved off. Time was short, and they had to fight for every second.

The Green village was to the east of the Crystal Lake, and the distance was not very far away. When they approached further into the direction, they could see the darkening sky due to the spiraling smoke through the gaps of the thick leaves. It looked like it was a bad omen.

According to Brendel’s input, they were at the northern side of the village where Madara had recently occupied it. The state of how the village appeared to them proved that he was right. Madara’s troops had indeed swept past here, leaving charred remains everywhere.

When Freya looked at the billowing smoke from the burning remains, her final hope was dashed. Madara’s troops had advanced before them, and it seemed like it was a distant dream to even reach Fortress Riedon. She stole a glance at Brendel and wondered what this youth was currently thinking.

Brendel hid in a tree and observed the skeleton soldiers. Then he started counting the trees that were shorter than the average ones. When he counted to the twelve tree, he took a mental note of how it looked like.

In this Green village, there was a key buried under the twelfth tree in a specific location. It was a solo mission within the game which would allow him to enter a tomb.

He started to remember about some details on who dug the tomb; it seemed to be someone who was a priest? But this memory did not matter too much. What was important was this tomb belonged to a knight from the Holy Cathedral, and if reality coincided with the fantasy game, there would be great loot within it.

However, what he was really after was the sword ‘Thorn of Light’ within the tomb.

It was a rare artifact that had been infused with the ‘Holy’ attribute.

[If I get the sword, I’ll be an unstoppable undead slayer!] Although, that was only how he imagine it would be in his mind.

After confirming the location, Brendel turned back and pointed to the area outside the forest: “See that?”

“”What?”” Both of them looked puzzledly at him.

“The number of skeletons in each patrolling unit. They passed two times, and four times there. It seems that there are two squadrons from Madara in the village.” Brendel said with the insight from his abundant experience: “Twenty-two to twenty-four skeletons, two necromancers.”

“That many!” Irene was alarmed.

“That’s still not the worst outcome. The problem is how they are controlling the graveyard and the plaza. The necromancers will use a summoning spell and gain an endless supply of soldiers. This is where we need to be careful.” Brendel continued.

“They are desecrating the dead!” Freya clenched her fists in a fury.

“Indeed, but they have the power to do something like this.” He sighed, and pointed to another section of the forest: “Over there, do you see that farm? You can sneak in by using the fences and the trees’ shade. There should be a cellar in the farmhouse that probably has not been burned yet. It should not be too difficult to find, and you can hide there. When the sky turns a little darker, we can move.”

She subconsciously nodded before realizing something was wrong: “How do you know all this?”

“I stayed here for a while,” Brendel answered naturally. He did not lie. Except it was just in another world that he stayed in.

“Then what are we supposed to do after waiting?” Irene ask.

“Just wait for me there, and I’ll come find you a bit later. These monsters are concentrating their efforts to summon new skeletons, and they should not be actively seeking to find survivors. If the undead is indeed looking for survivors, you need to watch your heartbeats and breathing because they can see your life force.” Brendel instructed them in detail.

“Hold on, are you not coming with us?” Freya was keen enough not to let this fine point slip.

“I have something that I need to do on my own.”

“You-” She wanted to argue, but saw how the young man was patting his sword. It meant, ‘Do not forget you have been convinced by me.’

‘But how could that fight count for this?’ Freya wanted to argue back, but Irene pulled her arm to warn her about the incoming skeleton patrol.

“Do you trust me?” Brendel asked in a whisper.

Freya shook her head, then hesitated, and then nodded.

“Then the matter is closed. Quickly set off. Don’t worry. I’ll come back safe and sound.” He said earnestly.

Freya looked at him with her words stuck on the tip of her tongue. But she was finally led away by Irene in reluctance. Brendel watched them hide under the thick foliage and hide under the long grass, moving slowly to their destination. When they finally sneaked into the farm, he exhaled with relief.

Brendel turned back and continued to watch the patch of short trees. Tension enveloped him. This was the first time he’s taking a risk by himself in this world. It might appear to be no different back in his previous world, but there was only death waiting for him if he failed here.





He was more willing to move with Freya, but how was he going to explain he knew about the key? He could not tell them he buried it there, this terrible lie probably could not even deceive Irene, not to mention Freya who was as sharp as a needle.

After weighing all options, he decided to move alone.

“There’s nothing to this, Brendel. Just think of it as opening a new account to level up.” He rubbed his temple and cheered himself onwards.



* * *





Vol.1 Chapter 14




TL: Edited 31 July 2017.



Chapter 14 – The tomb of Gerald

Things were a little different compared to Freya’s route. Sneaking into the farmhouse was aided with the cover of the trees, while Brendel had to move to the patch of short trees under the skeleton soldiers’ watchful eyes.

He had to take a risk here, but there was also no need have an additional risk by going in early. He decided only to act after the sky turned darker. Even though the undead was able to perceive the life force, their range was limited during the night time.

Meanwhile, Brendel studied the patterns of the skeletons patrolling the area. He quickly found there was a gap between the two squadrons. When the two intersected with each other, he was able to move forward safely for approximately ten seconds.

He looked at the area in front of him and estimated he was about twenty meters away from his destination. Even though he had 2 OZ worth of agility, he was definitely unable to able to run forty meters to and fro and dig up the key that was under the tree. He also had the attribute of being weakened too, and it seemed like an impossible task.

He decided to make a new strategy instead.

The sky rapidly darkened.





It was time to act. His heart pulsed rapidly and strongly from the tension in the darkness.

He was using his life as a token to play this game, and was there anything more exciting than a game with death as punishment?

He held his breath and counted fourteen steps from the skeletons. This was the time that the two squadrons intersected, and he threw his sword to the direction of the short trees.

This was the first step.

The sword was thrown over to a patch of piled leaves and caused a slight rustle when it hit the leaves. Brendel waited anxiously for a long time, and he relaxed when the two squadrons intersected for the second time.

The next step was the most important one. Brendel counted again until the two squadrons intersected for the third time. He drew a deep breath sharply and rushed out. His mind was void of any thoughts, and he blanked his fear and tension out. The only thing that he had in his mind was speed, more speed.

Three seconds.

Brendel reached his destination and exhaled slowly. He knelt down, parted the leaves, took his sword and started digging. But his efficiency in digging up the soil was worse than what he expected. He dug as he counted in his heart.

Six seconds.

He had prepared an extra second for himself. He left his sword and started running back, the surroundings around him passing by him in a frantic blur. He dove in the bushes and stopped there, feeling like his heart was going to stop any time.

The skeleton soldiers intersected for the fourth time and did not discover his presence. Brendel breathed in deeply again. He felt that this tension had started to turn his limbs into jelly, but the adrenaline rush made him incredibly excited.

He continued to wait for his second chance. Brendel had calmed down greatly when he made his move, but he still came back empty handed.

He only dug for two seconds the third time as his stamina had clearly dropped. He tried for the fourth time, and finally discovered a four sided slab from his fingertips. Brendel had never seen this in his gaming history, and his heart started to race again from the excitement of discovering something new.

This was it.

Brendel was incredibly relieved, and for a moment he almost could not stop digging, but he knew time was running out. He breathed in and out, calmed himself down, left the sword and ran back.

The fifth attempt, Brendel’s mind had calmed down, and he was more than ready. He ran towards the tree to try and pry the foreign slab out. It had begun to loosen, but Brendel’s ears caught a sudden sound that did not feel right. The skeleton soldiers’ route had changed.

[Impossible!]

Our protagonist felt the blood in his veins turning into ice. He did not know if it was a cruel joke played on him by the heavens. The Madara’s skeleton soldiers lack the basic intelligence to think, so they would not change their patrolling route by themselves. The only ones who could order them to do would be the necromancers, but they had no reason to do so.

Unless they discovered foreign invaders.





He cast a glance to the farmhouse. Did Freya and Irene get exposed? But there was only silence from the direction to the farmhouse, and he overturned this idea.

The clacking steps were getting closer and closer behind him. These monsters were probably able to spot him already. Brendel felt the world was crashing down on him. What should he do? He faced six skeleton soldiers, and they were easily able to cut him to pieces.

Use the Ring of the Wind Empress? No. Putting aside the noise caused when casting the spell, destroying even three skeletons was considered to be the best outcome possible. How about the remaining three skeletons?

Brendel kept on reminding to calm himself down even though every hair on him seemed to be standing. He questioned himself what he would have done in the game. Indeed, he would go through every skill and stat points to try and survive from certain death.

He only needed to use his imagination to do so.

He instantly thought of an idea but the madness of it frightened even him.

[This is not a game, Brendel, can you afford to do this?!] He could not help but ask himself.

But the skeleton soldiers were getting closer and closer, and he had to make a choice.

He took a deep breath.

And plunged his long sword into his stomach.

Agonizing pain spread throughout his body from his stomach. The feedback from it was ten thousand more intense than it was in the game. Brendel cried out once and nearly fell over. He felt he was just too crazy; the perspiration had started to gather and rain down from his forehead.

Right at the same time, the skeleton soldiers’ clacking footsteps also stopped.

He succeeded.

The ‘Unyielding’ skill had activated and deceived the skeletons that were void of intelligence.





Brendel did not dare to waste any more time. He endured the waves of dizziness as he pulled out the sword. Even though he intentionally avoided the fatal areas, his blood still sprayed out and pooled onto the ground. The youth was not brave enough to look at it, and continued to pry the slab of stone out of the ground with his sword. He finally tore it out and started towards the slope and slid downwards.

He only had five minutes to save himself, a gambit between the fine line of life and death.

The ‘Soul Fire’ that was activated by the ‘Unyielding’ skill supported him the entire way towards the village. He was momentarily startled when he saw countless skeletons everywhere from the ruined buildings. They were the work of the necromancers. They crawled out of the graves or even tore themselves out from the bloody corpses when their souls were summoned.

The night that had fallen seemed to give the skeletons a frightening aura. It was fortunate that Brendel had seen enough of them in the game, or he would have been frightened to the point of collapsing.

He quickly soothed his feelings and did a rough count. He saw there was over fifty of them. It was certainly not a small number and would mean that Madara’s invading forces were increasing with every step they take. The only thing that made him feel a little easier was how these makeshift skeleton soldiers’ combat prowess was much lesser compared to the other undead skeletons.

They were even weaker than an average adult male.

Brendel advanced while he looked at them. His destination was a small shrine within the village and recalled that it was somewhere in the north. These undead soldiers saw him as an undead, and even if Brendel knocked into them, they merely adjusted their postures and continued forward.

It was good news to Brendel.

With this advantage at hand, he merely used three minutes to find the shrine of Kaldas. The undead did not respect the God of Pottery and had already destroyed a section of the shrine’s wall. He remembered that this shrine was later rebuilt.

He entered the building and felt his way into it. It was pitch black inside, but after searching inside for a while, he quickly found the way towards the ‘Room of Solitude’.

What he did not expect was a wandering skeleton in it, which gave Brendel a huge jump scare. It was fortunate his nerves were tough enough to endure it, and he quickly calmed down with the thought that it was merely a puppet that had no intelligence.

He felt it was getting harder and harder to breathe, and his vision was starting to become a blur.

He had only one minute left.

After searching through his memory a little, he searched behind the podium and discovered a four-sided depression there. At this moment he thanked the gods and put the slab into it with trembling fingers. He was afraid that a cruel joke would be played on him again.

Fortunately, no such event like that happened here.





At first, it was an unlocking sound in the darkness, then a second low rumbling sound from beneath, and finally a third sound that seemed to indicate something was opening. He felt a slight breeze blowing him from his back. When Brendel turned around, he saw light coming from within the passageway of the tomb.

There were purple colored crystals that decorated the walls. These were not worth anything due to the light being too weak, and thus they were not used.

He shook his head as he nearly collapsed from the giddiness. The game’s version was completely different from this world. Players did not experience what Brendel was experiencing right now, and in fact, they were completely unaffected for five minutes. However, once the time was up, no matter how fine they felt, they would immediately collapse onto the ground.

Brendel was completely relying on his own willpower and the desperate resolution to survive. He tried to keep himself awake by recalling the details about the person who was buried here. The NPC who was buried here was famous, and his name was Gerald, born in this village. He had participated in Aouine’s battle for Independence, and he acted honorably for his whole life and requested to be buried in his hometown when he died.

It was said that this location used to be part of the forest which was later cleared, and a shrine was built on it. The Holy Cathedral of Fire created a pathway inside the shrine to make a tomb for this holy knight, allowing him to forever sleep in peace. Brendel wanted to get this knight’s weapon that he used in the past, which was the ‘Thorn of light’. He did not wish to interrupt the knight’s eternal sleep, but even the knight was probably unwilling to desecrate this village.

The youth panted as he struggled forward against the wall another twenty or thirty meters. He knew that he had gradually reached the end of the passageway when it started to brighten from the effects of high-grade crystals that adorned the walls. He tried to wake himself up, but he did not have the time to relax, as a black figure suddenly dropped down on him.

Two steely claws hooked onto his shoulders and lifted him upwards into the air.

Brendel felt the immense strength penetrating his shoulders. He could not move at all from the vice-like claws, and he recognized there was an absolute difference in strength between them. In his great shock, his mind started rattling, and he realized that it was a gargoyle. It had at least the strength of 4 OZ.

[The person who completed this quest in his previous life did not say anything about a gargoyle!]

A gargoyle was the great work of an artisan wizard from Bucce. It was a level 23 monster, and a low ranking necromancer was like a gentle puppy compared to it.

Before Brendel finished thinking, he felt himself hurtling through the air and smashed against the icy wall. His bones creaked and groaned as if every single one of them shattered.

He did not have any time to worry about it, as the gargoyle started to attack him again. He got up and shook his head to clear his mind.

[Is there any chance left?!]



* * *





Vol.1 Chapter 15




TL: Edited 31 July 2017.

Chapter 15 – Thorn of light

The menacing gargoyle stood tall at nearly two meters and even with its pair of wings tucked in halfway, it had a total width of over five meters. It seemed to fill the entire passageway when it charged at Brendel. The blast of air that came from the gargoyle’s charge stifled Brendel’s breathing, and he found there was nowhere to hide.

He immediately raised his right hand and yelled with all his might: “Oss!”

An earth-shattering roar came from the ring.

The air distorted in the narrow passageway and four consecutive bangs followed as the light crystals embedded in the wall exploded. The maelstrom of air formed into a wind bullet and struck the giant creature. The currents were like sharpened blades and stripped the metallic surface of the monster away. The gargoyle’s lower half body cracked away and was hurled backward into the air like a broken kite.

It then crashed onto the ground with a thundering boom, and a dust cloud formed in the passageway.

Brendel coughed while he was in the midst of the dust cloud, and he quickly rushed forward with his sword in hand. He knew that a gargoyle had 60 HP in the game and a wind bullet did not kill it. It was more than likely that it was still functioning in this world’s reality.





He indeed found the heavily damaged gargoyle moving as the dust started to clear up. Half of its wings were destroyed with a bright blue liquid oozing from it. The monster opened its mouth and screamed repeatedly at Brendel, while it clawed weakly at the ground.

[Kick the dog while it’s down!]

Brendel did not hesitate and brought the sword up with both his hands and swung with everything he had. The sword struck the monster’s chest and forced it to take a step back.

The second swing quickly followed, but the gargoyle brought its wings together and covered itself, and bright sparks flew up when the sword made contact with the steel wings.

Brendel had used up all his energy, but he did not manage to bring it down, and the injuries in his body seem like they were going to rupture. However, he did not lose heart as this attack had brought him a chance to go around it when it went into a defensive mode.

But when he ran a few steps forward, the gargoyle suddenly screamed as it unfurled both of its wings. He quickly guarded against them with his sword, but the massive strength from it knocked his sword far away which struck against the wall.

He was also thrown back against the wall from the impact and felt the air in his lungs escaping from him. However, he realized he was only a short distance away from Gerald’s tomb after the monster’s sudden action.

This thought cleared his hazy mind, and he understood what he needed to do.

He yelled once more and gathered his strength, tolerating the intense pain and got up and dashed towards the tomb.

The gargoyle was a mechanical creature and was commonly used as a tomb guard. The only thing that was able to command it was the control rod which could be inside the tomb!

The light in front was becoming brighter; the warm and gentle light seemed like it could soothe the soul. But Brendel’s heart still raced as there were only seconds left, and this was the final chance to succeed or die.

The youth’s heart skipped a beat when he heard the lumbering footsteps of a heavy object behind him. His instinct that was developed from years of battle made him jump forward, but he was late by a second. Brendel felt the claws grabbing onto his foot while he was in the air. He crashed onto the ground, and he was forcefully dragged back.

The impact made him threw up blood. He had experienced situations like this in the game before, but he never felt tenser in his life. If he failed he would be facing death, what else could he do in this situation?

The green fonts in his retina indicated there were only ten seconds left from the ‘Unyielding’ skill.

A sudden thought suddenly came into his mind.

He turned his body over, raised his right hand and pointed the ring at the gargoyle. The ring seemed to glint coldly.

Eight seconds.

The gargoyle’s green eyes suddenly showed fear and shrieked, released Brendel from its claws and flew backward.

Bucce’s artisan wizards were incredibly impressive; the war constructs that they made were powerful and cunning, but Brendel was able to make use of this point to his advantage.

Intelligence was a dual edged sword. Once the creature was able to think for itself, it was able to feel fear and protect itself.





Brendel gasped for breathed and blinked. He trembled from the succession of catastrophic events that happened one after another. But he knew that he could not afford to relax.

Six seconds.

The youth half crawled, half walked towards the tomb that was filled with a holy aura using mostly with his willpower. His first glance landed on the sword that was in the coffin: The ‘Thorn of light’. But he was not concerned about this right now; he was searching for something else.

Three seconds.

His eyes swept over the left wall. There were a few compartments there. The second one. He brushed away the cobwebs and reached into it while a few insects crawled away.

He took the bottle out.

‘No 7 Health potion’.

This potion was made from the holy cathedral, and there was a fire symbol on it. Brendel brought the potion to his chest and used all his senses to relish the moment.

Two seconds.

Brendel tore away the cork from the bottle with trembling hands.

One second.

He raised his head upwards and gulped down the potion’s contents. The bitter taste filled his whole mouth, but it felt so pure that he praised it from the bottom of his heart.

‘Number 7 (16 oz)’, the most common potion in the game, was a substitute for ‘Number 5’. The priests of Madara were ordered to create these potions during the ‘Year of moon flowers’, in order to handle the increasing troop deficits. It restored 25 HP but only healed non-lethal wounds.

The holy potion took effect immediately. It first restored the abrasions on his four limbs, and it healed at the rate where he could nearly see it with his naked eye. His wounds that were caused by the sword came next, and there was an itchy effect that persisted for several minutes before stopping.

Brendel tried breathing once and found that he had no problem with it unlike before.

He peeked at the entrance and found that the gargoyle did not chase after him. He was certain it did not fear his ring to such an extent, but more likely because it simply could not enter inside. That was probably a holy barrier in this tomb that prevented any evil creatures from desecrating the place.

He sighed with relief and sat down to inspect his wounds. The only injury left was the one Brendel received from the beginning. As it was a fatal wound, the potion had very little effect on it.

Still, it was more than enough. Brendel stood up and wanted to yell in excitement. This was his best condition ever since he came into this world. There was no pain, his weak status was gone, and he could use his strength as much as he wanted to.

The youth exhaled slowly and thanked the gods. He could not believe that he was able to survive this ridiculous ordeal and was immensely proud of his glorious achievement.

He clenched his fist and calmed down from his feelings with much difficulty. He recalled about Freya and Irene still waiting for him, and it was time to realize his next plan.

His gaze landed on the shining sword that was in the coffin when he turned back.

‘Thorn of light’. This thin leaf-like sword was rarely seen amongst the human race because it was an Elven sword.

Brendel traced the blade with his hand and looked at it. He saw the two lines of Elven text carved onto it:





‘Thy sword shall burst forth from light, and strike thy enemies with terror.”

He had never seen this sword before, but he knew of its fame. This was a Level 19 legendary sword, not only was it exceedingly sharp, it increased the user’s ‘Strength’, ‘Will’ and ‘Physique’ by 1 OZ. This meant that he was two times stronger than a normal human if he used it.

[People in the game had seen this sword in action and described it online. The most important ability is to detect the undead, and many people wanted to have that. As long as any undead comes near this sword, it will start to pulsate with light; it’s also the source of the sword’s name.]

Brendel appreciated this moment when he looked at it. There were seventeen similar swords made by the Elves in the game, but the majority of it was collected and destroyed by Madara’s shadow lords in the first era. There were only three left, and this was one of them.

He held the sword by the hilt and power immediately integrated into his body. He felt stronger and lighter, but Brendel did not have too much time to experience it in detail as a voice echoed in his mind:

“Young man, are you going to continue walking down the road that I pursued?”

[Hah?]

Brendel’s eyebrows jumped up as he realized what this meant.

[Proof of Inauguration’! This is the ‘Proof of Inauguration! It’s not difficult to get it in the game, but I certainly needed this urgently— A mercenary?]

He did not expect the Holy Knight Gerald’s ‘Proof of Inauguration’ to be a mercenary. The latter was not even a knight, let alone as a Templar Knight.

[What is up with this situation? Isn’t he a knight?]

“You have discovered the ‘Proof of Inauguration’, you need to spend 2 XP to raise to level 1, would you like to take this profession?”

This profession was certainly better than a militia, even if it was not a ‘Knight’.

“Yes.”

A series of words lit up in his retina.

– Mercenary [Charge (—-Level)]

– Charge: A skill which assaults the enemies. The charging speed is raised agility multiplied by ten times. The cooldown is 1 minute. This skill cannot be used when you have the ‘Weakened’ status.

Brendel could recite the description in his heart without even reading it. He was too familiar with it because this was the first skill for a warrior class.

[Is this fate?]

Nothing else happened after that, so Brendel started to look around the tomb. He was uninterested in the treasures in it, but he wanted to find holy water that could repel the undead. It was too good to pass up as it could save someone at the critical juncture. But he suddenly stopped on a small gargoyle statue.

A statue.

[This is it!]

Brendel received a shock. This was the gargoyle’s control rod, and it was the key to command the gargoyle. He immediately took that away. It was a delightful surprise to control it. But right at this moment, the tomb suddenly shook, and the dust fell from the ceiling. Brendel turned his head to the entrance to hear an explosion that came from the outside.

[It might have come from the farmhouse!]





Brendel felt unsettled.

Did something happen to Freya and Irene? Brendel could only think that there was only this possibility. He quickly grabbed the weaker ‘Number 9’ health potions and wrapped them in his bloody clothes and ran out from the tomb. (TL: Hah? Did he run out shirtless? Wait, when did he even strip?)

In his rush, he did not see a piece of paper underneath the health potions, and it fluttered down to the ground when he took them away.

Brendel knocked onto the gargoyle when he rushed out. But this time he had the control rod, and the monster sat in front of the tomb’s entrance like an ornamental statue. Brendel felt a slight pity in his heart. To control the gargoyle he needed to have the correct commands, or he would have brought it out to kill the necromancers.

This mechanical statue was immune to their negative spells, and thus a complete counter to them.

The youth rushed out quickly, but before he was able to catch his breath, there was a sudden attack from within the darkness.



* * *





Vol.1 Chapter 16




TL: I’m editing this in July 2017, and I’m changing a particular character called Bretton to Bannett. This is because the protagonist (Brendel) sounds too close to Bretton, isn’t something I like in particular. This is a basic grammar edit.





(TL: There are three grades of army here. The highest grade currently is the Kingdom’s formal army, then the guards, then the militia. It’s kind of hard to spot the differences, so there might be some mistakes here and there from me. Just know that the people Brendel is about to meet are the ‘Guards’, which is considered as a formal army unit compared to the militia. And if you’re able to think of better medieval terms to replace ‘Guards’, feel free to comment.)

Chapter 16 – Bucce’s guards



Brendel dodged sideways and allowed the skeleton’s attack to pass him by. He had nearly forgotten about the skeleton in the ‘Room of Solitude’. But he was no longer injured like before, and his hand was already on the sword’s hilt.

A flash of light streaked across the passageway as the body of the ‘Thorn of Light’ glimmered with white light. The skeleton’s upper body flew into the air. He watched the remaining bones gradually turn into dust.

[The Thorn of Light is indeed a Holy sword as it even has a Purification effect.]





One golden light entered into his chest.

Weapons with the ‘Purification’ effect did double damage to undead, which was no wonder why he did not feel any resistance when he cleaved the skeleton into two. It was like a hot knife cutting through butter.

[A divine weapon.]

He immediately graded this sword. Well, although it was not really one, it was just as good under his current situation.

But he was distraught over Freya and Irene’s safety, so he immediately kicked away the lower body and ran outside. His 2 OZ worth of agility could finally be used without any problems, and it showed off his true speed. His strength, agility, and physique crossed 2 OZ, and he ran like a speeding truck.

Brendel traced his original route back, and the dark passageway twists and turns did not cause him any obstructions at all as he jumped out from the shrine’s destroyed wall. His powerful Lifeforce immediately attracted the nearby wandering undead. Two skeletons walked over to him with clacking footsteps, but what awaited them were two silver flashes of light.

Two XP instantly went into Brendel’s chest. He looked over to the direction of the farmhouse, his pupils dilating when he discovered that there were flames from the building igniting the night sky.

And in his line of sight, hundreds of skeletons were starting to surround the building. He knew that the undead in front of him with low intelligence would not act on their own, which meant there was a necromancer nearby who had discovered something.

“Freya, Irene!” Brendel’s heart dropped like a rock. But when he was prepared to rush over there, he heard a cold and shrilling voice behind him:

“There’s a human over there, kill him!”

Brendel looked back from his shoulder, and discovered a necromancer commanding six skeletons that formed into a line advancing towards him.

The necromancer raised the staff in its hand.

But Brendel reacted and moved faster than him. His ‘Charge’ skill instantly activated and lunged at it so swiftly that he appeared to be like a blurry shadow. “Stop him!” The necromancer was startled and shrieked loudly.

The first skeleton soldier raised its sword, but Brendel’s cold eyes appeared before him. A voice yelled out in his mind clearly, and it was as if the feelings of the original owner of this body had been poured into it:

“You Madara fuckers, you’re all going to burn into ashes!”

He did not even care to use any technique and simply sent his own sword hurling into the skeleton’s. A deafening crash pierced through his ears as the skeleton’s steel sword bent and broke off from the immense impact, and the sword continued to slice past the skeleton.

Brendel’s charge did not stop at all, and the skeleton soldiers that were left behind from his speed were quartered equally before they realized it. At this moment, there were no more obstacles between him and the necromancer.

The frightening visage of the necromancer was twisted into an expression of disbelief and its mouth was wide open.

“This sword, is for Brendel!” He roared.

His sword pierced into the necromancer’s left rib cage and through the other end of the third rib-cage bone. The ‘Thorn of Light’ flashed brightly as he glared at the necromancer’s green flames in its eye sockets. He then swung the blade free upwards.

The flames in the necromancer’s eye flickered unsteadily and immediately died down. A clanking sound could be heard as the staff from its hand dropped down. The necromancer was starting to turn into ashes from the ‘Purifying’ effect.

Three golden lights flew from the necromancer into his chest.

When he turned back, there were two more skeleton soldiers that had approached towards him. Brendel swung his sword upwards and immediately cut off the first skeleton’s arm, changed his sword’s direction and lopped off the skull. He then kicked the skeleton’s ribcage and it flew towards the other skeleton.

It immediately swung its sword to defend against the hurled skeleton by cutting it down, but before it could recover from the swing, a flash of bright light swept down across its body and sundered it into two. The chain armor’s rings seemed to rain everywhere.





Another two golden lights flew into him.

Brendel silently called out to his character stats window in his mind. The green fonts appeared across his retina. He chose one of the categories, and said in his mind: “Profession and XP.”

– XP: 11 (Commoner level 1 ———, Civilian Soldier level 2, 6/10, Mercenary level 1, 0/10)

More skeletons started to approach him, and he casually blocked one of the incoming swords, and said in his mind: “11 XP into the Mercenary profession.”

– XP: 0 (Commoner level 1 ———, Civilian Soldier level 2, 6/10, Mercenary level 2, 11/30)

Brendel pushed the skeleton back and checked his own stats. His strength and physique were raised by another 0.2 OZ, his agility and perception had increased by 0.1 OZ. But the most important thing was he had 25 AP, and this point alone made the militia profession lose its value.

[Good.]

He had 2.3 strength, 2.1 Agility, and 2.2 Physique. His overall power rating was 8.0, and completely surpassed a starting player’s attributes and had begun to take his first step to a Tier 1 Power.

Brendel’s mind had cooled down from the necromancer’s fight. He looked at the three skeletons in front of him like they were air.

[Yes. I’m finally back.]

================= Guards’ POV ===================

Ten minutes was enough to let the dust settle down from the battlefield.

The sounds of hooves could be heard from afar.

Two riders.

The youths on the horses rode together on the long street. They let their horses stop as they surveyed the surroundings, and looked on in surprise as they saw the remnants of dust and bones. They did not speak for a while.

“Zeta, you’re seeing this right?”

“It looks like it’s only one person who did all this. Do you think it’s from the Fortress Riedon’s army?”

“There’s a necromancer here, Mother Marsha above! Zeta, can you fight against four by yourself?”

“No, I can’t. This must be the work of a veteran soldier.” The lithe young man quietly looked at the surroundings, and disbelief gradually showed in his expression: “Ryan, there are six more skeleton soldiers over there.”

A pause.

“Erm, you mean seven?”

“Seven.”

“We need to inform the vice captain of this event here. What is your guess? From the Kingdom’s army? Or a traveling knight?” Ryan immediately looked back at his friend and asked.

“Your guess is as good as mine, but I agree with your suggestions.”

=============== Brendel’s Pov ==============

When Brendel reached the farmhouse, it had already turned into a sea of flames. The burning structure was like a scene from the movies, and there were occasional sounds of the building collapsing from within, but he did not see the undead army chasing Freya and Irene.

Conversely, he only saw the newly raised undead running away from the flames. These fiery flames are the natural enemy of the undead, and their weak Soul Fires were trembling from the strong light. They were almost close to being purified into ashes.

The building’s flames were not blue. In the game, the Madara’s armies would only use the cold Soul Fire, and thus this was certainly not done by the undead here. Could have Freya and Irene set the fire? He shook his head as he did not think they would be so decisive.

He suddenly turned to a direction from his sharp senses, and happened to see a platoon of skeleton soldiers moving quickly to somewhere. He squinted as he saw a pulsating darkness from them. Was there a necromancer nearby?





He pulled out the sword with the ‘Thorn of Light’ shimmering lightly. He advanced into that direction, and the blundering skeletons that came into contact with him quickly turned into 7 XP.

But before the youth was able to approach, he suddenly heard a loud crash from the corner in front. Countless bone fragments and chainmail rings rained everywhere, and two or three skeletons hurtled through the air into the nearby fire.

Brendel got startled.

That was probably a Tier 1 Power.

[Who’s the person behind the sea of flames? Human? Fortress Riedon’s formal army? But they did not appear here in history……]

He subconsciously took a defensive posture, and coincidentally saw a squadron of riders as they emerged from the flames. There were like an unstoppable torrent that rushed out, and the leader of the riders rode towards him. He raised his long sword and the riders reined their horses and neatly formed together.

“Who are you?” A rider asked coldly. His voice appeared to be a young man. But there was a momentary pause from him. Brendel could not see his expression, but he felt as if the young man knew him.

[No, to be more precise he knows the former Brendel.]

There were whispers amongst the riders from behind him:

“I’m betting that’s a militia.”

“I know him.”

“But you are not wrong, he’s merely a militia.”

Brendel frowned. When he gradually adjusted to the bright light, he finally saw the attire of these men clearly. Blue woolen coat over an armor fashioned like Dragonscale, shining white steel helmet, and a knight’s sword. There was the silver white background with black pine leaves symbol on the shoulder as well.

Bucce’s regular army.

“Brendel, why are you here?” The leader of the riders changed into a tone of superiority.

“I have the same question.” Brendel searched through his memories and found this person’s name: Bannett. He was also a Bruglas citizen, and he had shown excellent promise in the militia training and recruited into the regular army. He was later sent to Bucce’s border to be trained……..





However, this was just how it looked on paper. No matter how good Bannett was, he could not have been better than the former Brendel who was the best swordsman in their batch. However, Bennett’s father was a local official who spoke up for him, and he naturally had a smooth transition.

The current Brendel knew the enmity between them, no, it could not really be described as enmity. At most, they just looked down at each other.

And as expected, Bannett followed up with: “This shabby looking militia over here, I’m ordering you as the vice captain of the Bucce’s regular army to immediately report to me: why you have appeared in this area?”

The riders immediately snickered, as they knew Bannett just wanted to find a bit of trouble with this fellow from his hometown. Report or whatever, that was just an excuse.

Brendel raised his head, with the flames from the burning wreckage reflected in his eyes.



* * *





Vol.1 Chapter 17




TL: Edited 31 July 2017





Chapter 17 – The Goddess of War

The flames continued to rage around them, the golden-red light illuminating every one of their faces till their edges of their faces were contrasted darkly.

Brendel raised his head and carefully regarded the young vice-captain riding on the horse. Brendel saw that he was equally serious: He pursed his lips and glared silently at him as if to make him submit.

But regardless of who had control of this body, Brendel or Sophie, they would not be affected by him.

“I’m a militia from Anchorite, may I ask Ser vice-captain from Bucce this: when did the guards from Bucce able to command the allied troops from another region? May I ask Ser vice-captain where your appointment order is?”

The riders behind Bannett immediately stopped whispering when they heard Brendel speak. Brendel fought for Aouine in the game for years. His grasp of the kingdom’s laws was beyond any of the young guards here.

The young vice captain thought for a long time and stubbornly replied: “Special times calls for special needs.”

Brendel knew Bannett would not put down his pride and back off. Still, he did not want to waste any more time on this, and would not have bothered to trouble himself from the childish fights unless Bannett sought to seek it first.

“I’m looking for Freya and Irene. Did any of you see them?” He asked.

This was Brendel’s most concerned question. The flames seemed to have been lit by the young guards, but he considered the possibility where the future Goddess of War was also burned to death. That would have been a grave sin on Bannett’s part.

[Just a mere thought, cough.]

But Brendel’s carefree attitude looked like arrogance in Bannett’s eyes. He truly did not know why Brendel was so proud of himself when he did not amount to anything at this moment. He resisted the loathing in his heart and asked: “Freya? From the third militia? What is she doing with you?”





Brendel could see that the vice captain was fond of Freya, but his hostile attitude annoyed him. He had tried to provoke him many times.

“Vice-captain Bannett, it’s my freedom to be with whom. As for the reason why I’m here, I’m afraid it is the same as yours. Please don’t think I don’t know what kind of plight you are in right now.” He replied sarcastically.

“You bastard, you dare to show your insolence in front of us!” One of the youths behind Bannett angrily rebuked him: “You’re only a mere militia and in front of you is the vice captain of the guards, correct your attitude now!”

Brendel paused a moment and started to study him carefully.

And as if they wanted to show off to him, they neatly formed into their formation as if to intimidate him. He looked at the fifteen young men who stood tall; there appeared sharp with their uniforms, drawn weapons, and shining armors. They certainly looked impressive.

Brendel knew their pride came from being the best in their cities or the Grinoires’s region, and had undergone strict selection and rigorous training. They were close enough to be considered as ‘Tier 1 Power’.

The Holy Cathedral of Fire had decreed a rule that the average Overall Power Rating of a person between 3 OZ to 20 OZ be ranked as a Tier 1 Power. This included the entire White-ranked swordsman, wizard apprentices and low ranking Elementalists, and other various professions.

The Holy Cathedral of Fire used Amber Stones to test for each person’s purity in their stats. Brendel had seen this item in the game before, but they were mainly used for NPCs. The players were able to see their own data in the character window, and thus they did not need to be tested.

He once read an information book about the game, and knew that sixty percent of the entire Vaunte continent was of the ‘Grade 1 rank’. This was because the humans’ average lifespan was over one hundred and sixty years and they had the time to grow stronger, but once the range was limited to the age of seventeen to nineteen, the ratio would be lower than twenty percent.

In Aouine, other than the wizard academy, the church and the reserve knights, the majority of the youths in this twenty percent were in the guards. (TL: Level 1-20 = White rank. Some other ranked codes from the later chapters.)

It was true that these young men were able to hold their heads high up amongst the militia rabble, but Brendel was a person from another world with freedom, and never had the thought of lowering his head.

A modern person’s perspective who recognized himself as the biggest authority after the divine.

Therefore he glared coldly at the rider who castigated him and quietly evaluated his strength. Even though the opponents were strong, he did not think that his stats were any less than them after having the Thorn of Light and the Ring of the Wind Empress.

With his experience as a level 130 warrior, anyone who challenged him would definitely be laid to waste. At best they could rush up and overwhelm him, but he guessed that Bannett would not want to do something as shameless as that.

What surprised him was the vice captain stopping his own men by raising his arm, and he asked gravely: “How did you know what we came here to do? What else do you know? Who told you this?”

Brendel obviously knew because of his knowledge in the game. He might not know every detail, but once he thought about how history was going to progress, he could guess the events that happened. He knew that they were here not because they wanted to launch a counter attack but for a different reason.

Once he rearranged the thoughts in his mind, and thought of how the Bucce guards were going to break the siege to reach Fortress Riedon, everything could be explained.

The events were similar; what happened now seemed to mirror the history in the game. The Madara undead was supposed to lock down the Beldor’s forest successfully today, and in the morning or afternoon, the fleeing refugees and the Bucce guards were attacked by the Madara’s army. They were incredibly close to Fortress Riedon, and they almost succeeded in reaching there, but Kebias’s skeleton army made their efforts futile and they were stuck here.





Even now, Fortress Riedon had not noticed the east was being invaded by Madara.

This was not a coincidence, nor was it because luck did not stand on Bucce’s side. It was because they faced the left wing of Incirsta’s army who was terrifying and effective for the very first time. It was simply impossible for the Bucce guards to match the infamous undead general when they brought along the weak and old.

Furthermore, they had encountered Rothko’s necromancer army earlier who slowed them down. These two points had caused them to fail and turned today into a tragedy.

When Brendel realized this, he took a longer look at the young riders and found their uniform was not as clean as it looked. A few had their armor scratched and dents. Their eyes appeared listless under their angry expressions. He guessed that this was the day when Marden experienced defeat. What they required now was food and medicine from this village, to assure the survivors’ hearts and prepare for the next attempt to escape the siege.

But Brendel was certain that Marden was not going to expect failure a second and third time shortly after today. He had only a day and a half before the ‘One-eyed’ Tarkus’s main force arrived, and today’s tragedy would repeat again.

In the end, Marden was fortunate to escape at the very end with his life, but he lost all glory that belonged to him as a soldier.

Brendel shook his head when he thought of this and did not have any mood left to argue. Still, he was not one to answer kindly to an aggressor, and replied in an ill-disposed manner: “Is there really any need to ask? Isn’t everything is written on your face when you dramatically marched into this village?”

“You bastard-” The young man behind Bannett angrily replied. His veins jutted out from his temples, and if it was not for Bannett stopping him, he would have pulled out his sword and fight Brendel.

“You’re completely right. But since you are unwilling to take up the responsibilities of a militia, then stand aside.” The young vice-captain said: “Please don’t block our way.”

“Wait,” Brendel’s temper flared a little. The idiot tried to incite him to a fight? He stood in the middle of their path and asked solemnly: “Are the villagers with you right now?”

“It’s none of your concern.”

“How many are injured?”

Bannett’s face turned darker: “It’s none of your concern.”

“It has every bit of my concern. These are my friends and families. Freya, Little Fenris, Irene, and Mackie. Their family members are also amongst the villagers. Everyone in the militia is fighting to protect Bucce, and what are you guards fighting for?” Brendel replied. “Listen well, I am not picking a fight with you, but I want to have an answer.”

His steady voice made everyone in the squadron silent. Their angry mutterings also ceased.

“Move aside, Brendel,” Bannett said with an ugly face.

Brendel’s heart sank. He had a bad feeling.

He shook his head: “Bring me to captain Marden. I can bring you out of this dire situation, but before all that you must tell me, did something happen to the family members of the third militia squadron?”





Bannett’s face completely fell.

“You? Lead us out?” The young vice-captain seemed to have squeezed the words out from his teeth. When he finished, he turned his head around and gestured at his own members, indicating them to move out from the other side.

He did not even want to waste his breath on Brendel anymore. He even regretted that he spoke to him earlier. He thought about the battle in the afternoon and felt that it was the biggest nightmare in his entire life. He even suspected that it would continue to haunt him his whole life.

Brendel stood at one side as he watched them leave silently. His mind considered at the various possibilities, but there was only one possibility that made sense. He could not help but call after him: “Bannett.”

The captain immediately stopped.

“Was it Freya’s family?”

Bannett’s body went rigid. He hesitated for a while and nodded.

“What happened exactly?”

“When you find Freya, help me tell her this.”

“What?”

Bannett sighed: “If you find her, tell her that I’m sorry. During this afternoon’s battle, Uncle Cecil and her aunt were, unfortunately…”

Before he finished speaking, he heard a clanking noise behind him.

Everyone was startled and they looked back, only to find Freya with a pale face full of disbelief and her sword had dropped from her hand.

The youth Irene who followed after the future Goddess of war looked helpless.

“Freya!” Brendel was shocked at her appearance. He already knew what Bannett was going to say.

“How’s that possible, my aunt wouldn’t……..”

Freya’s voice suddenly broke into sobbing, and tears started pouring from her eyes.





There was a weak spot in everyone’s heart.

Brendel looked at Freya who had always been acting strong, kneel onto the ground. She cried in sorrow, and she appeared so weak that she looked like a small injured animal. This familiar scene had happened many times before in his memories and his throat felt parched. He wanted to say something comforting, but there were no words that came from his lips.

He could only watch over her quietly. He suddenly realized something.

[Did this cruel war baptize this simple, innocent and kind-hearted girl into a future Goddess of War?]

History was repeating itself.



* * *





Vol.1 Chapter 18




TL: Edited 31 July 2017.





Chapter 18 – The footprints on the other path in History





The vast land slept within the darkness where nature did not emit even a single sound. It was as if the silence was mourning for the dead souls that had left this world. A meteor shower streaked across the starry skies, appearing and disappearing quickly as if to symbolize the names that appeared briefly in history.

Bannett silently stood straight up against the cold night wind. He sent out command after command, and the guards vanquished the undead remnants in the ruins of the Green village. Every single undead had to be purified. Every single one.

The young vice-captain felt that this was the only way to make himself feel better.

He checked the time. He had only thirty minutes left.

Zeta looked at the scene from afar. He shook the glass flagon in his hand, and touched the girl beside him: “Hey, you’re called Irene right?”

Irene was a little startled.





“I’m Zeta. Do you want a little?” He raised the wine flagon. “Pure Fire Wine made from the Crystal river. Ryan and I found it in a wine cellar. Sadly, I don’t know if I can still drink this after this war…..”

He paused for a while.

“You know, I had a dream once. I wanted to become the best scout.”

“But I’m regretting it a little.”

Irene felt this person was really strange, but she was curious as to why he had regrets.

“Why?” She asked.

“My biggest goal was to discover the enemy as quickly as possible, because discovering them would justify my value. But now the thing I want to do the most is to hide the villagers. If I can hide them, at least they wouldn’t be killed. But you know what? I couldn’t do anything. I was unable to do anything.”

“It’s not your fault.”

“But I’m a soldier.” Zeta sipped the wine: “When I saw that girl cried, I thought that it would have been good if I had died like Kevin did in the battlefield. But I’m still alive so I can’t escape from this.”

Irene fell into a silence, and she suddenly thought of Brendel. She had this strange impression that this young man who led them out from every dire situation once and again, would be able to lead them out of the darkness that was shrouding them.

Maybe her premonition would be right, and everything would be solved.

She hoped in her heart.



Brendel and Freya sat together.





Brendel truly did not think that he was good at comforting someone. He felt that it would have been better for someone else to be here right now, but that damnable Bannett just left with a grim expression without any words, and Irene just stayed far away.

[Isn’t this girl over here your captain?! Do something!]

It was fortunate that Freya adjusted her emotions quickly. But she kept staring into space in a daze, her bright eyes had dimmed and were filled with loneliness.

Brendel had seen that look before in the game. When she became the Goddess of War, her gaze could sometimes be seen with the same quiet sadness, as though she could never be healed. He felt a little sad, and very much preferred the innocent and kind Freya, who was also a little stubborn and got upset over small matters.

But what could he say here? He hesitated for a long time, and when the words came up to the tip of his tongue, he suddenly felt that they were not persuasive. The lines that he prepared did not appear to be suitable at all.

When he was agonizing over it, she spoke:

“Ser Brendel.”

“Huh?”

“Why do think we have wars?”

[Uh…]

He had never really thought about it. In the game, the bigger guilds would frequently fight over profits, reputation and even a simple matter of pride. Kingdoms fought over power, benefits, and lands. Wars would frequently break out without warning.

He might have answered this in the past, “Because humans are always controlled by desire. They would seek to dominate and pillage, and that is why they fight against each other.”

But after today, Freya’s sobs had etched themselves into his mind and could never be erased. He found this answer to be pointless. Humans were weak but they could be resilient.

“Wars simply happen. The only thing we can do is to accept it. We are living in a terrible era, and we can’t choose the era we want to live in. But we can try to change it,” Brendel said, and suddenly the words formed themselves in his mind: “Perhaps we are unable to change anything, but at least we have tried to realize it along with many other people. The memories that we had fought together are more than enough.”

He remembered the days back in the game where he fought for Aouine. His friends and people who shared the common goal fought along with him. There were many promises that were made together, and even though everyone parted ways at the very end, he did not regret having these memories.

These were his memories of Aouine, burned into his very soul.

The young girl became silent.

“Freya.”

“Hmm?”





“You must have loved them very much.”

“Yes.” She replied: “When my father passed away, my aunt and uncle always took good care of me and were proud of me. But I loved them too, so very much.”

“I’m just puzzled. Why did the heavens choose you?” Brendel said.

“Hmm?”

“Freya, have you ever thought about becoming a general to protect this land?”

“How’s that possible, Ser Brendel, are you trying to make fun of me?” The young girl was a little angry, but her voice became quiet again: “I just want to be a good captain. But my powers only amount to this much, and only this little. To fulfill my responsibilities till the very end… That’s too far away, and I can’t reach that destination.”

[No, not only did you do it, you did it perfectly. Freya, you were the last hero of Aouine, and one that people remembered the most.]

[The gods gave you extraordinary trials and you had ordinary talents. But you were humble, dedicated, kind and strong. You were beyond amazing.]

Brendel played with the small stone gargoyle statue in his hand. He looked into the distance and sighed: “Freya, I don’t know how far you would go in the future, but I want you to remember this.”

“Yes?”

“Friends. No matter how far you are going to go, there will be many people who would accompany you. You will never be lonely.”

Freya’s eyes widened, and suddenly they were misty. She thought of Romaine, little Fenix, Mackie, Irene and everyone in the third militia squadron.

And of course, her aunt and uncle.

She wiped the corners of her eyes and looked at the crimson sky that was illuminated by the burning village. It had continued to burn, and the spiraling flames seemed to hint at the next battle which was going to be even bigger.

“Thanks.” She whispered back: “Shameless cad Brendel.”

Our protagonist started to cough and choke.

When he looked back in protest, he saw that her eyes had returned to its former brightness, and it was shining like the brightest night star in the sky. Brendel suddenly felt that his existence here had worth.

History had started to change.



Bannett quickly found what he wanted. Medicine. Even though the Green village appeared to have been completely destroyed, the things that the undead didn’t need were food and medicine, and they were simply stacked up in a corner.

Furthermore, Brendel was there to help them.

Even though Bucce, Verbin and the green village were under the protection of the guards, Brendel was definitely much more familiar with the area than them.

With his memories, he found two secret cellars that were filled with medicine, food and other goods. There were cast iron, copper and even gold, which were useless in their current situation, so he left them untouched.

It was not Brendel’s usual habit to leave empty handed. The owners had died in the war and they had no descendants.

These cellars were the players’ favorite spots after Madara torched the village. If the players found one they would have become considerably rich. Because of that, Brendel knew these spots very well thanks to these greedy players.

He left the bulky items alone but he wanted the magical equipment.

Under everyone’s shocked eyes, he quickly opened hidden compartments. They were mostly filled with precious gems and gold.

The leader of the young guards looked darkly at Brendel with suspicion. When did he learned something like this and became like a burglar?

Brendel brought out a half platemail meant for a female in the midst of their amazed mutterings. It was an ancient armor adorned with complicated bronze ornaments, but the black gold symbols on it showed that it was an artistic ornamental armor from the golden age of the past.

Before they finished admiring the armor, Brendel took out another ornamental armor with a flourish. He beckoned to Freya.

“Freya, over here.”

“Me?” The future Goddess of War pointed at herself.

“Try this out.”

“Wait,” Bannett immediately mocked without thinking: “Brendel, are you serious in letting Freya that piece of artwork? Not all armor is meant to see action, you do know it right?”





Brendel ignored him and wanted to put it on for Freya. But she blushed and shook her ponytail and received the ornamental armor: “I, I’ll do it myself.”

He paused in surprise. There was not much attention paid to this matter in the game. He had helped the other female players who were knights and warriors with their armor, but he forgot he was in another world now.

“What are you trying to do?” Bannett watched Freya run to an area with dense foliage and asked. (TL: Wow… Brendel tried to strip Freya in front of everyone. Ho, ho, ho.)

“What?”

“That’s an ornamental armor and it’s too heavy. You can’t be serious to let Freya wear that into battle right? Besides, has the militia learned to fight wearing armor before?”

“Too heavy?” This was the first time Brendel had heard of this argument. He looked back at him with a raised eyebrow, wondering if lead had been poured into his mind.

He did not bother to explain but beckoned Freya over. He asked: “How does it feel?”

“It’s a little heavy. It’s not very flexible.”

The youths behind Bannett giggled and laughed. How could an ornamental armor not be heavy? But the majority of the laughs were made in jest and not mockery.

Brendel paid no attention and chanted: “S’Taz.”

An ancient word, its meaning was ‘Wind’.

The half plate was instantly enveloped by a green aura, which floated around Freya’s body and then tightly wrapped around her whole body. The young girl was startled and uttered a low yelp of surprise: “This is?”

Brendel looked back and said: “A Half-Plate of the Wind Empress infused with the Wind Element, described as heavy? The Elven armor smiths who designed this must be turning in their graves.”

Bannett and the riders were at a loss for words.



* * *





Vol.1 Chapter 19




TL: Edited Oct 29/2017.



Chapter 19 – The one who opposes

Brendel and the militia followed alongside with Bannett and his riders. They transported the food and medicine to the Guards’ camp located in the Beldor’s forest region, traveled across the mountainous forest, and finally stopped at a camp in the valley. There was an uproar in the camp when they discovered the youths of the third militia squadron approaching towards them.

They thought the entire third militia squadron had perished in the battle of that fateful night and were prepared to accept that reality, only to find that they had returned alive.

The refugees were overjoyed. Even though they were not entirely comprised of Bucce’s natives, and some of them came from either Verbin or the Green village, the heartwarming scene affected everyone. It was the first piece of good news they have for the past two days.

A good sign like this signified that the future might be favorable. Along with the food and medicine they brought back, the people who were plagued by the cold and hunger were able to eat something warm, and the injured was treated. Everyone thought that hope was not far away, and even forgot a little of the tragic battle they encountered in the afternoon.





Marden gave a command to light the campfires. The veteran soldier that survived the November War was brave and resilient, and would never submit to the Madara undead. He was not afraid of the undead forces discovering them and even said they were free to bring the battle to them as there were no cowards in Aouine.

There was simply no way to hide so many people who had no militia training. Thus he decided to make them comfortable.

Freya who had lost her relatives found herself treated like a hero. At first, Brendel was worried that she might be depressed instead, but found that it was an unnecessary worry.

“Freya, it’s all thanks to you and your militia!”

“Freya, don’t be sad. You still have us, don’t you? Everyone in the village supports you. You’re a strong girl, and everyone knows that!”

“Freya, are you alright? Come over here and let Aunt Aakash take a look at you. You need to be more careful!” A plump middle-aged woman parted the sea of people around her. She might have the quality of a having a loud voice and rough handling like a countryside villager, but her concern was genuine.

She parted Freya’s fringe and wiped her face and took a long hard look at the girl.

“Aunt Aakash, I’m fine.”

“Are you sure? Don’t hide everything in your heart, understand?”

“Really, I’m fine. Thanks, everyone.” Freya looked at everyone gathering around her. Her eyes were getting misty and interfered with her vision. They had a terrible time for the past two days. Their eyes were bloodshot and jumped at shadows, but she saw that they had genuine concern for her.

Brendel stood far away and watched this scene. A warmth spread in his heart.

The warm campfire and heartwarming affection permeated the air with the aroma from the food, seemed to have dispersed the gloomy darkness in their hearts. Even if it was just for a single moment, he could not help but feel touched by it.

It was a beautiful moment.

[The relationship between people should be what I’m looking at right now.]

Eventually, he walked up to a craggy white boulde, leaned against it and stared at the stars in the sky. They shimmered from time to time and looked like diamonds strewn across a dark purple curtain.

“Why aren’t you going over?” He suddenly spotted Romaine sitting at a higher place and asked.

She was hugging a bag that was placed on top on her legs. Her feet dangled back and forth in the air.

“They don’t like me.” She said.

“Why?”

“In their eyes, my aunt and I are weird people. Besides, which girl in a normal family would want to be a merchant? It’s normal that I don’t get treated well.”

Brendel retorted inside his mind.

[Woah, you actually know what’s wrong with yourself?]

He then realized that he did not have much of an impression of her aunt. She always traveled and was hardly home, and only came back once in a while to bring some strange items that Romaine might like.

Romaine might have adopted her unique personality because she was always by herself.

“Tell me about your parents. I don’t think we ever talked about them before right?” He asked.

“I have never seen them before. My aunt was already with me by the time I started to remember things. She even told me, ‘Little Romaine, remember to repay my kindness!'”





The young merchant girl giggled and gazed at the moon with bright lights.

Brendel looked vacantly at her.

“… So that’s why you want to become a merchant?”

“Yup.”

“That’s a strange way of thinking.”

“It’s fine if you think.”

They chatted for a while before Brendel saw Freya escaping from the crowd. She had appeared to be an affable, naive and simple girl, but once she turned back into the captain of the third militia squadron, she seemed to show off a little of the future Goddess of War’s vibe.

She promised Brendel to let him see Captain Marden earlier. Although she did not know what the young man wanted, like Irene, she had started to have a blind trust in him that he was able to bring them out of this predicament.

Freya was not trying to be reliant on him, but she was curious.

On the other hand, Brendel’s plan was this:

He had brought the militia and the Bucce’s guards together by coincidence, and he knew what sort of setback Marden would have next. Now that they are at this juncture in history, he needed to create a fork on it where they successfully escaped from the Madara undead.

In Brendel’s heart, his very first thought was to keep himself safe. But he quickly shrugged that thought off. If he did that, how was he able to face Freya, Romaine, little Fenix and everyone else in the militia?

His heart was in turmoil when he saw the future Goddess of War weep in the Green village. He had experienced enough failures back in the game in the past world, and wanted to live without any more regrets.

Brendel pondered on it and decided to continue walking down a new path yet unseen in history.

Romaine naturally did not want to leave his side, and so the three of them traveled across the valley and several campfires. They finally found the old man at the end of the valley. As expected, Bannett was also there, but Brendel ignored him and looked straight at the veteran soldier.

Brendel counted the years in his mind where he had not seen Marden.

[The game’s time is 8 times faster in the VRMMORPG… It means I have not seen him for at least thirty years in the game.] (TL: 30/8 = 3.75 years in real time.)

In the game, Marden was deeply unhappy in his late life but ultimately passed away in peace. His only one consolation was not seeing Aouine’s final moment where it fell into complete ruins.

Many players had a strong relationship with him. If the players had an exceedingly high reputation, he would teach many hidden skills that included scouting, swordsmanship and moving in the shadows. Most importantly, he taught the Warrior profession’s first advanced skill: ‘The Roar of Bravery’.

The old man did not appear too differently in his memory of the game. He seemed to be slightly younger, and the resolution in his face was stronger than it was in the future.





Brendel had spent time with him and knew his character well. He was calm and fearless, but he had a fiery temper and hated people who beat around the bush. It was better for him to express himself openly to gain a better impression.

But he still had a little reservation in his heart when he spoke to Marden. What was going to happen if this person’s personality in this world was different from the game? Even though he thought Marden should have the same character in this world, he found that the things that happened to him were too surreal to be certain about anything.

Upon hearing his thoughts, Marden’s eyebrows moved, and his forehead wrinkled up. Just as Brendel had predicted, the first to object was the young vice-captain of the guards, Bannett.

“What are your reasons for saying that we will lose in the upcoming battles?”

Brendel looked quietly at Marden, and the old man spoke: “Young man, I’m grateful for your loyalty to the kingdom. But I would also like to hear your reasons as to why we would lose.”

Brendel inwardly sighed with relief. He was most worried about the temper of the old man. Once he was able to speak freely to him, he had the confidence to convince him: “I have one question, do you know the size of the Madara undead in front of us?”

The young men present in the area were silent.

Marden did not speak as well, but he signaled to Bannett, who replied: “From the looks of the afternoon battle, the ones who continued to pursue us should be the same army which engaged us. There was an additional force that joined them as I noticed a difference in their flags. They are most likely commanded separately. Unfortunately, we don’t know the exact details about the Madara forces.”

Brendel looked at him in astonishment as he did not expect him to actually possess some measure of ability. It was impressive that he was able to make this conclusion from observing the chaotic battlefield.

“It’s not strange to not know the exact details about them since you don’t understand the kingdom of Madara.” Brendel said: “This kingdom has never been unified as one in reality. It was before the Era of Runes and Swords, when a group of exiled shadow shamans became the earliest dark lords of the Madara region, which then became a paradise for pirates and undead creatures…”

“What are you talking about?”

“Listen to him, Bannett. Be patient.”

“Hmph.”

Brendel smiled, as he knew he had gotten Marden’s attention. He’s a true veteran, and regardless of his temper, he had already gotten useful information from him.

“At the same time, this kingdom had a powerful nature to conquer other lands. The dark lords warred against each other repeatedly and attacked the surrounding lands without warning. Kirrlutz, Aouine and Osor and even the Baamrin region had suffered from them.

The dark lords possessed many divisions of elite soldiers because of their frequent wars. Even though their formations are a mess, their fighting strength cannot be ignored. The two forces that you saw today are most likely very different in their formations.

I would like to hear details as to what happened in your battles, and from there, I might be able to provide information that might be of use.”

“Brendel!” Bannett stood up in anger. “You liar, how would you know about the Madara’s force, I know that you well enough, you’re—-”





He wanted to continue speaking, but Brendel’s icy glare halted him. Bretton’s words died in him, and almost could not believe how he was silenced from Brendel’s expression.

The Brendel he knew of was not so domineering and was just someone who had just a little talent to him.

“Listen closely, Bannett. I am not here to argue with you.” Brendel emphasized every word. “I don’t expect you know to know how critical it is right now, but I’ll have you take responsibility for your actions for any time lost!”

Bretton was momentarily stunned before he bristled in a fury and was ready to fight.

“Tell him what we encountered, Bannett.” Marden interrupted them. His forehead was deeply wrinkled.

PS: If anyone spots any mistake, please inform me in the comments so I can correct things.



* * *





Vol.1 Chapter 20




TL: Ch 20. Edited Oct 28/2017.



Chapter 20 – The one who persuades



Bannett stiffly sat down and cast a sneering look at Brendel. He was certain in his heart that Brendel was definitely lying. They had trained together in the same military batch in Anchorite, and even though he did not see him after they went back to Bruglas, he continued to receive news about him and knew about his background.

His father was just a simple miller, his mother had some noble blood in her, and his grandfather was a knight who survived the November war. But what sort of extraordinary experiences would he have?

After Bannett was recruited into the guards, it was said that Brendel had decided to follow his father’s footsteps. The only thing that he did not know was why he went to Bucce and stayed there for a year.

It was highly unlikely that he had learned so much about Madara within a year. And if this bastard were to lie, he would have to face Marden’s scrutiny.





Bannett peeked sideways at his captain. Even though this old man’s temper was incredibly bad and a stubborn person as well, he was exceedingly sharp. Anyone who tried lying to him would easily be exposed.

Another young man from the guards picked up the conversation to stop the awkward silence after Bannett sat down. He spoke about the battle in detail, with the occasional nods from the others or additional lines from them added to his description. Bannett and Marden were the only two people who kept their silence.

Brendel noted Marden’s eyebrows were trembling from time to time which showed off his anxiety in his heart. Bannett, on the other hand, decided to simply watch everything in silence and ignore Brendel.

Brendel continued to listen to them and soon figured who they had encountered. The leader of the army who continued to pursue them from Bucce was most likely Rothko. He was a brilliant undead wizard in the game and given the nickname of ‘Corpse Wizard’ by the players. His talent was easily converting undead spirits into necromancers, and thus his army was replenished very quickly. Even though he did not have a high offensive stat, he was cunning, patient and made use of his army as cannon fodder to exhaust the enemy and deal a blow to their morale.

[Right now, he should only be at an apprentice level. Therefore, under Tarkus’s tactics, he would just be a leader of a middle-sized army. ]

Brendel wondered briefly if he encountered each other when he escaped from Bucce.

He did not need to guess about the leader of the second army’s identity. The one who razed the Green village to the ground was Kabias. The skeleton warrior was not famous in Madara’s history, but was considered as a veteran and definitely one of Tarkus’s generals in this battle.

A middle-sized undead army would have the numbers of over two hundred and at least twenty necromancers in them. Kabias’s army, as one of the main forces sent as a vanguard, had at least one-fifth of Tarkus’ left wing’s army. His large forces definitely had more than just skeleton soldiers and necromancers. It was highly likely that there were pale knights and dark warriors in the army too.

Brendel omitted many details to the Guards. He quoted legends and rumors to briefly describe their ranks, but stating their numbers was certainly out of the question. Even though he knew about the future, he had to tread carefully.

“I am not sure if you have heard of this location called Ansel. It’s the main region where the undead wizards are living in. Madara is split into three factions. One faction is the vampires, and one is the undead wizards. I’m going to skip the description of these two factions since you should have heard about them.”

“The last faction is one that also holds considerable might. These dark lords in this faction are comprised of holy knights that committed crimes, nobles that were exiled, pirates and undead wanderers. They worship the Black Bible, and are rulers that believe in Madara’s traditional ways.”

“All these stories are very interesting, but they are just stories.” One of the guards retorted.





“No, just think about it. If there is one person who could unify them, then Madara will return as the blight from the darkness. Right now, the current events match a certain prophecy.”

“You just said that this kingdom has never been unified before.”

“It has never been unified in the past, but their chance to do so is approaching before our very eyes.”

“What does this ‘unification’ has to do with our situation?”

“Of course there is, have you heard about the legend of the Mercury Staff?” Brendel suddenly changed to another topic.

“That’s also described in the same prophecy, right? It’s said that when someone possesses it, they will rule the darkness in the world?” Someone asked.

Brendel nodded.

“The full name is ‘The Mercury Staff of Loptr’. Loptr is a genius undead wizard, and he nearly unified the Madara kingdom. Fortunately, he failed at the end, and his staff went missing, and this legend was left behind. When someone possesses the staff, he will become the King of Darkness. And just this year of spring, someone had witnessed the appearance of the staff in Ansel.”

“Hold on,” Bannett’s expression suddenly changed. “The rumor a few months ago was real?”

“A few months ago?”

“Wait, I remember hearing about this. It’s some merchant who brought this news here, saying that someone opened a huge door using a strange staff.”

“‘The Door of Lament’.” Brendel added details to the horrified soldiers’ conversation, “That door leads to Loptr’s treasury and his throne.”

The old captain frowned: “Young man, even though I don’t understand the fights between these powerful people, you mean to say there has been a great change in Madara? It is indeed terrible news, and at the very least, it would mean that Madara is completely prepared for this invasion. Even though I don’t know what their goals are, they wouldn’t just invade us on a small scale, right? What you said sounds too ridiculous to be true, but that does not mean it is not possible.”

His hand that was full of calluses was placed on his knee, and it was near enough to draw his sword anytime: “Bannett. Do you know this young man?”

Bannett was startled. If he said that he was suspicious of Brendel, even though the captain would not immediately strike at him with the sword, he would at least tie him up and question him.

He looked at Brendel without hiding the ridicule in his eyes. But he thought for a while and did not choose to do something like that: “I know him, and I think he’s lying to us. But if I think about it rationally… He has no reason to lie to us.”

“What if he has been bribed by Madara?” Marden asked again.

“I have also thought about that, but that’s unlikely considering what he and the third militia squadron had been through. If this Madara commander had prepared things in advance, then I think our defeat was justifiable.”

“Very good, Bannett.” Marden patted his vice-captain’s back.

[Eh?]

Not only Marden, but even Brendel also looked differently at the young vice-captain. It seemed that this fellow had a pretty good head on him. He had the impression that he was too narrow-minded and could not become a true leader. He started to mull over on his assessment on him again.

If Bannett had denied knowing him or accused him of something, Brendel had the confidence to persuade Marden due to his knowledge of the future. However, that might have led to a situation that he might expose himself as a different person.





“Alright, then we’re going back to the real topic,” Marden said. “Kid, you believe that Madara’s goal is Fortress Riedon?”

“In the Grinoires region, Aouine’s defensive line is Stronghold Vermiere. Fortress Riedon protects the flank of that defensive line, so Madara’s goal can only be Fortress Riedon.” Brendel nodded.

Marden rubbed his nose and cursed: “Then the Madara forces that kept biting on our tails are their bigwigs? Fuck, why did we have to encounter this pile of pigshit trouble!”

“I don’t know the exact details,” Brendel said while he hid the knowledge that he knew everything: “But based on your description, there’s an undead wizard in the first army that pursued you, and one of the Dark Lord’s army that came as reinforcements.”

“The undead wizard’s army formation is comprised of necromancers as a platoon leader. It’s easy to recognize them. I believe the size is half a company of one hundred to two hundred undead. The Dark Lord’s army formation is more chaotic, but there should be at least the size of two companies, based on the size that invaded the Green village.”

“It sounds about right.” Marden nodded.

What he did not know was Brendel actually reduced the number by half. Even so, that number made everyone worried. The size of the undead army vastly outnumbered their thirty guard members who even brought a group of weak villagers with them. How were they supposed to break the siege?

The old captain also sighed.

“Alright, Brendel. Since you came to tell us all these things, would it be right for me to think that you have a solution? I can tell you right now, if the situation is as you have reported, then I have no confidence to bring these men out of this siege.”

Freya bleated with surprise.

But Brendel nodded: “I do.”

Everyone’s gaze suddenly focused on him, and even Bannett looked at him with shock and disbelief.

Brendel wiped his sweaty palms on his shirt and took a breath. He was slightly tense. Even though he had a plan, he had little confidence in it. Receiving the attention of everyone made him feel pressured. The next few sentences he was going to say, concerned many lives. He wondered if he needed to be more careful in his choice of words to convince them.





He reminded himself to think calmly and not leave out anything.

“Everyone should travel to the north and cross the River of Daggers.” He said.

“The River of Daggers?”

“Where is that place? Why do we need to go there?”

Brendel hesitated for a while. How was he going to explain that the ‘Pale Knight’ Ebdon and the ‘Undead Ghost’ Vlad will be late for nearly two days before surrounding that area?





* * *





Vol.1 Chapter 21




TL: As a reminder, Bretton = Bannett. I’m trying to change Bretton because it sounds too much like Brendel. In addition, I changed the land name where the Wizard Craftsmen are living to Galbu (there’s a clash with another name). Edited 28 oct 2017.





Chapter 21 – Three-pronged approach.



Brendel’s mind quickly spun. He thought if he had some form of scouting skill available, like ‘Eagle-eye’ or ‘Precognition’ or other related skills, he could persuade them. As his mind went through the possibilities, he suddenly thought of another way.

[Of course! That will work too!]

He wiped his sweaty palms again and relaxed.

“Right now the River of Daggers is in a state where it’s nearly unprotected. In the worst case, there’s only one squadron of undead defending there, so why not break through that area?”

Everyone’s initial response was almost the same.

“What, is that true?”

“How’s that possible?”

“How do you know that?”





Brendel raised his hand to silence them: “Bannett, do you recall that your guards found a half-broken statue in the green village?”

“The statue that looks like a devil, heavy and frightening, yes.” Bannett suddenly recalled a report from Zeta and Ryan. They had found it in the underground passage in a ruined shrine, discovered signs of a knight, and the guards expanded their search for him before finding the statue.

Brendel took the small black statue from his pocket: “That’s called a gargoyle. I think even the likes of you would have heard of it. It’s a war unit made by Galbu’s Wizards Craftsmen, and they control these gargoyles by using this thing here.”

He laid it flat on his palm and raised his arm for everyone to see clearly. The young guards that participated in the Green village’s search quickly recognized that it looked exactly like the statue.

“Wait, you mean to say you can control that thing?”

“Can it still move?”

“That thing has wings, can it fly?” The scout, Zeta, asked Brendel from the back.

“Yes, and it can fly as fast as a dragon. The army position for this unit is similar to our own kingdom’s flying dragon riders. It is one of the best scouts in a battlefield, and I used it to avoid the majority of the undead when the militia and I went to the Green Village.”

“During yesterday’s morning, I discovered that the Madara’s army in the north was stalled in their progress. There were at least three companies that stayed in Verbin as they did not lock down the northern shores in time. They had problems in cooperating there, and the undead armies currently in front of us have not discovered this mistake yet.” (TL: In case anyone forgot, a company in army size = 80 to 250 soldiers according to wikipedia.)

“Unfortunately, this gargoyle that I sent out earlier was discovered by the undead patrols and damaged as a result. When I ordered it to return, it landed in the Green village.”

Freya suddenly responded when Brendel finished explaining.

“So that’s the reason. Brendel, when you said you had something to do, it was this? No wonder you always managed to lead us away from danger and wanted to go to the green village with your injuries. If you wanted to repair that thing, why don’t you just tell us?”

Before Brendel could say anything, the future Goddess of War bowed her head.

“Sorry, Brendel, I’m also at fault. I was angry with you at that time, but I didn’t think that it was for our sake.”

[Hah……?]

Brendel suddenly felt that he was too much of a genius, as he actually managed to weave such a story out from nowhere. And it even let Freya connect everything from the beginning. He did not know whether it was because he was just too smart or because Freya was just too stupid.

He suddenly felt a little embarrassed when he saw Freya’s apologetic face. (TL: This scumbag Brendel!)

And with Freya’s speech, everyone started to believe in Brendel’s story. She was the best militia out of Bucce’s current batch, and even Marden had a good impression of her. She was also a native of Bucce, and surely she had no reason to lie to them, right?

Even Bannett rubbed his forehead and asked: “Can that thing still move?”

“I can’t say for sure. I’ll try my best to test it out. I already reestablished the contact with it, and the only thing left is for it to recover on its own.” Brendel lied without batting an eyelid.

[If I could move that thing, I don’t need to waste my time bullshitting you, pff.]

A level 23 gargoyle, never mind a necromancer, even if Rothko was to fight against it, he would have trouble handling it.

Bannett was unsatisfied with this reply: “You’re really as stupid as a pig. How did you let the enemy discover the gargoyle flying in the air? If we had this flying scout, we would be in a much better position.”

“Is your particular talent called ‘Shirking your responsibilities’? If I’m not here, will you forget to fight your own battles too?” Brendel mocked him.

“Hmph!”

“Alright, that’s enough. The battles ahead are our duty. Kid, we will believe in what you said. But the Madara undead in front of us are still alert, and it will be a different problem altogether when we bring the villagers along with us, compared to just the guards moving. Do you really think we can escape?” Marden asked pensively.

“This would have to be under your responsibility, Captain Marden.”

“Well said.” The old veteran could not help but look at Brendel thoughtfully. He found it strange that Brendel seemed to know what he was thinking at every other turn and answered it. He thought that if this young man changed his career and entered into politics, he would have a great future.

Only the Gods knew that Brendel understands Marden’s personality all too well.

Marden stood up and ordered: “On my command, the Bucce guards shall gather here and prepare to break out of this siege!”

“””Understood!”””

The guards stood up together at the same time.

Marden looked back and said: “Zeta, tell the villagers to let the men amongst them gather up. Now is the time for Aouine’s men to protect their home and families.”

Zeta looked puzzledly at him. “Captain?”

“What are you looking at? Are you afraid of death? Let me tell you youngsters; this is the moment where you fulfill your oaths when you joined the army. We will attack the Madara’s vanguard before dawn to break out of the siege, but I doubt anyone here will be able to survive.

However, that is fine! Because the Bucce’s villagers will sing of our bravery and tell everyone in this world that we are not afraid of death, and have fulfilled our responsibilities till the very end.”

The old veteran swept his gaze on everyone with his solemn expression:

“My old commander used to say this to me, ‘It’s a warrior’s duty to protect the weak.’ I give you now this exact quote, and I hope you remember the glory of defending your kingdom!

So, does everyone know what you have to be ready for?

Bannett, I want you to lead the rest of the villagers to escape from the River of Daggers. There’s only one thing needed here, do you understand?”





“I do.” Bannett’s eyes were heavy, but he bowed and replied.

“Very good.” Marden nodded: “Kid, and Freya, the two of you. I’m requesting you as members of the militia to immediately join the Bucce guards, do any of you have an objection?”

Freya immediately shook her head.

But Brendel nodded under everyone’s shocked looks: “I have an objection.”

Marden paused in surprise.

“Speak,” He looked at Brendel for a while: “If you’re afraid of death, then you can get the fuck out of here right now. Bucce’s guards have no use for cock-sucking cowards.”

There were murmurs of laughter from his surroundings, but strangely Bannett was silent. Brendel glanced at him in wonder, then his eyes fell onto Romaine, and he remembered what they had talked about earlier.





‘”I have never seen them before. My aunt was already with me by the time I started to remember things. She even told me, little Romaine, remember to repay my kindness!”

“… So that’s why you want to become a merchant?”

“Yup.”

“That’s a strange thought.”

“It’s fine that you think that way.”‘





Brendel smiled in his heart. He looked back at Marden.

“Captain Marden, from Bucce’s point of view, the decision you made is fine, but have you forgotten to ask a question?”

“What question?” Marden was once again baffled, becoming more and more curious of this kid.

“The three villages in the Bucce’s region act as a buffer for Fortress Riedon, and Bucce’s guards always had the responsibilities of alerting Fortress Riedon of any invaders. If you chose to leave just like this, then what will happen to Fortress Riedon that didn’t receive any warning? I don’t think that all the responsibilities you need to do have been fulfilled yet.”

Everyone’s faces gradually changed as they heard Brendel’s speech. He was right. If they merely led the Bucce’s villagers out of danger, they would not accomplish the responsibilities given to them. Stronghold Vermiere’s defensive line would be compromised if Madara managed to break through Fortress Riedon.

And if that was to happen, then someday the entire Grinoires’s region might be taken by the Madara’s undead army. The young men were at a loss for words when they thought that Madara might be able to invade the Aouine’s central city, Bruglas, with their undead army.

But what could they do here?

“We tried our fucking best!”

“We could only do so much under this damn situation!”

“It’s not that we abandoned Fortress Riedon, i-it’s Fortress Riedon that abandoned us!” (TL: What the?!)

But Marden just stared at Brendel. Since the latter pointed this out, it would mean that he had a solution.

“Indeed. I do know of a path that could bypass the siege and lead straight to Fortress Riedon. Even though the chance is small, it’s better than nothing.” When Brendel said this, the air in his lungs seemed to be squeezed out of him. He exhaled deeply.

He looked back at Romaine again who had lowered her head and was fretfully fidgeting with her bag.

“Which path is that?”

“The Zevail mountain pathway.”

Marden took a deep breath. Even though he had searched for various routes in his mind, he avoided this place subconsciously. He wanted to remind and ask Brendel if he knew how dangerous this pathway was.

This pathway was the south of Beldor’s forest, passing through the pine valley and river, and led to out to the wild woods of Aouine’s borders. Once they were out of the pathway, they were at the edge of civilization, but ever since ‘The Roaring Year’ (Year 350 of the first Era), no one ever came out alive after they entered this mountain path.

There was even a rumor of fierce dragons living in the valley.





He even thought there was a sliver of hope to survive from attacking Madara, compared to entering the pathway which would result in certain death. He contemplated for a long time but was unable to discard the idea that the path was more dangerous than the other routes.

“That’s a route of no return, kid.” The old veteran shook his head.

“There is no need to fulfill your responsibilities, only your attempt in doing so.” Brendel replied.

“But I can’t send my soldiers to death there, that would be irresponsible to them. A warrior should have glory in death.”

“That is not a problem.” Brendel replied: “I’ll go.”

There was complete silence.

“Wh-, say that again?” Marden was completely dumbfounded.

“I’ll go.”





“Why would you… the responsibilities of Bucce’s guards have nothing to do with you at all?! Kid, if you want to force yourself, why not join us?” The old veteran could not help but ask for the reason.

“No, I’m not forcing myself.” Brendel looked back at Romaine and gave a small smile. “I have my reason why I need to go there. If there are any other reasons, they are just there along for the ride. Now then, Little Romaine, are you willing to come along with me?”

“Brendel?”

Romaine stopped what she was doing and lifted her head up in delighted surprise.



* * *





Vol.1 Chapter 22




TL: Edited 28 oct 2017





Chapter 22 – Accident



The decision for a three-pronged approach was quickly accepted, and it was now a matter of how they were going to move out.

Marden would personally lead the guards to attack Madara’s undead army before dawn and attempt to break out of the siege, while Bannett will lead the remaining villagers across the River of Daggers. Brendel and Romaine will travel across the Zevail mountain pathway to inform Fortress Riedon of the attack.

They were going to move out in three hours.

Marden dismissed them, and the young guards quietly turned around and left. They did not waste their breaths on any more words, and only the sounds made were the clinking equipment being packed by them.

The campfire’s wood crackled as the flames flicked chaotically. Shadows swayed about on the ground that was full of leaves and pebbles. Everyone had many things to prepare for the attack. The final few hours of the night were like grueling torture to them.





Freya went to assemble the third militia squadron, while Brendel packed his own bag and stashed the remaining health potions that he found. The other bottle that he took from the tomb had been given to Jonathon.

Brendel was unwilling to see someone die before his very eyes and saved the youth, with the excuse of “I wanted to have Bucce’s citizens’ good will and his family’s gratitude” given to the militia.

He felt that his identity as a modern person was affecting him every passing day. He wanted to pursue a better world as he witnessed the cruel battlefield in front of him.

He randomly stuffed two days worth of food into the bag, mostly dried jerky and biscuits made with various ingredients. The Amber Sword’s world had stronger production values compared to the real medieval era on Earth. Thus there were abundant resources here.

Anyone who knew this world would understand their civilization level was relatively high, but progression seemed to have taken on a different route compared to Earth because there was magic in this world.

When he rechecked his items and pulled out a bottle of health potion, he was surprised. He discovered a hard piece of paper that was stuck under it. The paper looked like it was glued to the bottle, but he easily took it out.

It was slightly bigger than a poker card, with the width about the size of a palm. There were magical sigil patterns on the back of the card, and on the other side, an illustration of a knight kneeling on the ground, wearing a full set of armor with his hands raising the sword to the air.

At the top left-hand corner of the card, there was the number ‘II’ written in an ancient language, while at the center bottom were six yellow crystals. Brendel recognized these crystals in the game as a term called ‘Element Type’. Six yellow crystals represent ‘Earth Element’ and ‘6’.

Brendel was very knowledgeable about the game’s lore, and there were very few things that he did not know, but the card in his hand was a riddle that he knew nothing much about. He pondered for a while and was confident that it was taken from Gerald’s tomb, but that itself did not provide any clues to what this was.

He might be able to search the internet forums or the game’s information panel in the game, but here Brendel was limited to level 1 in all his knowledge skills in another world, what could he search for?

After considering all possibilities, he finally raised the card with his fingers, and asked the merchant girl who was concentrating on repairing the edges of her dress with a needle and thread.

“Little Romaine, do you know anything about this?”





“D-don’t call me that!” Romaine’s little eyebrows went up to her hair:

“Huh? What’s this, a tarot card?”

“I know what a tarot card looks like.”

“Then I have no idea what this is.”

Brendel scrutinized the card and wanted to say something more, but he suddenly squinted his eyes. He spotted Bannett and a few of the young guards pulling their horses into the trees’ shadows.

[What are they up to?]

He suddenly thought about the strange behavior that Bannett had put on when he was discussing with Marden. As suspicion grew in his heart, he kept the card away and stood up. He began to follow them.

“Wait here.” He said to Romaine.

“Sure.”

The guards might be youths with great potential, and their individual strength significantly surpassing an average person, but they were not alert to their surroundings. The entire group that walked in the forest did not discover the person tailing behind them at all.





Although, there was also the fact that Brendel was a veteran at moving in the shadows, from the time where he had to fight against the big guilds or to negotiate with them in the game. It was just that he did not realize that he was using these techniques subconsciously.

If a normal person saw how Brendel was tailing them, they would not see anything unusual about his movements, but Zeta who was scouting in the tree nearly had his eyes popped out. He immediately recognized the young man as Brendel. His captain had personally told the guards before that he was merely passable in swordsmanship and useless in all other areas.

The swordsmanship of a militia did not really count for anything in their eyes, and any of them could even defeat Freya or Irene. However, as members of the guards, they had their own pride and did not pick fights with a militia.

No matter how much Bannett hated Brendel, he would not say something like, “I’m going to teach you a lesson!”, because it would look like he demeaned his status as a guard.

Yet, at this very moment, what Zeta saw in Brendel was something completely different. He remembered the time when he was taught by a knight who received a Scarlet Medal, but his techniques definitely paled in comparison to this young man.

Brendel was like a shadow hiding in the darkness. Every time he moved, he avoided the ever-changing lights from the valley. It was by chance that Zeta spotted him because Brendel was in between the light and his position. Otherwise, he believed that he would have no chance of detecting him.



=========== Zeta’s POV ===========



[Is the vice-captain wrong about him? Perhaps he’s actually a scout for the capital’s army? Or is he Madara’s spy? What should I do? I can’t make any noise or I will spoil the vice-captain’s plan. The camp is only thirty meters away and any commotion made will draw the attention of the others.]

Zeta suddenly felt himself tense up.

He took a deep breath and gestured at Ryan who was in another tree nearby, indicating him to pay attention to Brendel’s direction. At first, Ryan was a little puzzled why Zeta kept pointing in a direction where nobody was at and even wondered if the latter was drunk, but soon enough he saw Brendel and his expression changed.

[Holy shit, is this guy a chameleon?]

“What are we going to do?” He gestured and ask.

“I’ll go up first, cover me from the right.” Zeta gestured back.

“Are you sure?”

“Yes, his skill in the sword is formidable, at least a ‘Second-class unranked Swordsman’.”





A ‘Second-class unranked Swordsman’ was a specialized term amongst swordsmen. The rank was the equivalent of the best guards, while a ‘First-class’ was of a white rank Swordsman’s strength, or equivalent to a player from level 15-20. Zeta was afraid that Brendel hid more of his capabilities, thus he treated him with utmost wariness.

Ryan nodded to acknowledge his plan.



=============== Brendel’s POV ===============



Brendel was in complete surprise.

[Twenty-odd men with ten-odd battle horses, classmate Bannett, are you trying to cause a mutiny?]

But he knew it was impossible and unnecessary for Bannett to do that. After following them for a while, they stopped and discussed quietly among themselves. When he wanted to approach closer, he suddenly felt he was in danger.

[It’s too quiet. Right about halfway through this journey, the insects suddenly stopped making noises.]

He used to pair up with a girl called ‘Shadow’ with the profession of ‘Nightingale’. Even though the scouting and searching were done by this profession in the game, Brendel learned enough from her and experienced many battles to adopt an instinctive sharpness, and even the slightest movement of a blade of grass was enough to put him on alert.

Just like how he foresaw Rothko’s search for him back then in Bucce.

Brendel immediately sensed an arm trying to wrap around his neck from behind, a technique used by scouts. Brendel took one step backward, his hands immediately working to grab the opponent’s elbow and wrist. He made use of his body weight and sank to the ground, and raise his arms upwards to pull and throw this unknown person, and instantaneously sent a black figure flying to the tree. The figure knocked against the tree and emitted a muffled sound of pain.

The strength between the two was about the same, but Brendel had the slight advantage of attacking first. However, he saw that the figure’s immediate action was not to defend himself but to rush at him, and a flash in his mind quickly made him realize there was another person nearby.

A silver flash of light streaked across the air, and Brendel’s ‘Thorn of Light’ was instantly unsheathed. He stepped sideways, and the sword was already at the other man’s neck.

The dim light from the reflection of his sword lit their faces.

Zeta and Ryan were astonished. Even though they thought that Brendel was perhaps stronger than their vice-captain, there had to be a limit to his skill. Even if Bannett was the top swordsman amongst them, it was impossible for him to fight against two guards at the same time.

They felt like they were somehow in a dream and just stared at Brendel’s sword.



================= Bannett’s POV =============



“Listen up, everyone. Captain Marden is an old veteran from the November War. Everyone here should be familiar with this point. He had already fulfilled his duty to the kingdom and proved his loyalty. We have an old saying, ‘If Mother Marsha allows you to live, then you should cherish your luck.’

We cannot allow a veteran who had survived against all the odds from the November War to bet his life once again. That is why I made this plan. Please allow me to lead all of you to protect Bucce. It is not because I desire to steal glory from someone else, but this is simply something that I cannot run away from.”

“Well said, vice-captain!”

“We will support you.”

“Captain Marden will understand.”

Bannett smiled. When Marden ordered him to lead the villagers to the River of Daggers, he decided to refuse his orders. However, he knew of the old man’s temper, and the latter would never allow him to object. Therefore he decided to make a bet.

He did understand that Marden was trying to protect him. The captain mentioned more than once that he would become someone of importance, a pillar to support this kingdom. But Bannett also understood that Aouine did not need any cowards.

Once he thought about it, he saw Brendel’s face in his mind. The useless bastard actually took the initiative to suggest crossing Zevail’s mountain pathway. He believed that Brendel was just trying to find an excuse and run away. It was definitely a possibility.

But right at this moment, a light noise in the quiet forest made everyone turn their heads.

They saw Brendel pointing his sword at Zeta and Ryan’s backs as they walked out from the bushes. At first, everyone did not react to this scene, then their expressions changed like they saw a ghost.

“Zeta?”

“Ryan, what happened?”

“Ha ha, we made a mistake.” Zeta’s face was one of embarrassment.

As for Brendel, he looked at the vice-captain with surprise on his face. He did not expect Bannett to be so bold; the latter actually wanted to lead these willing youths for a diversionary attack against Madara. What kind of courageous spirit did he have?

Brendel found it a little funny, but he also respected this decision. Was it merely a youth’s hot-blooded nature, or just his ideals? When he took a closer look at Bannett, he saw there were traces of responsibility in his eyes.

Bannett was glowering at Brendel. How could he not? If Brendel yelled out and alerted the camp, his entire plans would have been for naught.

“What do you want?” Bannett growled at him. He wanted to use a stronger tone but he was also hoping that Brendel would not divulge his plan, which he was almost certain of.

Brendel lowered his sword.



* * *





Vol.1 Chapter 23




TL: Edited 28 oct 2017.





Chapter 23 – Dawn, mountain pathway

“It’s too dark. It seems like it’s a bad time to take a stroll right now.” Brendel said with a smile.

His eyes quickly swept over everyone, and he walked straight to the center of the twenty-odd people in front of him.

The young guards subconsciously parted to let him cross. Bannett gripped the sword in his hand tightly. He glared menacingly at Brendel, but also refrained himself from taking any action, as he knew he would not be able to suppress the commotion if they fought. One of his men at his side tried to rush up to Brendel but was held back by Bannett’s other hand.

The tension in the forest was as taut as a bowstring.

But Brendel kept walking to the other end of the forest before he stopped and spoke.





“Bannett, the things that you learned in the guards included disobeying orders? Well, I’ll tell you now that your plan is shit. All of you should know Captain Marden’s temper well enough. Why do you even bother to try forcing him to agree to your petition? If it was up to me, I’ll just bring everyone out secretly and leave one person behind to inform him.”

Everyone looked at each other with a loss for words.

Bannett’s hand on his sword shook a little. A streak of suspicion flashed in his eyes, involuntarily wondering what the cocky bastard in front of him was planning.

“Quickly now, go ahead and tell me when you’re going to move out to attack Madara, so I can decide when to move as well.”

“…… Before the Crimson Star disappears.”

The young vice-captain thought for a while before replying. Even though he was wary of Brendel’s motives, his plan did sound more enticing, and the possibility to execute it was much better.

“Then you should go to the clearing of the ‘Fox Forest’ and hide there. That particular area should be the nearest and safest location to attack the Madara’s undead army. I’ll pick up a piece of paper, write up your excuses, and bring it to Marden to let him know what you’re up to after you’re gone.”

“……….”

“Also, be focused when you fight against the necromancers, their magic spells will only work against people with weak willpower!”

“Brendel, just what exactly do you want? How did you find Zeta and Ryan, and how did you manage to beat them?” Bannett asked darkly as he took his hand away from his sword.

“Alright, this might be our last meeting after we part. Whether we are rivals or simply hate each other’s guts, it’s possible that everything will become memories after this. In the end, we’re Aouine’s citizens, so I’ll wish you luck.”

Brendel waved his hand to indicate what he thought was not anything worth mentioning.

Bannett watched him leave silently.

………………………………………………………

Leaving Marden’s fury at Bannett’s actions aside, the old veteran found that there was no way for him to attack the Madara’s undead army any longer. He could only arrange for Freya to gather the villagers to form a defensive squad and prepare to break the siege at the River of Daggers in the north.

And right about this moment, Jonathon, who had lost his hand, was seeing Brendel and Romaine off. Little Fenix accompanied by his side to see them off too. Because of Little Fenix’s age, Freya forced him to leave the militia. He was dissatisfied with her decision, but he recovered quickly when Brendel praised him a little and insisted on following Brendel to Fortress Riedon.

Of course, Brendel did not agree to his request. He figured that he would probably be stabbed by Freya when he reached Anchorite if he allowed him to join.

Little Fenix was just too young and unsuitable, even though he indeed needed one more pair of hands.

Brendel stroked the brat’s head.

On the other hand, Jonathon was at the sides, opening and closing his mouth without saying anything. He looked at Brendel in shame. He knew that he survived because of him.





“I-I’m sorry…… Brendel, Thank you….. For saving me at that time.” He finally stuttered.

“It’s fine. Everyone has their moment of confusion. Jonathon, the militia is willing to bring you back because they believe you will return to them. Alright, concentrate. Don’t let anyone else look down on you any longer.”

“Thank you.”

Brendel nodded and looked up in the sky. The stars were beginning to fade, signaling the arrival of dawn. It was the darkest time of the night as the stars and moon disappeared, but it was going to be fine. Sunrise was coming soon.

He took his gaze away from the sky and lit torches together with Romaine. Even though it was a little unwise to light torches to travel in the dark with Madara’s undead around, they were leaving the area. If there were beasts that appeared, the biggest threats were probably going to be just mere wolves. He was certain that he could handle five of them easily.

The two of them left from the camp’s south and passed through the dense trees. The most common black pine trees in Grinoires appeared everywhere as far as they could see into the distance. There were occasional animal shadows that flitted in the light but quickly vanished.

They slowly walked past two hills, and the path became steep as they descended from the slope.

Anyone who saw their surroundings would be puzzled as to why the trees there were decaying. Many rugged and sharp boulders jutted out from the slope, and the valley in front of them was filled with such rocks.

“Brendel?” Romaine asked, suddenly finding the environment to be a little frightening.

“It’s nothing. Just follow me closely.”

Brendel knew his destination was getting closer when he saw this scene.

He had traveled this pathway in the game before. It was a very famous place amongst the players, and remarkably dangerous for anyone below level twenty.

He could not help but recall old memories of this place.

The Zevail mountain pathway started at the southern Beldor forest area, and the trees extended all the way to the Pine River. This area was excavated in the past to transport forest logs down the river, but the logging mills were mostly abandoned due to Madara’s expansion in the region.

The Zevail mountain pathway was disused and turned into a haven for illegal merchants who smuggled using the mountain pathway to avoid checkpoints.





Sometime later, a Golden Demon Tree set its roots in the area, taking the earth’s nutrients away, and the entire forest surrounding that area started to decay. It also killed all creatures which carelessly entered into that area, and the area was slowly perceived by people as a place of certain death.

The level 31 Golden Demon Tree had evolved to a ‘Rank Two creature’, and had the strength of a Silver-ranked Swordsman or a Wizard. Even the kingdom’s formal army did not want to go against this troublesome enemy.

Since it did not stop the communication between Fortress Riedon and Bucce, the kingdom’s knights chose to leave it alone.

But this location was a famous grinding spot within the game. The Golden Demon Tree remained undefeated in the game for the first three years, and the NPCs even made a wooden post in front of the entrance, where the Dwarven, Elven and Aouine’s common language were written on it:

“Beware! Those who enter this area should give up on all hope.”

Of course, some short-sighted players wanted to challenge themselves. However, these solo players who went in alone did not even get see the appearance of the boss and perished. It was about a year in before people started going in with parties to adventure there, but the furthest they went in was to the stretch of the Pine river before they were forced back.

This continued to the latter half of the second year, and there was constant news of entire parties who died there circulating in the bars, turning into a hot topic during meals. When the ‘War of the Black Rose’ happened for the second time, the parties that entered the mountain pathway dwindled down, but in exchange, they were much stronger.

Brendel recalled that he entered the mountain pathway around that time. His experience in the game was quite plain. He was neither aggressive nor was he conservative. He managed to go to the Pine River and witnessed the unending bleak scenery filled with dying trees and dark shadows.

What gave him the deepest impression, was not the sudden change of Bucce’s lush greenery to the death-like area here, but the strength of the enemies and unbelievably high encounter rate. His party was in a state of fatigue every day, and the party was finally dismissed when they could not continue onwards.

But two months after his stint, a guild called ‘Freedom’ completely tackled this area. They became very famous for a period. However, people realized afterward they were not that powerful, and simply found a special method to engage the enemy by luck. This method was released as a recorded video onto the internet by enthusiastic players and brought about a craze where players soloed the Golden Demon Tree.

Brendel was one of those people who benefited from the footage that was released, and managed to grind out an item called ‘Heart of the Golden Tree’.

The average level of the players back then was level 27.

But what he wanted to do here was simply to cross the mountain pathway and skip the Golden Demon Tree boss. He had the Ring of the Wind Empress, as well as the Thorn of Light that had a purification effect against the undead, so he might have a chance to survive.

He reminisced about his gaming years with relish. The prices of the magical equipment in the past did not go down for an entire year, and he did not think that he would be able to cross this pathway with his equipment stats over 10 OZ at such a low level.

Indeed, the godlike equipment he had now was something that he could not imagine.

Due to his knowledge in his past life, the facts that he owned two godly equipment from the very start made him feel surreal. If he was fortunate enough to escape from this disaster…. He felt a little-hotblooded thinking about the future.





Precisely because of that, he had to cherish the chance in front of him. He gripped his sword a little tighter and called Romaine to follow a little closer to him.

The future merchant girl seemed to have an aptitude for adventuring. She nimbly jumped onto the sharp boulders on the way down to the valley without any trouble.

Even though dawn had probably broken by now, the darkness around them did not seem to lift. The only sources of light came from their burning torches, illuminating their rocky surroundings with long shadows.

If one were to look at them from afar, they would appear like two stars within the forest.

Brendel recalled there was a plateau nearby that allowed them to avoid encounters. It was too dangerous to enter the Zevail pathway currently, so he decided to travel in the daytime where it was a little safer to cross the pathway, and they were also likely to be out of the range of Madara’s undead army by now.

The earliest undead army to reach Fortress Riedon in history was Kabias’s division in the morning of the third day. This would mean that he had a full day to arrange his plans. The time remaining was plentiful.

He raised his head up and saw the outline of a sign in front of him.



* * *





Vol.1 Chapter 24




TL: Edited 29 Oct 2017





Chapter 24 – Withered trees



The deeper they went into the mountain pathway, the more desolate the scenery became. There was nearly no vegetation on the ground, and the path that was void of life was filled with intersecting rocks that appeared like sharp fangs.

Wilted brambles and grass had grown from within the cracks of the walls. Withered trees seemed to manifest themselves in the distant darkness. The cold wind could be heard blowing through tree branches like ghastly whispers.





Brendel knew that the Demonic Trees drained the nutrients from the soil and turned into this to a barren wilderness that people came to know about. He raised his torch, and there were occasional decrepit skeletons that appeared in the shadows. They seemed to be animals like mountain goats which had accidentally barged into this forbidden area and turned into the Demonic Trees’ food.

Romaine nimbly followed behind with her torch raised with one hand, while she gripped her bag with the other and looked everywhere with curiosity and tension. It was the first time that she traveled this far away from her home, and she felt like she was beginning to fulfill a merchant’s dream. The difficulty, excitement and the endless wealth and treasures awaited her, just like how this dream nurtured the numerous other merchants and adventurers in this continent.

She even had a sense of security by following Brendel.

The two sources of light passed through the narrow valley. Brendel’s hand was placed over his sword’s hilt. Once he passed through this area in the game, he would have entered a den of monsters of a certain type called the Rotting Beasts.

The Golden Demonic Tree was a terrifying creature. It was a variant of the Golden Trees, and its former body was most likely the Holy Elven Tree. However, ‘The Tree Shepherd’ who belong to one of the great evil cults, implanted the tree with the ‘Blood of Gods’ and turned it into a Golden Demonic Tree.

In this chaotic world, darkness thrived where civilization’s fire was unable to reach. Not only did the undead exist, but there were also regions where leaders found their own evil cults. In the game, evil disciples followed the footsteps of ‘The Tree Shepherd’ and did surreptitious things. There were signs of their actions everywhere, letting people know of their existence, but no one knew what their motives were.

Even Brendel was no exception.

The Golden Demon Tree had two abilities. The first was to turn plants into living creatures. It was able to turn shrubberies into monsters in the form of humans, and they were called Rotting Beasts. These Rotting Beasts were the scouts of the Golden Demon Tree which populate every area of this narrow valley.

A single Rotten Beast in the game was level 7, and their strength was roughly the equivalent of the guards that Brendel saw, but their intelligence was considered low. Veteran-ranked Rotten beasts were over level 13, which were difficult opponents for him.

The second ability it had was to infuse its fruits with Demonic Mana. When the fruits of the Golden Demon Tree fell onto the ground, it would turn into a wilderling creature, growing to over two meters tall within a day. These are elite guards of the Golden Demon Tree, and their level was between level 20 to 22. The only chance Brendel had if he encountered them was to use the Ring of the Wind Empress.

After several decades, these Rotten Beasts and Demonic Creatures had accumulated to a large number. If Brendel did not attain his current equipment, it would have been an impossible task for Romaine and himself to pass this narrow valley. He would also have to take special care to avoid the Golden Demon Tree which had reached a Grade 2 Ranked Creature.





They continued to progress with shuffling sounds from their footsteps, which sounded a little frightening in this lonely area. Brendel fondly remembered that he used to come here with a large bundle of ropes, oil, torch, dry rations and a hook to this area and fought the Golden Demon Tree hundreds of times.

The loot from the Golden Demon Tree was between 20 OZ and 30 OZ, and the best drop from it was the legendary ‘Heart of the Golden Tree’, which restored 1 hp every minute and considered to be a godly artifact in the early game.

The only difference Brendel felt was the future merchant girl following behind him. He suddenly felt that it was somewhat romantic to adventure with the girl that he was interested in.

“Brendel?” Romaine suddenly whispered to alert him.

He turned around and noticed her gaze on his hand. He was slightly surprised as he found the Thorn of Light to be glowing with white light from its sheath.

[There are undead nearby!]

He was startled but immediately realized that the Madara undead might have sent a squadron to patrol this area to ensure no one slipped through their grasp. He relaxed a little as he considered a undead squadron to be an easy battle, as long as he did not alert the Rotten Beasts in the valley.

He pulled out the sword and started testing various directions. It turned brighter as he pointed to a specific location and he immediately knew they were ahead. He gestured for Romaine to stick closely to him and extinguished their torches and moved in that direction.

Indeed, there was a squadron of undead. Leading them was the Necromancer Kabara. Its performance in Bucce not only let the human scout escape, but it also led to the demise of a fellow Necromancer. Rothko assigned it to this area to punish it for the disappointing performance, and also to remind it not to be too eager to display himself in front of its master or superior. (TL: Kabara appeared in Chapter 5.)

Kabara understood its error, but the urgent issue was how to defend against the Rotting Beasts in front of him.

The necromancer and its soldiers had first defeated a Rotting Beast in the form of a human with full of thorns, but three other Rotting Beasts immediately charged at them. A pair of flaming eyes protected by branches was located presumably on their heads, and they glared at the undead soldiers. When Brendel took a further look, he saw there were broken skeleton bones around the Rotting Beasts.





Their battle had begun.

[What exactly are these creatures?!]

Kabara’s green flames dimmed in its eye sockets.

Seeing that the enemy was going to attack again, he could only reluctantly order its skeleton soldiers to change their weapons to their bows. The soldiers lit their arrows with a ghastly blue Soul Fire, and a wave of arrows shot at the creatures. Two Rotting Beasts that were struck by the arrows roared while their branches swayed about, causing a shuffling sound and they fell onto the ground, turning into two bright bundles of intense flames.

The necromancer instantly chuckled. They were indeed stronger than their skeletons, but these plants were afraid of fire. What a blunder, how did it not think of this point earlier? Kabara raised its staff and caused the remaining Rotting Beast to explode into two halves, and a shower of wooden splinters flew everywhere.

Brendel climbed onto a white boulder and involuntarily laughed when he saw the necromancer gloating from the victory.

[This moron is heading toward its death. It actually used magic here.]

The Golden Demon Tree’s favorite nutrient was mana, and it sought after it like a drug. If there were any ripples of mana caused by any spells, it would immediately appear. This necromancer might not have known about it, but its demise was inevitable.

But this also meant that they were in trouble, and they needed to find a way to go someplace higher; otherwise, they would be killed along with this mindless undead.

He turned to Romaine and pulled her down. She had been looking and blinking at the undead. Her bright eyes did not contain fear, but curiosity.

“I recognize that necromancer.” She whispered.

“Shhh!”

Brendel treated what Romaine said as a joke. The undead’s appearance was similar enough to each other to make it hard to identify them, and they basically had no difference in their outer appearance other than the ripples of their soul. It was not only limited to the low ranking undead, and even when he identified the higher ranking ones, he did it by finding the decorations on their body or special bodily traits.

“I really do recognize it, Brendel, this was the one that I saw at your home from far away.” She swore.

“Okay, just lower your voice, if you alert them, we are going to be in deep trouble.”

Brendel squinted. He had already seen shadows advancing from the darkness, and based on their movements they should be Rotting Beasts. After counting over thirty of them, he stopped. The numbers were still increasing, yet the necromancer had not ordered the skeletons to extinguish the Soul Fire on their arrows. The Rotting Beasts were attracted to light, and he decided to treat them with their deaths as a foregone conclusion.

“There seems to be a lot of things around us, Brendel,” Romaine said.

“Yeah, come with me. Lower your body, and don’t alert them.”

The two people continued to climb higher slowly with Brendel leading in front. He started to note the good points of bringing her along. She did not panic at all under this situation, and it was a difficult thing for a normal person to do so.

He recalled in the game where a bunch of female players in the party would scream whenever they entered some frightening places. But that was not the most embarrassing situation, as some of the guys also did the same thing.

He reminisced as he progressed upwards and looked down quietly from time to time.

The rotting beasts had started to gather into torrents from several directions below, surrounding the necromancer and the few skeletons. Kabara finally felt something was amiss, and started to cast a spell of Shadow Curtain. But before he finished chanting, two dark red creatures came out from his blind spot from between the boulders and smashed his remaining skeleton soldiers to bits.

[Marsha above, Lord Rothko! What are these damn things, there was no need to patrol here at all!]

The necromancer did not care about its subordinates at all as there was no compassion within the undead. But it was allowed to have a sense of self-preservation, and it jumped up onto the boulders quickly. A necromancer’s agility and strength were not low, but people tend to be misled by their appearance.

Brendel did not enjoy this scene at all because the necromancer jumped toward to his direction.

[Are you fucking kidding me, can’t you choose a better direction?!]

He obviously did not dare to pull out the ‘Thorn of Light’, otherwise in this darkness, it would become a ‘Lure of Light’, where every enemy would have its eyes on him.





Fortunately, a dark red Rotten Beast suddenly jumped up to grab the necromancer’s ankle which made it sink a little. Right at this moment, the Rotten Beasts had surrounded this area, and all the skeleton soldiers had probably been crushed to bits. If Kabara hesitated for one second, it would have followed their fate.

[Kill it!]

Brendel yelled in his mind.

He felt Romaine gripping his shoulder from behind, almost as if she was as tense as he was. Anyone who saw the situation would see that their positions would be exposed if the necromancer came any closer.

But Romaine’s breaths landed on his ears and made him a little distracted. He turned around to look at her and found she was staring at some other place.

[Huh?]

Brendel subconsciously looked into her direction, and his heart plunged into an icy river.

TL: Uhh… cliffhanger.



* * *





Vol.1 Chapter 25




TL: Edited 29 oct 2017





Chapter 25 – Minute and second



Brendel followed her gaze and nearly let go of his Thorn of Light, both sword, and scabbard, out of his hand from a tremble.

[What the hell?]

At the narrow valley where it intersected the area of sharp boulders, the field at one end was filled with throngs of Rotten Beasts chasing after the necromancer Kabara on the cliff, resembling a tidal wave that was climbing up slowly.





And on the other side, there was a slim figure that was also climbing up the narrow valley’s cliff in his line of vision. She carried a huge bundle on her back, and a sword was hanging from it, swaying along with the girl’s long ponytail as she slowly proceeded forward.

[Freya?]

He rubbed his eyes, almost thinking that he saw wrongly. But Romaine wouldn’t be wrong at spotting her, and the reason why she was nervous was that it was definitely Freya. But did she not follow Marden to the River of Daggers, why did she appear here? He could not believe she would abandon the militia’s third squadron.

“Brendel, that’s Freya.”

“I see her, just don’t make any sound, I’ll think of something!”

“She will be caught by them, so we need to help her right?” She turned her head back and asked testily.

“No, Romaine! I don’t need your help on this matter. I’ll definitely think of something.”

He found it was a great pity that he did not even have the chance to go bonkers. The situation was very delicate, and the key to changing it was not in his hands. It was decided on whether his luck was good today, and unfortunately, it looked like he was not.

The undead’s situation was just as bad. Brendel turned back and saw the necromancer cutting out his feet without any hesitation, forcing the Rotten Beast that had grabbed onto it fall into the midst of the other monsters.

It quickly flipped over and used its bony hands to climb up the cliff. Its 1.7 OZ strength allowed its light skeletal body to climb rapidly as if it was flying on it. However, when it boosted itself upwards mid-way of the cliff, it suddenly paused.

Kabara raised its head, and the green flames in its sockets illuminated a male human’s shocked and angry face on top of a gigantic boulder. While it felt that the ripples of his lifeforce were a little familiar, it was of no importance, because it had already raised its bone staff at Brendel.

[A human maggot.]

It thought in its mind.

Brendel was unable to care anymore at this moment, he pulled out his sword with a singing ring, the Thorn of Light bursting with dazzling radiance in the darkness, and thrust it straight into Kabra’s forehead, creating a light crack. A golden flame surged forth from the crack and spread everywhere.

“Ga—” Half of a word was stuck in Kabara’s throat. The speed from Brendel’s thrust was so swift that it was unable to react, and it felt it was reaching the end of its life.





Kabara had once thought it would become a great necromancer.

It tried to stagger backward, but the youth grabbed its bony hand. It was surprised for a moment, wondering why he wanted to save it. Yet it was a undead that forever worshiped the Dragon of Calamity, how could it ever accept a lowly human’s aid?

Just when it was feeling vexation over his actions, it saw that he smoothly pulled off the ring from its index finger.

[Despicable! You human maggot, bandit……]

This was Kabara’s last thought, and the Soul Fire in its eyes was extinguished.

Three experience points.

Brendel was surprised that this necromancer had a remarkable Ring of Spiders which added +0.2 Perception. The familiar patterns struck out at him, as he had one in the past that he kept as a souvenir and did not throw it away.

Perception was a stat that allowed a character to sense its surroundings and boosted hearing, smelling, sight, touch and taste to complete a comprehension towards space and objects.

It was a fundamental attribute in the game. There was a low-level dungeon in Bruglas called ‘The Public Mausoleum’, where it did not allow the usage of a fire. Parties had to keep dodging a high-level monster in the complicated passageway in it, and items that raised perception and agility were once highly sought after because of it.

Brendel’s friend had once given this exact ring to him, and when he reminisced about it, he felt tearful. He nearly sold everything he had to gather a full set of 10 OZ worth of perception equipment, and in the end, he still failed to complete ‘The Public Mausoleum’.

With the chain of thoughts, he suddenly recalled there was a wonderful item for warriors within this dungeon, The Emblem of Bravery, +2 Military swordsmanship. He patted his head, as he had forgotten about this item. He had spared no expenses in order to get this emblem in the past.

“Brendel, Brendel!” Romaine’s voice was full of anxiety.

He was startled, the merchant girl did not panic so easily, did something happen to Freya? He quickly threw the necromancer away and saw a Rotten Beast which caught up to Freya. It extended its withered branch-like claws and grabbed onto the bundle’s strap that the girl was carrying, and hauled her backward. (TL: Yes, Brendel, daydream away and see if anyone remains calm…)

“Freya, be careful!” Romaine exclaimed in surprise, and she stood up and wanted to run downwards, but Brendel grabbed her and pulled the girl who could not read the situation back.

[Seriously, please stop adding to my pile of troubles!]

“Just stay here and wait!” He threw the Ring of Spiders at Romaine to let her look after it.

There was a limit to how much magical equipment a character could use, and the witches speculated that it had something to do with a human’s mana pool. Brendel, a level 2 mercenary had reached the peak of what he could use when he had 40 OZ worth of equipment.

“Okay, Brendel, but…..”





When he looked around his surroundings one more time, he realized that he was worried to leave this clumsy girl here. He had pulled out the Thorn of Light earlier, lit the area and attracted attention to himself. If he left her there, she might be attacked.

If Little Romaine got injured, he would really regret it. But Freya was also in the midst of grave danger, and he already treated this determined and kind lass as his most important partner, how could he do nothing at all? He was really in a dilemma here.

All these thoughts passed through his mind in a fraction of a second.

At the bottom of the valley, Freya shrugged off the Rotten Beast’s claws and struggled to run forward two steps before falling. Her helpless eyes glimmered with a little hope when she saw them in front of her.

“Brendel—” She got dragged backward before she managed to finish her sentence.

“Pull out your sword.” He shouted.

“It’s grabbing on to my bag; I can’t get to it–”

[This blockhead!]

He decisively passed the Thorn of Light to Romaine: “This sword can curb them, protect yourself!”

“What about you, Brendel?”

The youth shook his head to inform her not to worry and ran towards Freya’s direction.

[Damn it. This isn’t the first time anyway. If fate likes to play jokes on me, then go ahead and do so.]

Monsters seemed to like picking off the weak first just like how it was in the game. Before he even jumped down, a human-shaped shrubbery had blocked his path.

A young Rotten Beast, level 7 creature, with 2.2 Strength, 3 Physique, 1.2 Agility, Dark attribute, weak to fire and striking, half-resistant to piercing attacks.

Brendel’s memories came back in a rush. The unique points of a plant-type monster were its high physique, but low agility and the Thorn of Light was truly their bane. Except he did not have it right now. He gritted his teeth and cursed quietly. The only thing he could rely on was his 2.1 Agility, and he did not intend to waste time with this enemy.

The Rotten Beast in front of him did not feel the same way as it lumbered heavily towards him. Even though it was in a human shape, it ran on all fours, completely looking like a wild human that had not evolved.

Brendel dodged sideways to avoid its claws, and the sharp tips of the branches scratched a few bloody marks across his forehead. He thought it was fortunate that it was not undead. Otherwise, the debilitating poison in his body would accumulate again.

But he did not have the time to celebrate as a green line scrolled down in his retinas:

“Emergency warning: You have been affected by a paralyzing poison.”

[Fuck! I completely forgot about this!]

Brendel nearly cursed out loudly.

Because he was over level twenty in the game and could easily pass through the Rotten Beast’s territory stealthily, he forgot that this creature’s attacks also had poison. Even if it were weak, the combination of the remaining debilitating poison and paralyzing poison would cause significant deficits to his status.

Even though he cursed his mistake, his actions did not slow down at all. His hands grabbed the enemy’s thorny claws and pushed it back, targeted the dark red Rotten Beast and used the ability ‘Charge’.





This dark red Rotten Beast was a mature type.

Brendel took a deep breath. A mature Rotten Beast had 4.7 Strength which surpassed even a Gargoyle. A Grade 1 Rank creature’s power, was not easily trifled with. But he suddenly noted something strange. A mature beast should have dragged Freya away easily right?

Brendel used the young Rotten Beast as a stepping platform and kicked off from it, did a spin in the air, and his skill activated, his speed accelerating across the sharp intersecting rocks with a blurry afterimage.

Dozens of meters were covered in a mere second.

“Let go of your bag, Freya!”

But she held on to it and shook her head defiantly. One of her hands grabbed onto the nearby rock, but she was unable to hold on much longer. One of her fingers slipped.

But he finally reached before she let go of her hand entirely.

“Lower your head!” He bellowed, and he pulled out her sword on the bag when he charged over, then sliced off the strap that the mature Rotten Beast was holding on to.

The dark red human-shrubbery figure immediately lost its balance and fell backward. It tried to regain its stability by grabbing on to something, but Brendel followed up quickly with a kick to the chest, and it fell backward to a deep recess in the valley.

Rotten Beasts were very light, and the one that fell might not perish from it, but it certainly would not be able to climb back up for a while. Brendel finally relaxed after he saw that it disappeared into the darkness. However, he snapped his head back, and his tone became severely reproachful:

“Are you trying to die!”

Freya raised her head and looked at him with her bright eyes. She probably did not expect him to be so furious, and she bit her lips, turning her head away stubbornly.

He wanted to continue his excoriation but paused when he suddenly saw that her hands were full of abrasions and blood. Furthermore, their dangerous situation was still not resolved. He sighed and pulled her up and said: “I have many things to ask you, but we will talk later. Romaine is still waiting for us up there.”

“Okay.”

When he wanted to turn back, he saw two golden light entered into his chest. Two XP. He looked back in shock and discovered Romaine raising her skirt with one hand while carrying the Elven sword with the other, running down towards him. The young Rotten Beast had been carefully skewered by her and turned into a pile of ashes.

The merchant girl was also shocked when she saw the results, not expecting the sword in her hand to be so powerful!

“Why did you also come down?” Brendel suddenly felt an urge to send a smack on her head.

“I thought very seriously for a while, Brendel, but I think I don’t have the means to defend myself.”

He went speechless for a while.



* * *





Vol.1 Chapter 26




TL: Edited 29 oct 2017.





Chapter 26 – Elite Rotten Beast



“You’re going to scold me right, Brendel?”

“No, just quickly come over. Be careful.”

Brendel felt frustrated and amused over Romaine’s careful steps. But he stiffened when he looked up; three young Rotten Beasts were occupying the boulder he and Romaine were at earlier.

He then surveyed his surroundings and found they had become the shrubbery monsters’ targets after the undead squadron was annihilated. It was especially true when the merchant girl still held the shimmering Thorn of Light, as it was like a candle’s flame in the darkness, attracting the servants of the Golden Tree.

Brendel could almost hear the Golden Demon Tree roaring for its thirst of mana in his mind. They had to leave this place before as they even might even encounter Demonic Creatures, the personal guards of the Golden Demon Tree. He turned back to Freya.

“How about it, can you still go on?”

Freya nodded.





“Then we will be going up from the other side, take your sword and be careful.” He said as he passed the girl’s sword back over to her. Even though the Rotten Beasts occupied the high grounds where they originally were, there were none of these shrubbery monsters in the opposite direction.

These plant creatures’ speed was not very fast, and they moved across the intersecting boulders only as fast as normal humans. Their main advantages were their numbers, familiarity with the land, high physique and resilience. But he had to find a way to escape them.

Freya brought her bloody hands onto the steep slope, and the pain made her flinch, but she gritted her teeth and tore her sleeves to get makeshift bandages and wrapped them around her hands. She then continued to climb up the sharp rocks.

Brendel felt sorry and admiration when he saw this scene. However, there was not much time left, so he quickly took back the Thorn of Light back from Romaine and let her climb up first. When he looked again, two Rotten Beasts below them were already on the move.

“Brendel, hurry up!” Romaine said.

Freya’s face was pale from the anxiety and stretched her hand towards him. But he did not have the time to reply to them. The two Rotten Beasts had half stood up and hissed threateningly at the youth.

From a certain viewpoint, these Rotten Beasts did not count as intelligent life and were purely the puppets of the Golden Demon Tree.

Brendel swung his sword horizontally, and the flash of light cutting through the darkness made them retreat slightly. He wanted to grab Freya’s hand with this slight opening, but they immediately charged forward with a low roar.

[You really are seeking death!]

Brendel became furious and used his high agility to jump up, flew across in mid-air and used the Rotten Beasts’ heads as a foothold and swiveled, his upper body already in the best position for an attack.

A horizontal slash in a smooth arc.

“Ah.”

Freya uttered in surprise, finally knowing how far apart she was from Brendel in swordsmanship. She did not think herself as talented, but her greatest pride was believing that she had worked harder and was more focused than most people to do something; Her swordsmanship which was the best in the militia did not mean she was talented, and very few people noticed how much effort she put into training.

This was the reason Marden admired her and made her the leader of the militia squadron.

But her swordsmanship’s foundation could only be considered as solid, while Brendel’s swordsmanship was truly extraordinary and if there were a word to describe it, it would be ‘flawless’.

With a single slash, a head was lopped off, without any mistakes at all.





A ring of silver fire burst out from the headless Rotten Beast’s wound and quickly consumed the creature. The other Rotten Beast shrieked sharply at him, its claws suddenly extending and they swung at him. As Rotten Beasts rarely did this, many people were deceived by the range of their attacks, but Brendel was unfazed.

[Fool me once, shame on you, fool me twice, shame on me!]

He had already experienced it before in the game, why would he step into the same trap again?

He was already prepared for this attack and raised his sword to block it. The Rotten Beast’s claws struck against the Thorn of Light and caused a shower of silvery sparks to fly everywhere. It retreated in agony, but Brendel did not let the chance slip and launched a counter-attack.

He took a big step forward and thrust the Elven sword straight at it.

This was his common technique in the game, but his basic stats and current swordsmanship level made him feel exceedingly clumsy when he executed the attack, with his timing also lagging behind. He took note of his delay and estimated that an Iron-Ranked swordsman would easily be able to avoid his sword, but right now the Rotten Beast had no chance of dodging it.

The sword pierced through its throat.

Fiery silver flames burst out from the entry and exit wounds, turning the Rotten Beast into a pile of ashes in the blink of an eye. 6 golden lights flew in the sky and into Brendel’s chest.

The strength of the ‘Purification’ greatly surprised Brendel. He had never seen anything like it in the game.

“Brendel, you’re actually so skilled!” Romaine was momentarily stunned.

Freya was at a loss for words. She assumed that Brendel belonged to Bruglas’s militia, but now that she thought about it, he was most likely lying to her. She was not a fool; how could a militia be so skilled unless he was bluffing?

In truth, the two of them were not skilled enough to judge Brendel’s current level. He severely lacked in speed and strength, and the techniques that he barely managed to use were due to his experience.

He also made use of the large difference in the agility between him and the Rotten Beast, and thus was able to execute his mid-air spin, but if he faced another enemy, he would definitely not attempt this method. Without the proper stats and skill level, many of the techniques he knew were mostly useless.

[What a joke, I’m actually painting a target on my back if I do this stunt without unsealing my ‘Element’ status.]

Brendel did not spend any time enjoying the girls’ reactions as he noticed that more Rotten Beasts were climbing up. He quickly signaled for the two of them to continue climbing, and subconsciously looked at the pile of ashes. It was a gaming instinct of his, and funnily enough, he wanted to see if any loot dropped from them.





[Of course not. Well, it’s certainly different from the game, didn’t they at least drop 1 or 2 copper coins?]

He shook his head and continued climbing up the slope.

A mature Rotten Beast had superior strength and physique compared to a young Mature Beast, but its agility was only two-thirds of their 1.2 Agility. Romaine and Freya had standard militia training, so their speed did not lose out to a young Rotten Beast, not to mention Brendel.

The three of them kept climbing higher and higher, gradually pulling away from the shrubbery monsters. However, the latter had the seemingly endless stamina and kept pursuing them, and this cat and mouse game continued for several minutes.

The differences in physique were starting to show.

Even though Brendel was not affected much, Freya had started to pant a little, and Romaine’s face was as pale as a sheet. Brendel offered to carry her on his back, but she refused to let him do so.

He looked back at them, and they were behind them approximately tens of meters away. It was fortunate they had not surrounded them from the front due to their lack of intelligence, or else it would have been over. But it was a matter of time before they caught up to them, as a young Rotten Beast had 3.0 Physique which was even higher than his own.

He looked up and checked the distance to reach the peak of the mountain. It was not too far away.

Romaine suddenly shouted breathlessly: “Brendel, look over at the other side on top of the mountain!”

He followed Romaine’s instruction. His pupils contracted slightly as he saw a gigantic Rotten Beast that was over three meters tall, which had suddenly come out from a fissure. It moved quickly towards them.

[Holy shit! An Elite version, this is the leader of the Rotten Beasts!]

He loved to see this creature in the game, but now he was hurling every known expletive in his heart at it. This particular thing was an evolved version of the Rotten Beast as it had directly received the Golden Tree’s blood. Not only did it had an increase in both strength and physique, but most importantly, it had 1.7 agility which would definitely match his party.

“Freya, Romaine, both of you need to quickly go to the edge of the slope over there, and climb upwards to that vertical cliff. There are a grappling hook and rope in my bag, and once we climb up these monsters would not be able to catch up with us for a while!”

He decisively threw his bag to Romaine. He was the only man here, and he had to take up the responsibility.

Even though there was gender equality back in his world, it was an etiquette for the guys to be in charge of defending the rear in the game, and he made this decision immediately without thinking.

“I’m staying behind,” Freya said.

He looked and saw her determined face. He knew that he was unable to persuade her, so he nodded. But this was also because he needed another assistant and at least Freya was a suitable candidate. Romaine who lazed around in militia training and aspired to be a merchant instead was surely not.





“Romaine, hurry, we’re depending on you.”

“Okay, Brendel!” She nodded as hard as she could and moved to the designated area as fast as she could.

The Elite Rotten Beast quickly leaped towards them. The throng of Rotten Beast was approximately forty meters away. Brendel and Freya looked at each other and estimated they had approximately thirty seconds to finish this battle.

“The range of its claws are three meters long, so be careful of its attacks. We should stand apart from each other. It is also able to shoot the thorns from its body, and they are poisoned. Be sure to dodge this attack from the front.”

She clenched her sword nervously and took a deep breath. Even though she did not know why Brendel knew all these, she was certain that he would not lie to her. She tried to calm herself and nodded quietly.

Brendel grasped his own hands. They felt a little stiff. The paralyzing poison from before had started to show an effect. He opened his character window to check his stats and discovered that his agility had dropped 0.1 OZ.

He then eyed the Elite Rotten Beast with a lament.

[Elite Rotten Beasts only drop money in the game, it’s over ten silver coins! Surely there would be some loot here right?]

But judging from the previous example… He grumbled inwardly.





* * *





Vol.1 Chapter 27




TL: Edited 29 Oct 2017





Chapter 27 – Soul Gem



The gigantic Rotten Beast raised its branch-like claws that were the size of a human and used them to smash Brendel. He quickly bent his body to evade it, and the attack went past his head like a hammer.

The withered branches of the claw dragged the air along with it, causing his hair to dance wildly as they continued to swing against a boulder behind him, knocking it away some twenty to thirty meters with a deafening boom.

Brendel spied on the boulder to see it hit and crash against the walls three times, before finally piercing deeply into the ground, bringing debris and dust everywhere to where it landed

He felt a sudden tightness in his throat; the monster’s strength was just too terrifying. If he got struck even once, his entire skeleton would not be able to absorb the impact, and would instantly be reduced to bits. His organs would be ruptured from the immense pressure, while the shattered bone remains would pierce them and create a bloody mess everywhere.





Brendel quickly searched through his memories. The Elite Rotten Beast’s 8.9 OZ Strength made it one of the strongest Level 20 Creatures around, and only Berserkers and the Dwarven Steel Guards would be able to match its strength.

He had no intentions of facing it head on. He quickly gestured to Freya to protect him from the sides, and used his advantage in agility to get into range for an attack. He swung the Thorn of Light at its left foot.

The monster was nearly 5 meters tall, the branch-like claws were nearly 3 meters wide, and it had great attack range. But when it lowered its head, it found that it had trouble hitting Brendel below it.

Brendel struck its leg with his sword, but the bright purification flames only left a scorch mark on it. Cold sweat broke out on his forehead when he saw the result.

Even though the Elite Rotten Beast had high physique, toughness and resistance, the end result should not be this. This meant that there was a ‘Power Rating Difference’ here. This was a system setting that was in the game but he did not expect it to be here in this world as well.

Still, the attack from Brendel made the gigantic Rotten Beast raise its head up and roar. The ear-piercing bellow made the nearby blades of grass quiver.

Brendel felt a dull ache in his chest, and Freya even coughed out blood.

[The skill ‘Howling Fury’ from the Elite Rotten Beast should not have affect us this much! Is it because our levels are too low?]

Brendel felt he was damaged everywhere inside his body. The data in his retina showed different levels of damage in his organs.

“Brendel!” Romaine shouted not too far away.

He turned back and discovered she had finished setting the hook to the rope, as well as attaching it to the cliff above. He felt relieved. Romaine could be relied on when there were critical moments. She was calm during desperate times and certainly had the potential to become a merchant.

He looked at the other direction. The young Rotten Beasts were very close to finish climbing up, and they only had a few seconds left.

“Freya.” He immediately shouted.

“I’m, cough, fine.” She resolutely wiped away the trail of blood from her lips, raised her sword up and took on a defensive posture again.

“I’m going to finish it off, cover me, but stay out of its attack range.”

She nodded. Gripping the sword firmly with two hands, she attacked the Elite Rotten Beast’s flank with a low roar. It wanted to stomp on Brendel but got distracted by her. Due to its low intelligence, it diverted its attention to Freya as she appeared to be more threatening.

It turned around immediately and spread out its branches, and numerous thorns whistled through the air and shot at Freya.

She was prepared for the attack as Brendel had warned her about it a while ago. She immediately curled up, defending her chest and head with both her arms. She gritted her teeth as her whole body bled from the attack and was sent crashing back against a boulder from the thorns. However, she was still pleased that she had gained time for Brendel.

Brendel had no time to worry about Freya; he retreated from the Rotten Beast and squatted down, raised his right hand and aimed at the injured left leg with his shining finger.

“Oss!”

The air temporarily went still, then an explosive current of wind blasted at the Elite Rotten Beast’s left leg. Splinters flew everywhere. Nearly half of its body went missing. Withered leaves scattered like it was raining as it lost its balance and fell backwards.

Even if the monster’s defense was doubled, it was unable to defend against a 20 OZ charged attack.





Brendel activated his ‘Charge’ skill next, dashing forward and jumped high up, matching the moment where it fell down. He raised the Thorn of Light and swung it down with all his strength, slashing through its neck with gravity aiding him.

The Elite Rotten Beast roared again, wanting to resist, but Brendel twisted the sword to drive it further in. Silver flames burst out frantically, and the mighty monster finally lowered its head, its life reaching to an end. As the life force and resistance from the Elite Rotten Beast ended, the flames instantly consumed the entire body and it was turned into a massive fire.

Numerous golden lights flew from the fire and into Brendel’s chest.

17 XP.

He suddenly felt a cold feeling in his palm and looked at it. Black smoke gathered from the gigantic Rotten Beast and poured onto his palm. It gradually became solid and formed into a black color crystal.

[A Soul Gem!]

Brendel was shocked, but he quickly smiled gleefully. The power from a Soul Gem was the purest form of energy in this world. Not only did Madara’s wizards use them, but other wizards from different schools were also analyzing their uses in the game. With different rituals, it could be turned into XP to himself or other people, and even replenish a magical equipment’s energy or activate certain items.

For example, the Ring of the Wind Empress.

This size of the Soul Gem looked like it contained at least 30 XP, and was enough to charge the Ring of the Wind Empress at least once. He thought he had to find a safe place and hide for at least three hours before proceeding. Without a charge on the ring, he would not have dared to advance any further, but that would have been too much time wasted.

[To think there’s a chance to succeed at the end.]

He sheathed his sword and checked the young Rotten Beasts’ progress. He found there was already one of them on the plateau they were at and received a shock. He and Freya were exhausted from the fight, and they would not be able to fight another battle. If they were dragged into a fight again, the situation would become dire.

Freya was relieved when she saw him kill the gigantic monster, but her heart raced when she saw the enemies appearing on the plateau. She tried standing up with furrowed eyebrows, but Brendel ran over to her with long strides and carried her like a princess towards the rope without giving her a chance to resist.

“Wh—”

“L-let me down.”

The future Goddess of War, currently a countryside girl from Bucce who was blushing, struggled for a while. But Brendel did not listen to her, and she could only let him quietly carry her as she hid her crimson face to the sides.

Romaine had already climbed up when they reached the vertical cliff. She was a decisive person without much fear, and if they still did not reach the cliff, Brendel was sure that she would climb down again.

More and more Rotten Beasts were hot on their heels; they were running out of time.

He wrapped the rope on Freya, then around his own waist. Even though he felt her body turn rigid, he was unable to worry too much. With the boost in experience points, he leveled up his Mecenary profession to 3. He was able to bring the two of them up with a single hand with 2.5 OZ in strength,

A young Rotten Beast abruptly jumped and tried to grab his feet as he climbed up, but Brendel’s lightning reactions guarded against it by drawing the sword from the scabbard and slashing it, instantly sending it back to the throng of monsters. He continued to climb upwards after sheathing his sword.

The three of them were able to reach the top, and they sighed with relief at the same time. Brendel saw that the monsters tried to imitate them by climbing the rope up. He cut the rope with the sword and sent them dropping down without thinking. They had plenty of rope left, and the only important thing they needed to keep was the hook.

Brendel knew that the area they were in extended for kilometers. If the servants of the Golden Demonic Tree still wanted to find them, they had to go all the way to the other end of the mountain valley, so he had enough time to rest. He sat down and gave a long sigh.





“You’re the best!” He gave a thumbs up at Romaine. Her performance was just amazing earlier.

[This ‘Brendel’ really has good luck to be able to pick her up.]

“Really? My aunt also said this many times, ‘Little Romaine, you are really the best.'”

The merchant girl puffed up her chest in pride, but quickly cast concerned glances on Freya. He knew she was concerned with her best friend’s injury, so he answered:

“Don’t worry. These are just superficial wounds. Once we find a safe place and bandage her up, it should be fine.”

Freya was still blushing and did not reply.

Brendel finally got the chance to breathe, and he glanced at the future Goddess of War.

He felt a little cross. He wondered how she survived the ‘War of the Black Rose’. Was it the qualities of being ‘determined’ and ‘calm’?

The past Freya gave him an impression like that. Even though she was a little naive, she had great composure that ordinary people would not have. Perhaps she had her own reasons to come here but not letting her bag go made Brendel displeased. She was too stubborn, but maybe that stubborn nature of hers nurtured her tenacious character.

[This is still a bad thing in the battlefield.]

“Why did you come here?” In the end, she was a fellow soldier, and he did not want to hurt her feelings. He thought for a while and decided to use a gentle tone.

Freya was silent for a while, then she removed a ring from her finger: “This is the seal ring from the Captain of the guards. Captain Marden asked me to bring this to you when you report to Fortress Riedon.”

Brendel patted his own forehead.

It was not because he forgot about this matter. The truth was he did not expect to be treated seriously by the people at Fortress Riedon. The militia like Freya might not know this, but a veteran like Marden understood it clearly. If the nobility in Fortress Riedon treated the defense in Bucce with importance, the situation with Madara would not happen today.

The biggest reason why he wanted to go to Fortress Riedon was due to Romaine’s aunt. He did not expect Marden to be moved by his actions and send his personal ring over. He had overlooked this, and he would have rejected Marden personally if he predicted this would happen.

After all, this ring would be of great use to the refugees.





“You were the one who requested to come, right?” But Brendel reflected on it for a while longer, believing that the veteran soldier would never send Freya to her death even if the ring was of great importance.

The girl combed and tidied her ponytail, then nodded.

“Why bother.”

“You’re not from Bucce, Brendel, what excuses do I have to run away? I’m the leader of the third militia squadron, and I need to set myself as an example.” She looked at him and answered.

“And what’s inside the bag?”

The future Goddess of War lowered her head and hugged the bag. She hesitated for a while.



* * *





Vol.1 Chapter 28




TL: 29 Oct 2017. Any chapters after this has not been edited.





Chapter 28 – Haven



“The Half Plate of the Wind Empress!?”

Brendel opened the heavy bag and took a look inside. He rubbed his temples after finding the copper-colored armor tucked neatly in it.

[It’s no wonder then… It’s no wonder why the mature Rotten Beast could not drag Freya away. This armor was protecting her.]

“Why didn’t you wear this?”

“The armor shone with light the last time I wore it, and I was afraid Madara’s undead would see me. I wanted to wait for daytime when it a little brighter…..”

“Light?”

“It’s a green-colored light that wraps around the armor sigils.”

“That’s called the ‘Wind’s Feathers’, it’s not light.” Brendel sighed when he saw her looking puzzledly at himself. It was the most basic knowledge in the game, so he did not expect Freya not to know it at all. He could only pick up the armor and explain it to her.

The Half-Plate of the Wind Empress was the creation of the blacksmith Saint Orso. Just like his ring, the armor had the sigil of the Wind Empress, but these items had their own additional trademark from the creators. For example, the true Ring of The Wind Empress was made by the druids, while Saint Orso placed his own kingdom’s emblem on the armor.





Brendel’s thought about his ring for a moment. It was a replica and might have been made from a human wizard.

[Strange, even if it’s a replica, the old Brendel’s grandfather should not have owned this particular equipment.]

He was unable to gather any useful information from his memories, so he stopped thinking about it. If he was to look at it as a gamer, then this might be a hidden mission, but that would be something to do later when he was able to find that lame merchant in the Black Pepper Street.

This particular armor plate came from Elven hands. It was a piece of equipment specifically made for the Elven guards by the Elves; but ever since the ‘Year of the Returning Light’, hundreds of such armor plates were brought into various kingdoms, so they were not particularly valuable.

In the game’s equivalent, it was a 15 OZ equipment.

The ‘Wind’s Feathers’ was added onto the armor’s Wind Empress sigils. It was a type of magic that diminishes incoming force or the game equivalent of ‘Reduce Blunt Damage’. Plant creatures were particularly affected by this type of magic, so it was not a surprise that the mature Rotten Beast had their strength sealed to a significant degree.

The thing that Freya did not know was the light that came from ‘Wind’s Feathers’ could only be seen if it activated against enemies’ attacks.

Freya felt incredibly embarrassed as Brendel explained. She felt like she was a country bumpkin and made a laughing stock out of herself. Her head kept lowering until she finally grumbled in a tiny voice: “Why didn’t tell me this earlier?”

[Am I a mind reader? A telepath?] Brendel refuted in his mind.

But he understood that he had subconsciously treated many things like it was common knowledge and caused some misunderstandings. It was difficult to adjust his gamer’s habits as he had immersed himself in ‘The Amber Sword’ for years.

When he saw Freya’s crimson face and her arms hugging the bag tightly, he felt that he did not need to ask why she did not throw the bag away. It was because he was the one who entrusted the armor to her and he felt quite pleased that she trusted in his armor that much, so he did not have the heart to scold her anymore.

“This equipment is not a living thing, but you are. No matter how precious this might be, you have to protect yourself first if you re-encounter a situation like this, understand?” He said.





“I’m sorry.”

“How about the third militia?”

“I handed things over to Little Fenix.”

“Little Fenix?”

“Yes, Uncle Marden told me that he might be the most hopeful person in Bucce to make it big, so I used to take care of him and hoped that he would become Bucce’s pride, but I thought that you might be right. How could he grow without tempering himself?”

“You might have thought it through, but did Irene agree on it?”

Brendel sighed again with relief. Freya had walked out from her little world. He thought she might still insist on making the same naive decisions, but realized after her composed behavior that she had grown instead.

“Irene and I have the same idea.”

He nodded. He was able to breathe easier with the squadron’s affairs settled.

[It was fortunate that there wasn’t much of a problem in the militia. Even though Freya’s a little headstrong and somewhat of a petty person, she’s a reliable partner. But it bugs me that she did not throw away the bag at that critical moment. Then again I feel touched. Hah… This is a heavy friendship.]

He turned back and discovered Romaine, who was separated by a campfire, studying the cave they were using to avoid the enemies. It was as if the cave was some sort of rare treasure to her. He wondered if she would ever be worried about her surroundings.

“Brendel, how did you know about this place? It looks like the terrifying monsters will not be able to find us if we are in here.” She asked.

Freya nodded: “But we can’t keep hiding here forever. When the day is a little brighter, let’s set off.”

Brendel also agreed. Both of them were right. The Zevail pathway had several hiding places, and back then in that fateful year, countless ‘Nightingales’ and ‘Hunters’ paid with their lives to seek out this passageway, allowing the players to avoid the majority of the Golden Demonic Tree’s servants and get close to the Monster Boss.

But it had two serious caveats.

The first issue was the need to travel all the way to the heart of Zevail’s pathway, into the ‘Forbidden Garden’. There were several broken ridges, and they had to use a rope to go across. What would await them would be a bunch of personal guards of the Golden Demonic Tree. But he was confident that he could handle it.

The second issue was leaving from the ‘Forbidden Garden’ shadow passageway. He needed Grifond’s crystal key, which was hanging from the Golden Demonic Tree’s branches. In the past, he killed the boss and took it away, but Brendel had to improvise this time.

He roughly enacted the entire process in his mind, and if there were any situation that suddenly cropped up, he would have to handle it on the fly. A perfect plan only existed in novels, and reality was not so forgiving.

It was the importance of having a trump card, and why Brendel placed so much importance in the ‘Ring of the Wind Empress’.





He took out the soul gem to check it in detail under the fire. The heavy item looked more like obsidian, but a wizard would be able to differentiate it if they poured energy into it, while an ordinary human being would be to see the differences visually if they were familiar with it.

Brendel brought it near to the campfire, and the crystal immediately looked like it was about to evaporate which proved it was a soul gem. The energy of the Soul was volatile under fire if there was no protection, and explained why Madara’s lower ranked undead feared fire.

“What’s that?” Romaine asked curiously.

He placed the crystal to his ring and infused 10 OZ worth of power into it. The crystal first darkened a little before turning a little more transparent. Pouring any more power would be a waste.

He considered using the gargoyle statue. He would have the best chance of repairing and activating it but ultimately gave up. There were at least 300 different command combinations to enable it, and he spent the entire night testing it out half of the commands combination without succeeding. The remaining 20 OZ = 20 XP was not something meager either.

It would probably take 100 XP to completely repair the statue.

[What else can I do with this then? Keep this and wait for another use?]

To the current Brendel, XP that was used now would be useful XP. He needed to raise his strength urgently. He could only change the world by surviving right here and now.

[Use it on myself? Or add it to a skill’s XP bar? But the ratio is just plain terrible, 10 XP is needed to just change into 1 AP! In addition, there are no skills right now that I need to learn from the Mercenary profession. But I can’t possibly waste it to level up the Militia’s level right? I have to wait at least till I have an abundance of XP.]

Brendel felt he was in between a rock and a hard place. He rechecked the outside sky. It was starting to become fairly bright, and they were ready to move off. The servants relied on phototaxis receptors, sounds, and mana ripples to sense their surroundings, so there was no difference to them be it day or night. Humans would have an easier time if they traveled in the daytime, as the light from the torch flames were a giveaway to the Rotten Beasts.

His hand searched his pockets to see if there was anything else that he could use, and he quickly found that card with an artistic drawing on it. Brendel suddenly had the idea of experimenting with it.

To identify an item required a full set of alchemy tools and information books. Players who were not so good at doing that simply went to a NPC. However, it was quite expensive to identify things and the game allowed players to use items even if they did not know what it is.

So many players developed a system to test the items out.

He first tried using common chants, but nothing happened. Then he brought the soul gem to touch the card and check if there was any reaction. Usually, there would be some mana resonance if the item reacts to the soul’s energy.

But he did not expect the card to suddenly shine with piercing radiance from the moment he touched it with the soul gem. In fact, the soul gem completely lost its color and became a transparent crystal.

[There’s an absorbing reaction!]

Brendel nearly jumped up in shock, and he stared speechlessly at the transparent crystal in his hand.





Soul gems that lost their potency were called ‘Creation Containers’, wizards and Elementalists bought these containers and used them as storage for spells. They were similar to ‘spell scrolls’ in other games, while these crystals were the ‘spell scrolls’ in this world.

But Brendel was not concerned about this right now. He felt a terrifying shiver traveling all the way up to his spine. ‘Mana Absorption’ was one of the strongest mana ripples amongst the resonance types. He had gambled wrongly, and even if the Golden Demonic Tree were more than ten miles away, it would have felt this……

This was not the only enemy. With such a strong reaction, who knows if any strange creatures had their eyes on him?

Brendel did not understand why the card reacted so strongly with the ‘Mana Absorption’ effect. Such effects only appear when it is a magical equipment over 40 OZ, and this card did not look like one.

Brendel quickly made his decision and stood up. Freya and Romaine naturally looked at him in surprise when they saw the light.

“We’re leaving. Now.”



* * *





Vol.1 Chapter 29




TL: Edited 30 Oct 2017





Chapter 29 – Tumen’s Legacy.

Romaine and Freya extinguished the campfire and followed Brendel who had started running. They guessed that Brendel’s sudden change in his behavior was due to that piercing light. Freya did not understand how it was created.

Romaine had an idea as to what happened back then as she saw the soul gem in his hands.

[Ah. That’s right. He gave me a ring. I really like the spiderweb design on it.]

It was rare in this world to create a design using spiderwebs, but she liked things that were uncommon.

[I wonder if it has the same magic like the one on Brendel’s hand.] She knew that his ring was unique and was able to command the wind to slay his foes.

It was a side of Brendel that she had never seen before, and she looked curiously at his back. She felt that the things he did were full of mysteries and secrets.

“Brendel, what happened?” In contrast to Romaine’s carefree attitude of ‘I just need to follow Brendel.’, Freya was more serious than her. She thought that her responsibility was to take some of Brendel’s burdens off.





“Nothing much of importance. But we need to leave this area immediately.” Brendel suppressed his uneasiness and replied. He pulled out the Elven sword, and it glimmered against the barren boulders. He really did not know how to explain to Romaine and Freya about the ‘Mana Absorption’ effect.

It was like an osmosis process where a Magic Artifact of a higher rank took energy away from a Magic Artifact of a lower rank. But it was incredibly rare for a Magic Artifact below 40 OZ to do something like this. However, it was impossible to explain these gaming world’s jargon to Freya and Romaine.

Freya looked at him with a worried face but did not inquire any further.

Brendel studied the valley. There did not seem to be any movement below, but he felt insecure in his heart. He requested Freya to wear the armor and told Romaine to prepare the rope.

Freya was already wearing normal clothes on her, so she took out the ‘Half Plate of the Wind Empress’ and started to put it on. The only drawback was that she had no prior training in using heavy armor, so there was no hope of her wearing it quickly.

On the other hand, Romaine was anxious and a little excited. She wanted to help her out but was afraid of Freya scolding her. Even though they were friends, Freya’s anger was not something to take lightly, and she knew that she might actually create more trouble for her.

[It should be fine to wait for the girls to be done.]

Brendel was more worried about the creatures being attracted from within the valley from the powerful mana ripple.

He could not help but raise the card in his hand. He was shocked that the Gerald’s most important possession was not the ‘Thorn of Light’, but was instead the card in his hand.

[A magical artifact that is possibly above 40 OZ. Just how amazing is this thing?]

In the long chaotic era of the past, the Human and Elven wizards were unable to solve the problem of adding Grade 2 power into magical equipment. It was only until the ‘Year of the Twilight Moon’ (Chaos Era: Year 471), which was when a genius was able to finally solve it.

This genius was Tumen, the Elementalist Emperor.

He invented the technique of implanting Holy Sigils into items, which solved the problem of imbuing them with Grade 2 power. From then onwards, creating magical items that were over 40 OZ and above became a reality.

He did not think the card was some form of sealed Holy Sigil, but he had never seen such complicated Sigil patterns before. It was not the Elven’s Wind Empress Holy Sigil, neither the Kirrlutz’s Fire God Holy Sigil nor the Irendar’s Water King Holy Sigil.

He stared at it for a while and felt a headache coming on. Tumen’s techniques that were handed down underwent many evolutions. Logically, the current Holy Sigils in this era could never be as complicated as this.

[Perhaps an Ancient Artifact?]

As he was trying to figure things out, the card in his hand suddenly floated without warning. It fired a pillar of light in the gray sky, and a few moments later, another pillar of light shot out from the southeast mountains in response.

[Resonance!?]

Brendel was unable to react and watched the event unfold in a stupor. He immediately wanted to find a table and flip it, because the ripple of Mana had turned into a Tidal wave of Mana. He figured that even the Madara’s undead army miles away were alarmed. A resonance meant that this was a ‘Combination Item’.

The worst part was how the other item that resonated was within the Zevail’s mountain pathway.

“”Brendel?””

Both Freya and Romaine spoke at the same time. They knew that the card in Brendel’s hand had to be a problem.

“I’ll explain to you in a moment, have you worn the armor?” Brendel took a final look at the valley as he asked urgently.

She nodded.

The powerful mana reaction had already attracted the servants of the Golden Demonic Tree. He saw the shadows of several Rotten Beast passing by from the dry cavern from below. He did not dare to delay any further and told them to throw any items that would drag them down. He then set off by following the narrow path along the steep wall.





Rations and water were supposed to be precious commodities, but they could not carry it right now. Brendel carried a few basic equipment and a few bundles of rope. Everyone kept a torch, and they strove to fight for every second. As they continued advancing, more and more Rotten Beasts gathered in the valley, as though the entire Zevail mountain had come alive.

Brendel’s heart raced when he looked below. There were countless creatures. The first batch of monsters would take at least ten minutes before reaching their campfire. Even though there might be a few Rotten Beasts who managed to see them, the number was ultimately inconsequential to Brendel.

He was more worried about the Demonic Tree Guards that might have changed their patrolling routes from this sudden change. They had to reach the center portion of the Zevail pathway before the guards found them. That was the only area for to be able to defeat the first patrolling team.

He knew these guards had just crossed the river in this place, and even if they turn back now, they needed two hours. He had grinded this dungeon back in the game countless times, and he was only worried about the differences in this world and the game.

Fortunately, they were just ahead by a single step. The three saw a batch of creatures wrapped in ivy arriving on the eastern side, and they discovered each other at the same time. When these Demonic Trees stood at their full size, they were approximately two times the size of a human. They were also wrapped with aerial roots and were eyeless, but they had membranous organs on their limbs to detect sound. (TL: Wiki aerial roots to get a description.)

They were also differentiated by young and mature Demonic Trees. The mature Demonic Tree had high agility and ran on the mountains like they were on flat ground. They were also adept at climbing and was Brendel’s biggest threat. Fortunately, there was only one mature Demonic Tree for every ten young Demonic Trees, and it coincided with his memories in the game.

“We need to reach the mountain’s peak before them.” Brendel’s palms started sweating when he saw the Demonic Trees getting closer to them.

There was a huge boulder at the peak and could be used by detonating an explosive to loosen it. It would roll down and crush the Demonic Trees, then close off the entrance from the valley. Brendel did not have any explosives, but he had the Ring of the Wind Empress.

His agility had fallen by 0.3 because of the paralyzing poison. He would have easily gotten up to the small flat plateau on the peak of the mountain if he was at his peak, but he had to rely on the girls now.

They did not really understand what he was thinking, but they nodded. They were currently treading on thin ice, and even though Brendel did not say anything, they knew the monsters were trouble from his anxious demeanor.

Freya and Brendel managed to get to the peak, while Romaine lagged a little behind with a pale face while panting. There was a mature Demonic Tree that appeared on the other side. It was a level 22 monster and Brendel knew that if they fought, they had zero possibility of winning.

Brendel took off his ring immediately and threw it at Freya. He shouted: “Wear this ring on your index finger. Find the weak link holding the boulder, aim at it and activate this ring with the command ‘Oss’. Do you understand?”

She caught it and paused: “Brendel?”





“I’ll distract this monster, hurry up.” Brendel wanted to have Romaine do it instead as he would have another helper to cover him, but Romaine was still behind them when he looked back.

[This is the result for lazing around regularly.]

He shook his head.

Brendel took a deep breath. He was so tense that his body felt numb. Even though he presented himself as calm and composed in front of Freya, it did not mean he was not afraid. The enemy had the power of a strong Grade 1 rank. Without the Ring of the Wind Empress, he found it hard to believe that he could reliably match the opponent.

[4.5 OZ strength, 6 OZ physique, 2 OZ agility. Toughness and defense are extremely high. Its skin has corrosive poison, well versed in range attack, and has the ability to bind someone. It’s weak against fire and slashes.]

He mentally recalled the opponent’s stats. This mature Demonic Tree’s stats were not so different from the Elite Rotten Beast, but he knew there was a great difference in how they battled.

Brendel was still thinking of the opponent’s differences, while the ivy on the Demonic Tree suddenly seemed to come alive. Countless ivy branches suddenly came at him. He evaded to one side and rolled to evade the ivy branches that looked delicate, but they pierced through a boulder like steel pikes with a hissing sound, and the surface of the boulder started smoking. Fear ran freely through his veins.





[A corrosive attack. This is the most frightening aspect of the Demonic Tree. Typical weapons would not be able to hurt them, and instead, get ruined by their corrosive nature.]

The Demonic Trees knew that it had missed when it heard the sound. It moved its ivy to the side and whipped at Brendel again. He hurled expletives at it in his mind but continued to evade it. The ‘Iron Whip’ continued to sweep over the surface and hurled stones everywhere.

Rock pieces struck the area above Brendel’s eyebrows and immediately caused them to bleed, but he did not dare to utter any sounds. He gripped the ‘Thorn of Light’ tightly and advanced when he saw a gap.

He took a few steps forward but immediately paused.

A series of words appeared in his retina.

“Summon the Holy Sword?”



* * *





Vol.1 Chapter 30




TL: Edited 30 Oct 2017





Chapter 30 – Heroic Deck



[Summon the Holy Sword? There are many swords in Vaunte deemed as Holy Swords. The Wind Sword, ‘Nordrasis’. The ‘Sword of the Endless Sky’ could be considered another one, and even a sword simply named as ‘Amber’… Not that I owned any of these back then.]

[Is this a type of magic? I know the priest has a low-level Light Magic Spell called ‘Spell of Holy Swords’, but that’s just a series of attacking chants. It has nothing to do with summoning, and the magic vocabulary in the game is exceedingly strict and cannot be changed randomly.]

[Leaving this question aside, the players in the game have no extreme side effects from using magic, like splitting headaches. At most one will feel exhausted, so…]





As he finished contemplating, he put his mind to it and accepted the command, ‘Summon the Holy Sword’. There were no downsides to this transaction, and he also treated this as a last-ditch effort.

Brendel slowed down slightly from his thinking, and the Demonic Tree launched an attack with its snake-like vine whips, but he quickly lowered his body and swung his sword up. An arc of silver flash cut off the two vine whips that gave off a rotting smell, and they turned into ashes in the air.

He quickly pushed himself off with one hand from the ground and accelerated to the Demonic Tree’s area. When he wanted to continue with his next course of action, the words in his retinas changed.

– The Path of Warriors, unlocked.

– Heroic Deck, Chapter 2, Holy Sword of the Knight.

– Due to the Character’s first time in unlocking the ‘Cards of Fate’, the system shall instruct you on the usage.

The ghostly words appeared and quickly disappeared.

– Holy Sword, the symbol of the Knight’s Dedication and the Sword of Purity.”

– Effect: Pay 6 Earth Element Points (EP) from the Element Pool, and summon the Holy Sword into play. All conditions have been met, Character, please display your card. Point your thumb to the center of the Sigil of Fate, and establish your Mana Link with your index finger and thumb to light up the Holy Sword.”

Brendel immediately that found he was distracted by a number of words that popped up and almost could not see the Demonic Tree. His hands stopped moving for a moment, and the attacks from the Demonic Tree’s vine made him fall back. He grumbled in his mind, but also knew the chance for him to succeed in his attack was slim even if the words did not distract him.

He sighed involuntarily. He quickly glanced at Freya, who was struggling as hard as possible to climb towards the boulder. She was not far away from her goal, but the bouncing ponytail made Brendel pause for a while.

His concentration changed to the other side without any further issues, and he discovered that the young Demonic Trees at below were a few steps behind. It seemed that she would be fine. Romaine who was somewhere below him, however, was in a terrible state. She was panting heavily and unable to climb any higher.

The Demonic Tree and Brendel had crossed blows, and neither gained any advantages. The Demonic Tree realized that the human before him was not powerful, but it was afraid of the Elven Sword. Brendel knew what it was thinking as well.

He gripped his sword again, but the words in his retinas showed a final message:

‘Display the card?’

Brendel looked blankly ahead, but his gamer mind quickly worked, and he thought of the card in his belongings. And as if to answer his thoughts, he instantly found it.

[So this sigil is called the ‘Holy Sigil of Fate’, but I don’t recall hearing about it before.] He was a little puzzled, but his thumb had already been placed on it.

“Heroic Deck, Chapter 2, Holy Sword of the Knight, successfully locked on to target.”

A blinding pillar of light shot out from the card.

The ripples from the magic struck into every living creature’s minds like a sharp knife. Not only did the mature Demonic Tree bellowed, but even Freya and Romaine were also rooted to they were, and they looked at Brendel.

They saw him holding the card up high in his hand, which kept firing pulses of light until it disappeared.

“Brendel, t-the card in your hand disappeared!” Romaine shouted anxiously. Her eyes were astonishingly good as she was a good fifty meters away.

But he did not hear anything that she said, as he could only look blankly at the words in his retinas:

– Holy Sword, the symbol of the Knight’s Dedication and the Sword of Purity.”

– When this card is in play, pay 1 Earth EP to attack your enemies, or pay 1 Earth EP to dismiss your sickness, curses or darkness-related status.”

– The Character is required to pay 2 Earth EP and 2 Spiritual Points (SP) to maintain the ‘Holy Sword’ every ten minutes.”

– The effect of the Holy Sword affects 1000 meters.”

[…… Hah? What kind of evil witchcraft is this?]

Brendel had never heard of a magical artifact requiring the player to keep providing power to it. SP does not really need to be explained as it is related to Willpower, but only a few professions had ‘Element Pool’, like Elementalist, magic swordsman, sun knight. They were the only professions where their magic required using elemental powers.





[There was never a magical artifact in the game that required a player’s Elemental Pool. Doesn’t that mean I won’t be able to use this artifact if I don’t have an Elemental Pool? No, I charged it with the soul gem earlier.]

[Then, the most important thing is the maintenance. To keep using this card means I have to prepare enough Soul Gems. Yet Soul Gems are rare and not every monster drops it.]

All these questions flashed through his mind, but he did not question the power of this artifact, and as expected of a 40 OZ item, the effect was beyond doubt.

A sword made from pure light appeared behind his back. It was several meters tall, with a broad blade and shining armguard with a pair of wings stemming from it. If one looked from afar, Brendel appeared like had grown a pair of white wings.

The merchant girl looked blankly at him, her eyes recording everything down, then glittered with idolization and excitement. Brendel was incredibly cool!

Freya had also stopped moving as she saw what happened, but she quickly remembered she had own mission. She gritted her teeth and continued to climb upwards. The wounds on her hands opened again, and the pain made her furrow her eyebrows.

Brendel checked his status. When the Holy Sword appeared, his negative stats were completely removed. When the debilitating and paralyzing poison dissolved like snow as he felt the holy light nourishing him within his body.

40 OZ, Grade 2 rank, a ‘Deacon’ ranked priest. Anyone who saw Brendel would believe that he was one if they did not look at his clothes. (TL: Okay, I just made that rank up. What’s the hierarchy rank for one that is below a priest?)

[This is strange. This card was summoned with the Earth Element, but it’s able to emulate the Holy Element effects. Just who exactly made this card?]

Under his increasing aura of power, the Demonic Tree moved about restlessly. It found it hard to suppress its fear with the intimidating figure of Brendel’s.

It screeched loudly and finally attacked. The vines around its body suddenly increased in size, and all of them aimed towards Brendel.

“Brendel, watch out!” Romaine warned from below.

He frowned.

[Because I don’t have an Element Pool, I don’t know how much Earth EP I can take. If I take the conversion of the soul gem at face value, then I should have 20 earth EP. Summoning used up 6, so I should have 14 Earth EP left. This is ample.]

He raised his right hand and waved across, paying 1 Earth EP to use the ‘Attack’ function of the Holy Sword. A golden sword made of light shot out from his fingers.

All the vines that crossed its path with the sword turned into ashes.

[This is the Spell of the Holy Sword.]

He immediately recognized it. It was a low-level Priest’s spell, but the attacking power was just as frightening if the OZ was raised accordingly. The Demonic Tree groaned painfully and tried to retreat. Brendel’s attack had destroyed a third of its vine. The Demonic Tree relied on the Golden Demonic Tree’s mana for nourishment, and the vines required many years to grow.





Brendel naturally did not give the enemy the chance to run and continued to unleash attacks on it. Three golden swords pierced through the Demonic Tree’s body while one golden sword slashed it. The Demonic Tree exploded with a huge bang from the center of the body and turned into ashes.

Right at this moment, Freya also activated the Ring of the Wind Empress. Even though her aim was slightly off, the wind bullet still managed to knock the huge boulder down, and along with a series of large crashing noises, the boulder the size of a small hill went crashing down, turning the ground rocks and Demonic Trees into dust.

Dozens of Demonic Trees perished in an instant, and the Golden Demonic Tree felt the loss. It gave a terrifying wail which traveled throughout the Zevail mountain pathway.

Brendel heard of this scream hundreds of times and was used to it. He even found it nostalgic, but Freya and Romaine jumped up with shock and looked at each other.

“W-what was that Brendel?” Freya asked from the mountain peak.

“Don’t worry; we won’t meet that thing.” Brendel sighed with relief when the fight was over. Once this patrol group was settled, the remaining task was much easier. He estimated the remaining time to maintain the Holy Sword to be approximately thirty minutes, but it was not enough time for them to walk out from this valley. If he dismissed the Holy Sword, he would be able to summon it one more time.

He decisively kept the card once he considered the possibility. Romaine finally finished climbing breathlessly and asked: “Brendel, what was, that?”

“It’s the power of this card. I didn’t realize it was a Magic Artifact earlier.” He looked at the stars within Romaine’s eyes and answered ambiguously.

“Magic Artifact?” Freya was surprised to hear this answer.

The ring that he had given her was one Magic Artifact, the Half Plate of the Wind Empress was another, but why would an ordinary person like Brendel know so much about magic? In her eyes, magic was so mystical that it could only appear in stories of legends.

She stared at the youth below her, trying to see through his real identity. He said he was a militia from Bruglas, but she felt more and more that it was nothing more than a dismissive lie.

Right at this moment, an astonishing scene that was more impressive than before was happening, but she could not see it. Brendel raised his head to find that golden lights from the surrounding mountain were flying towards him.

Killing monsters that outleveled him was a wonderful feeling.



* * *





Vol.1 Chapter 31




TL: Edited 30 Oct 2017





Chapter 31 – Aftermath of the battle.



[420 XP.]





The golden lights gathered in mid-air to form a stream that steadily flowed into Brendel’s body. As he looked at the ruined battlefield, he sat down weakly on a boulder.

[That was a Level 22 monster. Even if I add in my militia and commoner level, I’m only level 6. Crossing a difference of 14 levels, I wouldn’t do something as crazy as this even if I’m back in my world playing the game.]

He was forced to fight it in order to survive. His original plan was to lure that monster to the area below the boulder, wait till Freya was done with her task until she was able to come over to fight together and find a chance to escape. This chance was almost non-existent, and very few people in the game would attempt something like this.

He did not feel that it was a big deal when he decided to fight the monster, but now that the battle was over and he had the time to reflect on it, his back was drenched in cold sweat.

He used his utmost effort to reply some of the girls’ questions calmly in order not to make them worry, but he knew precisely what sort of situation it really was.

He felt he had exhausted all his courage, but he did not realize that people matured quickly in strenuous circumstances. Freya was also another person who changed. She was only a simple militia a few days ago, but she was becoming more decisive.

He slowly regained his composure. This battle was an incredible reward to him at the eleventh hour. He needed to level up to level 5 so he could unlock the second class skill.

[Level 4 requires 70 XP, level 5, 130 XP, level 6 220 XP.]

– Mercenary Level 4 (0.3 Strength, 0.2 Physique, 0.2 Agility, 0.1 Perception)

– Mercenary Level 5 (0.3 Strength, 0.3 Physique, 0.2 Agility, 0.1 Willpower)

– Mercenary Level 6 (0.4 Strength, 0.3 Physique, 0.2 Agility, 0.2 Perception)

When he leveled up, the character window reflected the changes as it displayed in his eyes. His current stats were displayed in front of him:

2.5 3.5 Strength

2.3 2.9 Agility

2.4 3.2 Physique

[My stats are three times a normal person, and my Overall Power Rating is 25 times above them. Just based on my stats alone, I can even handle the entire Bucce militia all by myself. And if I factor my own experience into the mix, I should be able to handle ten of the guards. I definitely got the status of an Iron-ranked fighter.]

If Bannett got onto a battle horse, he would barely reach the Iron-rank status, Marden had already considered him as a genius. He was only twenty years old, and with his talent, he might become a Centurion Knight, and from a certain point of view, he was considered to be someone of important value to the country.

And Brendel was younger than him by a year.

Nearly half of the entire continent would not be able to reach Iron-rank their entire life, and only one out of ten could accomplish it before the age of twenty.

[Well, it’s still not enough. Many babies who were baptized at the Holy Cathedral of Fire were gifted with the status of an Iron-rank. They have a status of ‘Enlightened’. There are even rarer cases where they actually broke the barriers of a Silver-rank fighter to reach Gold-rank with the status of ‘Chosen’.





There are many people who are talented in the ‘Knight’ profession. This world favors strength greatly, and I need to utilize my advantages to stand out from the crowd.]

A Mercenary would unlock the skill ‘Power Break’ when he reached level 5, his next action would consume 3 times the stamina and add 1 OZ Strength to the attack.

This was the most important offensive skill in the early levels, and Brendel generously added AP to the skill. At level 6, ‘Power Break’ would only use 55 AP altogether, while it added 4 OZ Strength to the attack, instantly reaching an intermediate Iron-rank fighter’s strength.

He added the rest of the AP into ‘Aouine’s Military Swordsmanship’ and ‘Brawling’. Finally, he added 6 XP into the militia to make it Level 3, and added another 0.2 OZ to his Strength and Physique.

This was why so many people in the game took on secondary professions even if there was a penalty to XP gain. It was simply better in the early stages compared to focusing on one profession.

[But I’m certain that there has to be a line drawn here. The players who took on countless professions paid the price later on.]

When one entered the intermediate Gold-rank, their Element power would start to unseal, and the advantages of taking multiple professions would gradually disappear.

With his overall level of 10, Brendel closed his eyes and exhaled quietly. The Rotten Beasts were practically XP in his eyes now. If he did not need to go to Fortress Riedon in such a hurry, he would have grinded here to level 15 with just half a month. Time was not on his side.

He opened his eyes and squinted at the distant valleys. Some signs of Rotten Beasts appeared to move towards to their direction. The earlier commotion had alarmed them.

Brendel took up the sword on his side. He was not afraid of them, but it would not be good if they were tied down by them. Romaine’s aunt was still in the city, and they were fighting against time to reach Fortress Riedon before the Madara’s undead army did.

He suddenly recalled the Seal Ring that Marden gave him, took it out to look at it, remembered something as he studied the patterns of the black pine leaves and smiled coldly.

The old veteran soldier from the November War did not understand this point. Bucce was Stronghold Vermeire’s most important buffer since its establishment from the ‘Year of the Thunderbolt’.

But politics was not as simple as it looked on the surface. Because of the lack of sufficient funds and various things that were omitted, constructing both Fortress Riedon and Stronghold Vermiere was Aouine’s limit at that time. These nobles did not consider creating a warning system in these buffer areas at all.

As long as they had their fortress and stronghold, they would get by very well. As for the countryside villages, Madara did not attack every year right?

It was a fact that Aouine was on the verge of collapse. Even if there were loyal citizens like Freya, Bannett, and Marden fighting for this country, the corrupted upper echelons were destroying the country at the very foundations. Bucce was somewhat of a special exception, but Brendel knew that he could see the signs where the country was heading into destruction from other regions.

He sighed again as he looked to the south. The sky was covered by layers of clouds and dimmed the afternoon sun. In that direction, a dark kingdom was about to rise.

“Brendel, your ring.”

He turned back and saw Freya gazing at him with burning eyes. He involuntarily joked: “Doesn’t it look nice on your finger?”

“You—” The ponytailed girl immediately blushed, averted her head, and saw Romaine giggling at the other side of the hill.

“Romaine, you idiot!”

“What did I do again?” The merchant girl was stunned for a moment.

Brendel chuckled. He knew that she was just venting her anger. He wore the ring back on his finger and felt the Card of Fate. Even though he had never seen it before, it had undoubtedly become his trump card.





[Ten minutes worth of a Grade 2 Magic Artifact’s power. Many things can be done, and killing the Golden Demonic Tree is one of them.]

He decided to change his plan. The loot from the Golden Demonic Tree was just too tempting. With every bit of strength gained from here, he would have more confidence in Fortress Riedon. Killing the boss would not take too much time as they would pass by it.

He estimated for a while. He had approximately eight hours left. It was more than enough, but he hoped to get another Soul Gem to make things more reliable. The attacks from the card relied on Earth EP.

He was even planning to unlock his Elemental Pool. But it was not very advantageous to take on a side profession like an Elementalist or Magic Swordsman for a 40 OZ or so item. It was best for professions to be related, so it complemented each other. Elementalist, Sun Knight, Magic swordsman were professions that were independent and hardly added anything to a warrior profession.

He treated the Mercenary profession like a Warrior, as they had the same skills and looked roughly the same in the early stages.

And even if he did want to unlock the Elemental Pool, he needed to take on a mission to unlock his Soul Element, and he was not certain whether he could even find or trigger a quest.

He stopped thinking about it after a while as he had to plan his way into the Forbidden Garden. If he went straight to it, he was able to save two hours. He also wanted to seek out another Elite Rotten Beast.

He stood up and patted Freya’s shoulders. She was glaring at him.

[Alright, we rested enough, let’s move on.]





Unfortunately, his action that was well-intended, combined with Freya subconsciously stepping back at a terrible timing, patted onto a very bad place, The feedback from his touch felt nice with a soft and elastic feel to it, even though the golden scaled armor was covering it.

The atmosphere turned in an instant.

Brendel watched as the future Goddess of War turned scarlet, then white and finally dark. He wanted to explain himself, but a sword swung mercilessly at him in response.

“Shameless lout!”

“Wait, I didn’t mean to do that, gahhh!”



* * *





Vol.1 Chapter 32




TL: Edited 30 Oct 2017





Chapter 32 – Forbidden Garden



============== Undead’s POV ==============



As the fog in the forest dissipated, the battle that took place in it ended. The young guards’ sudden attack did bring about an unexpected effect on the Madara’s vanguard, but the situation quickly became clear when Kabias gathered the high-level undead.

The forest turned silent.





“Lord Kabias.” The pale undead acolyte brought his hand to his chest and bowed respectfully to the giant skeleton.

“I had thought that you maggots wouldn’t bother to greet me, Rothko.”

The skeleton general who wore a bronze armor sat on top of a pile of corpses. Its legs were crossed, and the flames in its eyes burned intensely. It gripped its double-edged ax, while the other hand was placed on its knee, and looked down on the weak acolyte with full of contempt.

The Dark Lords and the undead wizards hated each other. They had gathered together under the call from the Mercury Staff, but they did not choose to work together by choice. As for the Blood Lords, they had kept amongst themselves and rarely interfered with Madara’s politics. They had stayed in this fragmented environment for several centuries before emerging from their stable cocoon.

The prophecy from the witches overlapped with the Goddess Helene’s own revelation.

‘The Darkness shall rise from the east’,

Regardless of the Dark Lords, undead wizards or the Blood Lords, everyone believed that this era was indeed going to end, and a new era would be ushered in by Madara.

Rothko smiled. Kabias was a general under Tarkus, while he was merely a small leader of a company, so there was no argument in their ranks. He drew the ire of the skeleton before him because their vanguard stole the thunder amongst the other undead generals.

Three hundred skeletons and twenty necromancers won against the Bucce guards and utterly routed the Green village’s militia to allow Kabias unfettered access. Lastly, they emerged victorious Bucce’s guards. His results could even be described as glorious.

In Madara’s tradition, the undead’s vanguard was used as cannon fodder to sap the enemy’s strength, and under the worst circumstances, they were used as a delaying tactic or buffer. It was typical for one-third of a squadron of Aouine’s guards defeat such Madara’s vanguard comprising of skeletons and necromancers with ease.





In Tarkus plans, Rothko was nothing more to a chess pawn used for disruption, while the real hammers to strike the nail in Aouine’s coffins were Kabias and Wesker. It was unexpected of this undead acolyte named Rothko to defeat the enemies instead, and it surprised Tarkus.

Tarkus was similarly surprised that his right-wing Wesker had committed a huge error in the battlefield. The battlefield was always changing, and even outstanding commanders were unable to be ahead of every step. It was true even if Tarkus was famed for being reliable.

Since the acolyte was from a lowly birthright and did not know his future in Madara, he naturally did not speak back to Kabias. On the contrary, the Skeleton Lord’s words were like glory to him. Kabias was biased against all the necromancers, but showing so much contempt for him raised his status.

He looked at the Black Warriors lined up behind Kabias and felt a little envious. He might have gotten a fair amount of loot from the battles, but the majority of them had to be given to the superiors, and what remained behind was not enough to summon even one Black warrior. He heard that there was a Paladin’s tomb in the Green Village, which would certainly be the best body to be converted, but the Green village was under Kabias’s territory now.

[Although it’s a pity, there would be plenty of chances in the future. All the leaders are aiming to get something useful out of this war now.]

He thought for a while before replying: “Lord Kabias, there are a few rats who escaped to the north. We had not seen the refugees since yesterday’s afternoon, and I suspect that the attack here was a diversion, and the remainder of their forces moved towards the north and entered the River of Daggers.”

It was enough for him to stop there. Wesker was in charge of the northern area. If he wanted to capture live specimens or get a share of the loot, he had to get the skeleton’s approval. A small leader like himself could not shoulder this responsibility.

But Kabias was no fool either. It glanced at the little acolyte and realized the little worm’s scheme. It adjusted its lower jaw, creating a clacking sound.

“You want me to go against that bald-headed Wesker? What do I get out of this, little maggot.”

“You would be able to increase your strength, isn’t this advantage good enough, my lord?”

“Hmph. They are merely a bunch of weak humans. I have no interest in creating weak skeletons.

“I heard that there’s a veteran soldier amongst the guards who survived the November war. He’s the leader of the guards.”

Kabias flaming eyes pulsed: “Looks like that fellow Wesker is lucky today.”

Rothko sighed. His persuasion had failed, so he raised his head to take his leave. He and Kabias were from different units, and as a member of the undead wizard’s faction, his vanguard did not need to listen to Kabias. If it were not for this matter, he would not have sought out Kabias.

But at this moment, he suddenly felt a tremor in his heart, and he looked to the south.

The giant skeleton also looked in the same direction, bypassing the forest and looked at the mountains covered in ominous shadows.

[[A terrifying Mana response.]]

“The Zevail mountain pathway.” Kabias sniffed the air as if it could sense the magic coming from the pine river. (TL: It’s one thing to pretend that Kabias can talk even though it’s a skeleton, it’s another to pretend he has lungs to suck the air in.)

Rothko did not answer because he immediately felt an even more powerful mana ripple from that direction.

[What is that damned Golden Demonic Tree doing?]

Any wizard within dozens of miles would be able to feel that response. He was suddenly a little worried and wondered if the magicians from the White-mane Legion within Fortress Riedon discovered something.

“We had best send out some people in advance, Lord Kabias.”

“Hmph, I know what to do even without you telling me. We undead have a stronger reaction to magic. When you become a Lich, you are permitted to teach me.”

Rothko smiled again.





============ Brendel’s POV ==============

Brendel brought Freya and Romaine out from a wall’s fissure. He gestured for them to stop, and he looked outside to take everything within the valley into his eyes. A huge golden tree with healthy leaves stood quietly in the center of the valley in the depressed grounds that were filled with gray boulders.

[The Forbidden Garden.]

The Golden Demonic Tree absorbed the nutrients from the land and the surrounding mana, causing the earth to become barren and lose the Earth Element. Brendel raised his head; the sky was gloomy and dark as if black clouds were gathering above them. This was also due to the unnatural balance of the elements.

As the Earth Element has been completely stripped, other elements gathered here in huge amounts, causing the order of the Elements to be chaotic. The law of the Elements was set when Mother Marsha created the world and governed by the Elven-kings, but there could be various reasons for it to be unstable, like the Golden Demonic Tree which disrupted the law.

In the game, an Elementalist’s strength would be sealed by 30%. It was the reason why teams hardly accepted Elementalists. The Elementalists even described this bit of history as ‘History of the three years with bloody tears’.

Romaine and Freya stared at the strange Golden Demonic Tree. They had heard of a creature like this only in bedtime stories and even wondered if they were dreaming when they saw it in front of them.

The beauty of the Golden Demonic Tree contrasted deeply with the dystopic background.

“W-what is that?” Freya stammered.

“It’s so pretty. Brendel, is that the Golden Apple Tree in the mythical tales? Are the monsters the guards of this tree? I can’t believe there’s a living thing in this environment that’s so beautiful!”

“That’s an oak tree, Romaine.” Freya sighed.

“I-I know that, so it’s an oak tree!” Romaine’s eyebrows darted up to her hair while she corrected herself quickly.

“Don’t get trapped by its beauty. This is probably the most dangerous creature—-, no, it should be called as a monster.” Brendel’s eyes scanned the entire mountain and quickly discovered another batch of Demonic Tree patrolling the area. The creatures wrapped with whips slowly moved towards the pathway filled with boulders,

[It matches my memories in the game.]

“Monster?”

“Yes. The creatures that we met earlier are born from this tree.”

“How?” Freya’s eyes went wild with shock.

They were not as tense as before when they saw the patrolling Demonic Trees. The three of them had fought against the servants of the Golden Demonic Tree during their journey to the Forbidden Garden, and Brendel took in another 65 XP. He even managed to get a Tree Crystal from a Mature Demonic Tree.

It was a crafting material in the game, but Brendel did not know how the production stats were calculated, so he just put it into his bag as it might benefit them later on.





He also realized that Freya and Romaine’s apparent growth. Especially the future Goddes of War. Her strength and agility had risen sharply from the battles, and she was almost at the level of a guard. The only thing that Brendel did not understand was how they received XP, but from the looks of it, their progress was much slower than him.

Freya as a pure militia should have increased her level repeatedly from killing a high-level monster like the Demonic Tree, but he felt that his Mercenary profession’s level rose much faster. It was all very puzzling.

But he quickly put away these idle thoughts because he had more important things to do. If the Golden Demonic Tree discovered them, then it would summon the Rotten Beasts from the outside to its aid, and leave them with little time.

He had estimated in the game before, the first batch of Rotten Beast would reach in fifteen minutes, and if they were still unable to finish off the Golden Demonic Tree, they had to consider running away.

But Brendel did not immediately seek to initiate a fight. He had another issue that needed an answer even before he thought of defeating the Demonic Tree patrol. He looked up at the steep slope.

“Wait for me here, don’t get discovered.” He turned back and replied.

“Brendel?”



* * *





Vol.1 Chapter 33




TL: Edited 2 Jan 2018. If there are any further mistakes you spotted, please leave a comment.





Chapter 33 – Before the assault



Brendel looked at the steep slope which was shaped like a knife. He then turned to Romaine and got her to wear the Ring of Spiderweb. He realized that her perception was surprisingly high, and letting her wear it would increase her ability.

Romaine had spied on the beautiful ring with black and white patterns for a long time and was naturally happy to receive it. But she still asked curiously: “Is this a magic ring too, Brendel?”

“Yes. It allows you to hear better. So pay attention and if there are any commotions, inform Freya. I’ll be back very soon.”

In this valley, there was another monster besides the Golden Demonic Tree that was of considerable danger, a Rock Wurm. It was a rare elite that appeared because of the side effects of the Mana imbalance. During the first time it appeared in the game, Brendel nearly ended up being defeated by it.





“There are other enemies?” Both girls spoke at the same time.

“There might be; doesn’t it pay to be careful?” He did not want to act like a clairvoyant as it was not going to be easy to explain things in the future if he chose that path, so he chose to reply in a vague manner.

But Freya nodded understandingly and tightened her grip on the longsword to guard Romaine.

“I’ll protect her in the meantime, but come back quickly.”

“Erm?” He looked at her in surprise.

[When did this silly girl become so cooperative?]

He was a little flustered, but it did not look like a conspiracy, so he put down his backpack hesitatingly and took out a rope and hook from it. He looked at the girls again before he carefully climbed.

“Freya, is Brendel going to be alright alone?” Romaine whispered and asked.

“He has his own plans and we can’t help him with it. It will be enough if we don’t let him worry over here.”

“But—”

Freya she shook her head and her ponytail swayed. Her bright eyes showed a serious expression. She was not admitting defeat to him but felt that her current strength could only do so much. She had reflected on herself earnestly, and she had to have high expectations of herself as a leader of a squadron.

She exhaled slowly and brought her sword close to her chest, becoming determined.

On the other side, Brendel advanced on the steep slope by using the rope and hook. He was still tens of meters away from a certain gap in the wall. He breathed in deeply and glanced behind his back. It was fortunate the Golden Demonic Tree and its guards relied on sound and mana to find their targets. He was completely open from his position.

He grabbed onto a protruding rock, and sand trickled from the surface. The tiny sound did not count for much, but he was worried that it might escalate into something bigger, and tried to limit his actions as quietly as possible.

[30 meters more. it will soon be over.]





There was no soul gem that dropped along the way, but Brendel knew he still had one more chance. There was a treasure in the gap— no, claiming it as a treasure was sort of wrong. Players would call all resources and rewards from hidden places as treasure, but the treasure was a memento.

In the plot within the game, there was a young noble who loved to adventure called Bergens. He came to this valley with his allies but was unfortunately separated from them. Although he managed to escape to a gap within the walls, he died there due to his injuries.

There were some possessions along with a keepsake on him. Brendel could bring the keepsake to Bruglas to complete the mission and though the reward was not promising, it was better than nothing.

But the possessions that the noble had were more interesting. Since the game gave out random treasures, there was the possibility where anything could be given out as long as the person’s luck was good.

The greatest treasure that Brendel got was an Amber Gemstone, but he knew that he was not a lucky person and it was unlikely to get it here.

[A Soul Gem would be good enough since the drop percentage is high….. Seriously, what am I thinking about, this is not the game.]

He quickly climbed into the gap and immediately saw the unfortunate noble’s skeleton which was collapsed to one side. For one moment, he thought he had gone back into the game, because every detail appeared to be the same.

He quickly composed himself and carefully went over to the skeleton, and his eyes fell onto a small bag. He was stunned for a moment as he noticed a piece of dry and dusty lambskin paper inside it.

[There was nothing like this in the game!]

He picked up the paper lightly and discovered that it was a will. There were only a few lines on it:

“Mother Marsha above, I might not be in this world for much longer. If I am to meet an unfortunate end and the one who chanced upon my will, I hereby legally transfer all my possessions on my body to you. Furthermore, I have a secret wealth passed down from my ancestors and would award a third to you. Please pass a third to my wife, Sadie, and a third to my daughter…… (unintelligible).

If you are interested in this wealth, please pass my will and my keepsake to my wife, and tell her ‘The date on the Barde ball’ and she will understand what I wish to convey.

Finally, I am sorry, Sadie. May Mother Marsha punish me.”

Brendel read everything and looked blankly at the paper. He had never seen this piece of paper. The only mission to this was taking the seal ring off his fingers and pass it to Bruglas’s citizen registry and he would receive a certain amount of money. The mission would end there and there was no further continuation.

[What does this mean? Is it because this world is different from the game?]

Brendel shook his head. He instinctively refused to believe that judgment. Everything had matched to his memories to every last detail, and there was no reason why there was an exception here. He pondered on it for a while.

[What could be the reason? Wait— Of course! It might be possible that the first person who discovered this will receive a unique mission. There are many ‘first’ missions and ‘only’ missions. But has such a thing ever happen in repeatable dungeons? Nobody had mentioned this before, although…..]

He continued to hesitate for a long time, finally taking the will and seal ring carefully away, tying them to his belt He somehow felt that this mission sounded familiar.

Someone completed a mission with a similar ring to it and posted it to the forums, but the daughter’s name and the address of the family were completely blurred out in his mind. It was probably this event. This mission would be much simpler if he was able to recall the details.

Brendel did not really mind this point. The harder it was, the better the rewards were. At the very worst he would start from Bruglas’s citizen registry, since he had the clue of the noble’s name as well as his wife. But that was going to be a future thing, as he had to face his own problems now.

He inspected his victory loot next.

[A pretty good windfall. Two red gems, around 30 silver coins, a smoking pipe, a glass bead and a grey stone fragment.]

Brendel poured everything out and carefully inspected them once again, and he was disappointed that he did not discover any Soul Gems. He sighed.





It was a decent reward if it was in the game, but he did not need money or materials. Items with an immediate impact were things that were most important as he needed to increase his strength. But even though it was disappointing, he still swept everything into his bag. He did not check what was of use as they were just trinkets.

After cleaning out the loot from the gap, he took a final look at the skeleton before returning where he came from. Everything turned out smoothly, and the girls were relieved when they saw him returning to the wall’s opening.

“Brendel, you’re finally back. When you were not around, Freya and I were so tense. There was no sound at all in the surroundings.” Romaine patted her chest and exhaled with relief.

“Don’t pull me into this-” Freya’s face turned crimson. “I simply went out there to check the surroundings. There’s a patrolling team out there and we should quickly kill them.”

“Do we need to go out?” Romaine asked

“Well, there’s the option where we can also wait here. When it is a little later, we can leave from the other end of the exit. Although we can avoid a fight, the remaining time will be tight.” Brendel said.

“How long should we wait if that’s the case?” Freya asked.

“We will set out two hours later.”

The girl paused for a while. “How far is Fortress Riedon from here?”

The furthest she had left from home was Verbin. Even though she had heard of Fortress Riedon from the adults’ lips, it was nothing more than an impression.

“Let me put it this way, if we are going to delay for two hours, we will be racing against the undead army.” He looked at Romaine: “We might be able to reach the fortress a little earlier, but there would be little time left to warn them.”

“We will save time if we destroy that Demonic Tree?”

“There’s a hidden passageway behind that monster, and it’s used by merchants in the past to avoid the checkpoints. I have seen it in the Bruglas’s city documents when I was still a militia.” He lied without skipping a heartbeat.

Though there was no falsehood about the passageway since it was knowledge from the game.

“Is the tree dangerous?” He pointed towards it.

“Incredibly dangerous. It’s 50/50.” Brendel answered gravely. Even though he wanted to gamble and finish off the Golden Demonic Tree, he had to tell the girls the truth about the risk they are taking.

In a party, everyone had to make a choice about their lives, no one could force another. The basic rules in The Amber Sword.

Freya went silent.

“Romaine, are you fine with it?”

Romaine shook her head: “I liked adventuring. My life was meant to do meaningful things.”

Freya took back her gaze on her and nodded: “I understand. Brendel, please bring us to defeat it. Even if we are to fail, I will not regret it.”

He did not expect Freya’s reaction to be so strong.

He grinned and said: “There’s no need to be so polite. I’ll tell you how to defeat it. But we need to settle the patrol team first. Six Demonic Trees, I believe you’re already familiar with them, but we need to end it in an instant this time.”

He brought them to the wall opening’s edge. They could see the monsters clearly. He circled an area: “We will sneak over there and launch an attack on my count. We need to be slow when we sneak up on them, and it’s absolutely important that we don’t let them discover us.”





He paused for a moment to calculate the remaining time and continued:

“We still have at least half an hour for a comfortable gain, so we don’t need to hurry. Romaine and I will attack from the right, while you are to hide below that boulder on that left side. When we launch an attack, you will attack the two that are at the very back. Do you remember their weaknesses?”

Brendel wanted Romaine on his side to protect her, as well as easing Freya’s pressure. That merchant girl did not have any true combat strength.

She nodded.

The Demonic Trees’ weaknesses were at their four limbs because their sensory organs were on them. If they lost their limbs they were not a threat.

But she was a little tense.

The way how they handled these trees from before were schemes based on surprise attacks, like falling boulders or waiting till they could jump on them, but it was a frontal assault now.

She was not worried about Brendel’s capabilities, but was she able to do so?

Freya was uncertain of herself.

He glanced at her and knew what she was thinking. Every newbie had the same problem, and even though Freya should be considered an ‘NPC’, but she was probably no different. He thought for a while, and spoke encouragingly: “You don’t need to worry too much, your armor limits their attacks a lot and you should attack them aggressively.”

She nodded.



* * *





Vol.1 Chapter 34




TL: Edited 2 Jan 2018. If there are any further mistakes you spotted, please leave a comment.





Chapter 34 – Golden Demonic Tree



The three people made their way down to the valley silently and waited in ambush.

Brendel made his movements seem like time was frozen. His movements were so delicate and subtle that one would find it impossible to discover anything out of the ordinary, even if they were to survey the surroundings.

He had walked on this path more than a hundred times.

He had failed before in his attempts in the game and was constantly discovered when he was still unfamiliar with the strategy, but he was not the past rookie and he would not fail here now.

Even though the Demonic Trees had exceptional strength, these naturally blind creatures were not effective in investigating their surroundings.

The tense Brendel heard the faint rustling of pebbles rubbing against leather boots. He turned back and saw Freya looking anxiously at him. The youth furrowed his brows.

[You’re still too tense, Freya.]





He stopped to allow Romaine to pass by him. The merchant girl was doing very well by lowering her body and breathing evenly. Her strides were not overly large and she did not move slowly either. Certainly, she was as elegant as a cat.

Her current mentality was filled with dexterous cautiousness from the excitement, and her heart that was as taut as a string strangely pushed out her potential. She was a natural adventurer.

“Romaine, you’re doing really well, keep on doing this.” Brendel encouraged her by mouthing the words out.

She quickly nodded in response, her actions were really small, but she could not suppress the pride in her heart.

As Romaine passed by Brendel, he looked back at Freya. She seemed to know her own problems and lowered her head involuntarily. He sighed in silence when he saw this scene.

If any person looked at her, it was clear that she did not possess outstanding wisdom, judgment, mentality, or even physique, and one would think she was nothing more than an ordinary person.

But Brendel knew there had to be something about her that allowed her to hold the legendary name of ‘The Goddess of War’.

He narrowed his eyes into a line and looked thoughtfully at her. Her light orange colored hair was on full display when she lowered her head, reasonably dense and soft looking. It looked like she had taken much care with it. She did not comb it skilfully, but it was meticulously done.

At this moment she was crouching her body and progressing past him. The girl did not utter any sound, and only her long ponytail followed her bobbing action, almost as if it to display her desire in her heart.

Brendel knew that it was her unbending will, His heart skipped a beat.

“Freya.”

She paused for a moment.

“You’re too tense, relax a little.”

“Sorry, I……”

“It’s fine. Do you see the boulder in front of us? We will split up here from now onwards. Hide behind there until the patrol team passes by. You must attract the attention of the last two Demonic Trees the first moment when we launch an attack.”

She nodded.





“Go ahead, I’ll wait here to watch over you.” He turned his body and laid beside a field of broken rocks and gestured to her. “Freya, I’m sure you can do it well.”

She showed a shocked expression as it was different from the initial plan. But she was not stupid to not know that he stayed behind to boost her confidence. She felt slightly moved, but could only press her lips firmly together and nodded gravely.

He felt relieved when he noticed that her actions a little steadier than before as she progressed forward.

This was a normal reaction to tense situations. On the other hand, someone like Romaine, who was calm and bold, was rare.

But when he turned his head the other way, he noticed that Romaine had stopped moving and was looking curiously at him. He gave an exasperated sigh and gestured at her to keep on moving forward.

It was unfortunate that her mind was steady but her thoughts were beyond common sense. It was Freya who was more reliable, and he looked forward to seeing her grow into the Goddess of War in the future.

Freya soon reached her destination. The patrol team had just crossed half of the mountain valley, and it was impossible for them to try anything at that moment.

Brendel had a little trouble to get into his own position as encouraging Freya took some precious time. The monsters were already in their ambush range.

At this distance, he might be discovered if he made a wrong move.

But he was still that veteran warrior in the game, forcefully willing himself to gauge the best timing and the enemies’ pathing to the best moment without any errors. When he finally was beside Romaine, he had to wipe the cold perspiration on his forehead. It was too close for comfort, but his actions were flawless and he did not let his tense emotions affect his abilities.

Romaine noticed his perspiration and quickly handed over a checkered handkerchief. He glanced at the handkerchief and faintly remembered that it was a handicraft from the northern region Vieiro. It was difficult to find something like this in Bucce and was one of the merchant girl’s favorite items.

“Thanks.” He mouthed the word.

“I should be the one thanking you, Brendel.” She hugged her bag and answered earnestly: “It’s probably going to be very dangerous soon, and there might not be such a chance later right? So I want to tell you that I am thankful, Brendel.”

Brendel was taken aback slightly and he gave a faint smile in response.

In a few heartbeats, the six Demonic Trees were already near them, and the three of them who hid behind the sharp boulders could hear the shuffling sounds of their footsteps approaching nearer and nearer to them.

The Demonic Trees used a low rumbling note to pass information to each other and were able to feedback to their parent by telepathy.

Brendel saw Freya pulling her sword out, who went as far as to wrap her blade with her clothes to prevent the reflection of the light from the blade from appearing, and he nodded at her thoughtfulness even though it was unnecessary here. She was improving every day and moving away from that idealistic village girl.

He gestured immediately.

‘I will go first, then it will be your turn.’

Freya’s brows creased together. He was always trying to take on the dangerous portion of the job to himself, and it made her feel uneasy and displeased at the same time. But even so, she knew that this was the best plan and could only nod reluctantly.

The Demonic Tree moved across the ground and continued downwards to an array of rocks. They suddenly stopped and extended their search everywhere, and communicated differently with a series of notes that had different tones.

Brendel pulled out the ‘Thorn of Light’, with one arm protecting romaine, and gave an attack signal to Freya—

[Right now, they should be behind us and far apart from each other. Now is the best time!]

Brendel charged out in an arch and his first target was a mature Demonic Tree. Freya decisively pulled out his sword and rushed towards to the back lines of the group, and her targets were the two closest Demonic Trees.

The Demonic Trees in charge of the rear were typically alert, and thus their reactions were the quickest. They discovered Freya when their heads turned backward and bellowed loudly. Their vines pierced through the air like a javelin, whistling sharply like inhuman shrieks.





Freya swung her hands outwards and blocked the four chain-like whips away as the ‘Feathers of Wind’ shone individually to protect her. She jumped high up and knocked onto a Demonic Tree. The dimming ‘Feathers of Wind’ lit themselves once again, and the giant creature was knocked flying away by the sudden assault.

She remembered Brendel’s words earlier that her armor was highly effective against them and she should just attack with her limbs.

She gritted her teeth as she headed towards to the Demonic Tree lying on the ground without any real plan. The whips came at her with the force of a tidal wave. she knew she had limited strength and might be knocked away, so she raised her sword up high and cleaved downwards at the Demonic Tree’s right arm.

There was a light crunching sound, and its right arm containing the vines flew straight up, but Freya was also knocked away onto the ground from the enemy’s attack in return. When she started to get up, another Demonic Tree whipped at her and she rolled onto the ground several times from the impact. Even though the Half Plate of the Wind Empress protected her, the attack from the monster ruptured her inner organs and she coughed out blood.

The enemy on the ground did not recover quickly, so she only had one enemy to face. However, while she wiped the blood away from her mouth, she was unable to find any chance to attack because of the monster’s flailing vines that were swinging wildly.

She lightly drew in a breath of air.

At the other end, Brendel had already finished off his enemy from his ambush.

The ‘Thorn of Light’ in his hands was like a line of silvery flash: His first attack was a stab that entered the Demonic Tree’s right flank, which then moved across in an arc to sever the right arm and several vines, turning it into flying ashes.

The second attack was a slash that lopped off its two legs, and the instant the creature lost its balance and crashed to the ground, the icy blade had gone across its neck.

Under the web of swirling lights made by Brendel, the mature Demonic Tree quickly turned to ashes.

This was the advantage of his guerrilla tactic when he had the first strike, but the rest of them required some improvisation.

He had a few ideas and decided to retreat after his successful ambush. The remaining three Demonic Trees obviously did not want to let him get away and chased him with a roar.

Brendel lured them to a narrow pathway where they formed a line subconsciously to keep pursuing him, but what awaited them was a gleaming silver ring on his finger.

“Oss!”

Freya heard a frightening blast coming from the left side and knew it came from Brendel. She was momentarily distracted. When she regained her senses, she realized that the enemy in front of her was actually stunned by the sound from the explosion.

As an ignorant youth from Bucce, she did not understand that the sound explosion had a great effect on the Demonic Tree that was sensitive to sound. It nearly caused a complete loss to its judgment of the world around it, and the world around him was endless waves of bright light where nothing existed.

The only thing of importance to her that it was a chance, and it was more than enough. She raised the sword that was almost corroded to the breaking point and she mercilessly chopped the Demonic Tree’s legs.

The short battle seemed to draw at an end by her sword’s arc.

With a crisp cracking sound, the Demonic Tree and her sword were snapped in half. She almost could not believe she had succeeded and her mouth was agape with surprise. Then she finally noticed Romaine opposite of her, panting tiredly with a Madara’s black steel sword in her hands.

“Romaine!”





“Freya, s-sorry, Brendel told me to help you………”

She smiled: “It’s no problem at all, thanks.”

Brendel saw this scene unfold when he came out from the narrow pathway of rocks and was momentarily dazed. He thought that she was going to become angry but her reaction was quite contrary to his prediction.

He did not entirely plan this for the sake of reducing Freya’s burden, but also partly on the tactical consideration. The crux of this plan was actually on her side. The strength of the enemy team relied heavily on the mature Demonic Tree as the leader, and the two Demonic Trees that were vigilant.

As long as these two Demonic Trees were bogged down, he would be able to kill the mature Demonic Tree easily and execute the plan to lure the remaining Demonic Trees. If the enemies were able to do a counter attack in this open terrain, he might not be able to protect Freya and Romaine’s safety even if he was five levels higher.

He was agonizing over the explanation but she seemed to have understood this point already.

“Why is the Golden Demonic Tree quiet?” She asked Bre when she saw him coming over: “It can’t move?”

Brendel woke up from his stupor. He shook his head. The Golden Demonic Tree was not going to stay quiet, and in fact, it was the exact opposite. The moment they attacked, the Golden Demonic Tree had noticed them already and already launched its counter attack.

It merely did it silently.

“We only have a minute, and I’ll explain to you how to handle the Golden Demonic Tree. Both of you must listen carefully unless you want your souls to be trapped forever within the Golden Demonic Tree.” He replied.



* * *





Vol.1 Chapter 35




TL: Edited 2 Jan 2018. If there are any further mistakes you spotted, please leave a comment.



Chapter 35 – The illusion of the past



The sun was at its brightest under the clear sky in this spring.

During April, the viridescent grass extended itself to the end of Bruglas’s river. Verdant and luxuriant trees grew in the forest, and one could find a watermill or sawmill at the golden currents of the river’s turn.

The crystal clear water flowed along the pebbles in the stream, crossing over the pine mountains and then continued to the Vieiro area in the north. To the natives who lived there, this river was like an endless song that carried the wisdom of the ages.

The past Brendel believed in that story and he traveled along the river to listen to the sounds in the forest. There were bears residing in it, but it was difficult to spot them. In his memories, this was the place where his grandfather loved to bring him in the past.

And in the current Brendel’s memory, this was a newbie’s region that he was instantly familiar. Most of the creatures were low leveled while the bears were the Bosses of this area, and dropped quality hides.

The two memories had meshed together and sprang up in his mind here.

Just a few minutes ago where he recalled the strategy to fight against the Golden Demonic Tree —

“Freya, Romaine. I’ll keep things short. Both of you might have realized that the Golden Demonic Tree’s real power is the Soul Energy within it. This is the reason why it is able to control so many Rotten Beasts and Demonic Trees.”





“Soul Energy?” Romaine asked.

“Don’t interrupt Brendel,” Freya said.

“Sorry.”

“Yes, Soul Energy. The ability to spy on thoughts and gain control of people’s hearts. The Golden Demonic Tree is able to create grand illusions and detain the souls in there.” Brendel replied: “The truth is when we fought against the Demonic Trees, the Golden Demonic Tree has already started to affect our thoughts. It is always dreaming, and its dream shall merge with us very soon.”

“Dream? What does that mean?”

“Very soon we will enter our own dreams, and you will see something unbelievable in it. Before that happens there are crucial points that I need to tell you……”

Brendel pointed to the center of the valley. The Golden Demonic Tree was becoming more beautiful in their eyes. The branches extended everywhere, seemingly unleashing a vibrant life towards the world. It was a sign that it was spreading the dream world towards reality.

In the game, the Tree Shepherd bestowed the Golden Tree a drop of blood from the Gods to awaken the powers within it, but the Elven tree also slumbered into an eternal dream. The contents of the dream was a world of darkness and ghastly whispers, and any normal mortals would sink into madness just by catching a glimpse of the world.

This world was considerably fatal to the players in the game. Once they entered into it they were prone to death anytime. But in order to defeat the Golden Demonic Tree, they had to enter this dream.

This was the first stage of fighting against the Golden Demonic Tree, named Phantasmagoria.

This stage was once considered to be the hardest battle in the game, but the guild ‘Freedom’ solved this problem by using a trick. It was a rarely known secret early on, and Brendel returned to this area once again when the secret was distributed widely. It was also a coincidence that his resources at hand allowed him to complete the first stage, but it was probably insufficient for the second stage.

When the first stage ended, he would have to seek victory by using their real abilities, and he thought it was difficult for their current strength.

[The players who attempt this dungeon have an average level of 25. I’m only at level 10, and the girls’ levels are definitely below me. Even with all our rare equipment, it would be difficult to finish the boss battle in 15 minutes, and after that period of time, the Rotten Beasts will arrive.

The Holy Sword would be my trump card. If I make every strike count, then it might just be possible to take down the Golden Demonic Tree within that time frame, barely.]

“Crucial points?” Freya’s voice brought him back to reality.

Brendel took a moment to recall what Freya said, then nodded: “The Golden Demonic Tree’s dream will invade our own, but you must remember you are the ones who control the dream. Regardless of how it constructs your dream, or create the most fearsome of beasts, they would never go past your limits.”

[Back in the game, the Golden Demonic Tree will create the strongest monsters that a player has met and recreate that dream. In addition, there were several other negative attributes added to the mix,. With every injury and mistake made, the negative attributes would increase while the enemies become even stronger. This ends up as a loop where the enemies become stronger while the player becomes weaker and finally gets defeated as a result.]

Brendel did not know how these negative attributes would present itself here. But there is only one answer. They had to be brimming with confidence and ensure that they are in their best conditions to secure victory.

He pointed at his temple and looked gravely at the girls: “Gather your concentration and keep your determination up to fight. The human’s ‘Will’ attribute.”

“‘Will’ Attribute?”





“Don’t interrupt, Romaine!” Brendel snapped in exasperation: “I’m talking about willpower. A human’s willpower can be unstable, and it will fluctuate based on your conditions. Gather your concentration and hold on to your determination to keep on fighting. That way, your willpower will always remain at its peak. As long as your willpower holds steady, the Golden Demonic Tree will find it difficult to bring about your negative emotions. Don’t get controlled by that negative emotion, otherwise, there would be dire consequences.”

“How dire?” The merchant girl looked at him with bright eyes.

He did not reply. He was afraid his answer will make them tense, and that was also a negative emotion. In the game’s lore, defeat would mean that their souls would be detained eternally in the Golden Demonic Tree, until it was purified by flames into ashes, where the souls would finally be released. But their bodies would not have survived the loss of the souls.

The surroundings were starting to become foggy.

Brendel still had one more rule that he did not manage to finish explaining. The first person who woke up had the ability to enter another person’s dream and signal to the person, boosting their confidence and faith to allow them to defeat the dream more easily.

Each person had only one chance to do something like that, so there was a tactical placement; The strongest individual will enter the dream first, then the second strongest, the third strongest and so forth. That way the strongest person will be in time to aid the next person. This allowed for fewer members to be defeated in the game, which was the trick that ‘Freedom’ discovered.

Brendel quickly decided the order.

“I’ll be first to enter the dream state. Next is Freya, and the last is Romaine.”

“How do you enter the dream state?” Freya asked.

“Just close your eyes for a while and you will be pht—” Brendel bit his tongue when he saw the merchant girl actually closing her eyes to try it out. He immediately used his forefingers to pull the corners of her eyes to bring up her eyelids.

“Ah!” She uttered a short yelp as Brendel flicked her forehead.

“My esteemed lady! Curiosity kills the cat!”

“S-sorry.”

“The dream world that’s filled with magic and spiritual powers is very dangerous. You must be cautious. I’m closing my eyes now.”

He sighed. Since he had the most experience amongst them, he should naturally be the first one to enter the dream.

Freya had many mental barriers right now and she was in greater danger, so he had to quickly aid her without any errors. On the other hand, Romaine should have the easiest time escaping from the Golden Demonic Tree’s control, and with Freya’s help, she should have no problems at all.

The first stage was five minutes in reality. In the dream world, it extended to half an hour. If they were not able to free themselves in the dream world, they would be lost forever and detained eternally.

This looked like a very strong plan to him, and at the very least he did not spot any problems on the surface. If he succeeded there would be a generous reward from it, and they would have sufficient time to move within the fortress.

There was no one who knew better than Brendel about the fortress’s situation and how the future would turn out. Every bit of extra time meant additional hope in finding Romaine’s aunt and successfully escaping from there.

He patted on the ‘Thorn of Light’ on his waist and breathed deeply. The dream world was incredibly realistic. The scent of the river’s wet earth filled his nose, a taste that belonged to the Bruglas’s April grasses and forest trees.

But what did it mean for the Golden Demonic Tree to throw him here? Did it think that the strongest creature he met was the old brown bear in this forest?





If that was the case, it was merely a rare level 16 elite, and he could easily defeat it.

But in his memories, it was never easy with the Golden Demonic Tree. If anything, the creatures that were corrupted by the ‘Blood of Gods’ were the most malevolent creatures in this world. There was no reasoning to how evil they were.

[If I counted the time correctly, I should be entering a plot event right about now right?]

Even though he had been in this world for a few days, he was still using terms unique to his previous world subconsciously.

At that moment, he heard a series of sounds where metal struck each other. His ears moved. At his current level 3 Military Swordsmanship, he was able to discern from his ears that two people were fighting.

[But it doesn’t sound like a duel, but mere practice.]

He did not choose to evade this event as he knew that it was pointless to do so. Furthermore, avoiding danger meant that he was fleeing and counted as a negative emotion, which might be used by the Golden Demonic Tree. He followed the source of the sound and discovered they came from the nearby watermill and logging mill. When he drew in a little closer and looked across the water wheel, he saw two surprising figures.

It was an old man full of silvery-greyish hair with long sideburns. He wore a deep blue colored uniform with a familiar emblem, and there was a sword in his hand. His figure gave an indomitable impression, as though he was an immovable mountain. But what made Brendel’s heart skip a beat was his expression, and his eyes displayed an unassailable will behind them. If anyone with a guilty bone in his body saw him, they would immediately avert their eyes away in contrition.

The other person was a boy holding a wooden sword. He looked no different from other boys, but the meaning was different in his eyes.

This boy was… Brendel.

More accurately, it was a young Brendel.

He raised his head in shock as he realized who the old man was. That was definitely his grandfather, a veteran of the November’s war and one who had received the Candlelight Emblem–

[Holy shit! The Candlelight Emblem from the Holy Cathedral of flames isn’t something that can be gotten easily—]

His heart quickened as he realized that the dream world was a little different from the game. But with that hesitation, he realized the aura from his grandfather was becoming stronger, even affecting his mind.

“I’m being hit with negative emotions!” He immediately realized he was affected subconsciously.





It was completely different in the game since there was no way a game could affect the mind, but right here in this real world…!

[This is going to be much more difficult compared to the game with this…]

Brendel gritted his teeth as he checked the bag on his belt. Fortunately, he still had a trump card. Even though this was utterly unexpected, it was still in his control.

He calmed down as he realized this.

The old man’s eyes stopped on him. He stared at him for a moment before speaking.

“Lad, are you qualified to inherit everything from my grandson?”

This sentence made Brendel’s body tremble.



* * *





Vol.1 Chapter 36




TL: Edited 2 Jan 2018. If there are any further mistakes you spotted, please leave a comment.





Chapter 36 – Surpass me



Brendel’s mind was greatly shaken. It was his biggest secret in this world. Even though the old and new Brendel had merged together, it was hard for him to explain how the two memories merged together. Even he willed himself to accept everything, there was still a subconscious barrier remaining in him.

[This secret that I wanted to keep locked inside my heart is ripped out instantly by the Golden Demonic Tree… No, that’s not it—]

He immediately shook his head. It was impossible for The Golden Demonic Tree to break it open so quickly. That creature was just using the past Brendel’s memory— Why would Brendel’s grandfather say something like that to him?

[I’m my own enemy here. Brendel’s grandfather must be talking to the old Brendel, and it’s nothing more than a coincidence.]





He shut his eyes and took a deep breath. The feeling that his defenses were completely exposed to the enemy disappeared after realizing that his deepest thoughts in his mind were not revealed yet.

He calmed down quickly.

He had deflected this first attack made by the Golden Demonic Tree by chance, and his current mentality actually stabilized. He gulped and cried inwardly that he was lucky.

He pulled out the ‘Thorn of Light’, answering the old man: “We would know whether I have the qualifications once we crossed swords.”

The old man nodded: “Very good. Now you’re acting more like a Cadirosso. There are many people in this world who brag too much, and I don’t want to see my descendant acting like a useless fool.”

Brendel’s mind responded. This was not an attempt to undermine him. His grandfather’s reaction was surely a reflection of his own surging confidence.

[This is a good sign. It means that my Willpower is recovering to its peak condition.]

He indicated for his grandfather to make the first move. Even if it was a dream, the opponent was someone his senior. Being polite showed off his confidence, and so he did it.

Within this dream world, the person who made the first move did not represent that he would gain the upper hand. It was possible that it was a trap arranged by the malicious creature. Only by guarding the weaknesses tightly would deny it the chance to invade the mind.

The old man nodded again and he shifted his left foot forward, and the sword on his left shoulder. This was the strongest form within the Military Swordsmanship. When Brendel saw that, his forehead went numb because he could not see an opening at all.

[Even back in the game I did not train Aouine’s Military Swordsmanship to this level, who the bloody hell was your grandfather!]





This thought passed through his mind for a single instant, and he felt the sword in his arm become a little heavier. He yelled expletives in his mind; this slight gap was actually caught by the Golden Demonic Tree.

[Are you fucking serious!]

He went into a defensive stance.

He could only choose to use something that was more familiar from the Military Swordsmanship because he did not have any other swordsmanship with levels in it.

Against a veteran opponent, there was no meaning to use flashy techniques from the higher levels. Without adding more levels to the skill or reaching the required stats, it was full of flaws in front of his grandfather.

Brendel was also an experienced warrior and understood his position clearly.

There was no indication from the old man, but he made his move with the sword flashing at Brendel. His sword was not very fast, but the skill behind it was impeccable. There were no flaws in the attack and appeared like an ordinary swing, but one would feel that the sword could strike from anywhere with the next attack.

The air escaped from Brendel’s lungs.

[This is the swordsmanship from Brendel’s grandfather? Then it’s no wonder he could get the Candlelight Emblem. This level of skill makes it possible to keep a flow of attacks if it’s not dealt with properly… No wonder Brendel’s innate skill with the sword was so impressive, for an NPC anyway. If this old man had a better lineage, he would definitely receive the title of a knight.]

Brendel had no way to counter, so he tried sealing the next attack instead. There was a loud clash from the swords, and Brendel staggered from the strength of the opponent. His mind panicked and before he could stop his thoughts, he felt the opponent’s sword growing heavier.

[Holy fuck, you god damned Golden Demonic Tree!]

Brendel certainly knew what was going on. It could not be compared to the game’s version at all. This was a true puppet master, not that rubbish AI in the game. But Brendel did not feel scared at this moment and was overflowing with the will to fight back.

He stared at his grandfather’s eyes. The latter’s expression was perfectly calm like still water, as though he could read someone’s heart.

He suddenly felt puzzled. Why did such an outstanding grandfather leave such a faint impression in the old Brendel’s memories? Even when he saw him for the first time, he had to look at the young Brendel’s memory to confirm it was his grandfather.

[Something’s wrong.]





He searched his memories again.

The old Brendel’s memory of his grandfather was a rigid person who was not fond of speaking or laughing. The next impression was the Candlelight emblem and the aura as a veteran from the November War. But these memories were not as vivid as the ones like the painting and his old home.

[Both grandfather and grandson lived together for several years, so why does he appear to be so estranged to Brendel when they meet again under this situation? The past Brendel isn’t supposed to be someone who would forget his own grandfather’s appearance.]

He fended off the old man’s sword once again and the sound between metal sang out. He felt the opponent’s sword grow heavier again, almost to the point where the sword nearly left his hand. His felt a shock in his mind, and he looked at the old man again.

His expression had become strict as if he was displeased.

He read the warning message from the system in his mind as a penalty was applied.

[What the fuck! This is self-doubt!]

He received another blow to his mind, and the defense in his mind grew from a tiny crack and spread outwards. The youth’s defense became more and more flimsy, and the old man’s strikes knocked him over to the ground. His blood grew cold as he quickly rolled over from the impact and got up.

But when he turned back, there were no grassy plains anymore. It was a gray house. Indeed, it was the old house in Bucce, where he woke up that fateful night in this world.

Brendel’s perspiration gathered on his forehead. This meant the Golden Demonic Tree had invaded further into his mind. He could not help but reach into the bag on his belt.

But he hesitated and questioned himself if he wanted to use a solution that was not part of his strength.

There was a sudden reluctance in his heart. He looked at the old man’s face. His grandfather still had the same strictness on his wrinkled face, but there were signs of disappointment.

The disappointment pierced his mind.

It was as if the twenty years of the real Brendel’s memory had suddenly become clear and emerged from his body; his former self wanting to fight his grandfather.

“Let me fight!” A voice said.

He suddenly felt this thought growing in his mind and knew that it was the old Brendel’s feelings affecting himself. He was merging into this world and with the memories of his loved ones.

But he shook his head.

[No, It’s possible that the Golden Demonic Tree is utilizing my weakness. I have to use that technique to leave this dream world.]

But when he placed his hand over to that position, he received a shock. The old man’s disappointment had become more apparent.

“… But it’s not right to deny the past Brendel’s wishes.” He muttered to himself.

[But you must understand, the Golden Demonic Tree is using his weakness.]

“Even so, he’s part of me now.”

[You will fail.]

“But succeeding here doesn’t mean that my weakness is gone.”

Brendel suddenly became quiet. He realized why Brendel’s grandfather had not spoken even once after he pulled his sword.

The old man had many chances to defeat him, yet he only looked at him with disappointment. He said nothing and simply waited quietly.

Brendel felt as if lightning had streaked across his mind and lit up every dark corner in his heart. This was not the Golden Demonic Tree’s handiwork of pity.

[No, this place is the absolute sanctuary that the past Brendel had in his memories! The Golden Demonic Tree isn’t capable of utilizing this place!]

Then why?

He took another look at the old man’s face. In the dark corners of his face, was it still only disappointment?





Of course, it was.

He felt his whole body tremble. Why did the old man feel disappointed?

“Because it’s the endless expectations that the grandfather had. This is the old Brendel’s memory of his grandfather. The latter was strict and full of expectations. His eyes are full of disappointment, but it is not to censure the boy. It was in hope that the boy could understand his feelings behind this expectation.”

“The old man wanted to let the boy know his love for him, and the boy knew deep down in his heart that it was so.”

Brendel raised his head and gripped his sword tightly. He bit his lips and forced himself to hold back his tears.

The youth thought he understood the former Brendel’s world but realized he did not understand it enough.

“Brendel, remember what I told you? Your back must be as straight as your sword. The men of the Cadirosso family must live proudly. You are my grandson, and the best amongst the rest of them.”

The old man raised his swords again.

“Come, let me see what you learned during ten years when I was gone.”

He nodded, unable to stop the pouring tears. These were his grandfather’s words, but they were also not. This was the answer the old Brendel’s heart wanted to have and the path he wanted to cross.

Brendel took a deep breath.

The two swords crossed each other —

“Stand up Brendel. How can a Cadirosso be so weak?”

“What are you crying for. Would a little-torn skin kill you?”

“Speak up, how do you want me to punish you this time?”

The grandfather in his memories who sat strictly on the seat of the elders, who sat silently and looked at him with disappointment.

The grandfather in his memories who was always dissatisfied with seemingly everything that he did.

But the old man in his memories finally walked the last journey in his life. The Brendel who was a child stood before that bed, feeling his Grandfather’s hand gently placing over his head and stroking his hair, before it finally lost its strength and fell across his small face.

It was a rough hand, but it made the boy feel that his grandfather could be relied on. His last sigh at the very end, was it still disappointment, or hopeful expectation?

Brendel felt the dream state dissolving around him. In his hand was a fading Candlelight emblem that was turning into ashes. He did not speak for a long time.

“Thank you, elder.”

TL: So in case it’s too subtle, the reason for the old Brendel’s weak memories of his grandfather, is because he perceived his grandfather as one who only saw disappointment in him, and at the end of his memories the lines blurred because subconsciously he realized that his grandfather might have loved him deeply, which became the basis for that sanctuary where the Golden Demonic Tree could not breach (the old man did not want to hurt Brendel).

New Brendel realized the truth at the very end and accepted the old Brendel’s memories and feelings. If I have to take a guess at what the grandfather and old Brendel wanted, the title of the chapter is probably a huge hint.



* * *





Vol.1 Chapter 37




TL: Unedited.





Chapter 37 – Awakening

Brendel opened his eyes after waking up from his grandfather’s dream. He felt his forehead was completely cold from the perspiration. He looked up at the gloomy sky and breathed out slowly. There were immediate ways to shake off the dream prison, either by using equipment that strengthen the willpower attribute or special abilities. An example would be his innate talent, ‘Unyielding’.

But he realized subconsciously that it was not the best solution.

Regardless, the past memories of the old Brendel had merged together with his own. He was no longer just purely Brendel or Sophie, and they were now one and the same in one body. If he ignored the old Brendel’s weaknesses, then one day he would be unable to look at his own weaknesses.

He needed to recognize for what he was now, to be able to accept everything that happened in his past.





This growth was not limited to just his mind— Accepting Brendel’s past had benefited him a great deal. Brendel’s grandfather personally taught his grandson his swordsmanship, but Brendel had subconsciously sealed his own memories because he had given up on himself.

With all the memories of the young Brendel unlocked, the swordsmanship that he had learned merged within his soul.

[Just exactly what sort of swordsmanship is this?]

The past Brendel had sealed off his grandfather’s swordsmanship because he deemed himself unworthy to use it. Even so his innate talent in the sword enabled him to become the best fighter in Anchorite’s militia batch.

The current Brendel opened his character window, and saw it had changed from before:

Civilian Soldier [Military Swordsmanship (Level 3+1), Grappling techniques (Level 3), Tactical Theory (Level 0), Military Organization (Level 0)]

The levels in the ability panel could not go past the level of the profession, but equipment and mission rewards were exceptions. A normal human who trained for 30-40 years would have the same level 4 Swordsmanship, but it was impossibly rare to find it on an eighteen years old youth.

Brendel felt that if he managed to completely absorb what his other grandfather had taught him, he would have increased his level 4 military swordsmanship another 30% more in the XP panel. When he recalled the old veteran’s swordsmanship, he felt a chill creeping behind his back. That was at least a level 10 Aouine’s military swordsmanship, and the old veteran was definitely a legendary figure.

Brendel sat up from the ground with complicated thoughts. He looked across the mountain valley. The fog surrounding the Golden Demonic Tree felt like it had dissipated a little, indicating that the power of the dream world was weakening. When he looked at the girls, he found they had their eyes closed tightly, occasionally creasing their brows.

Romaine’s face was pale, but her expression was very peaceful.

[Good. It seems that her situation is not as bad as I thought. Once she receives a mental boost, the Golden Demonic Tree’s first stage would not be difficult to deal with.]





He went over to Freya and pressed his finger on her forehead. He hesitated just a little before selecting ‘Faith’.

The Golden Demonic Tree utilized negative emotions to bring people into a trap that it created. Players had to use positive emotions to handle things. From how he looked at Freya’s usual performance, he believed that her determined and resolute ways were just a form of protection to hide her weaknesses. He hoped that she had more self confidence, as it would allow her to mature into the Goddess of War.

…He suddenly realized the girls were currently defenseless. It was easy to take advantage of the girls. He could not help but look at two girls who were deeply asleep. The translucent appearance on Romaine’s forehead made him want to kiss it.

His heart beat painfully in his chest, and he quickly stopped his thoughts. Even though he liked the merchant girl, he was not a shameless person. He rubbed his forehead as stranger thoughts flared up in his mind.

Then he thought about his dream again to curb his stray thoughts.

His mentality was different after leaving that world. He felt like he had become stronger from that feeling of loss. He knew that he was not going to turn back to his past world now, and the meaning in his life was to finish walking the road before him—

After understanding the past Brendel’s desires, he was going to plan his own road. He knew the ‘War of the Black Rose’ was about to end soon, as the battle in the game only extended from the end of May to the end of July.

None of the nobles wanted to be involved in this battle.

This coincided with Madara’s plans as well. It was an unprecedented change for Aouine when Madara defeated the kingdom successfully, but Madara did not wish to provoke the Alliance of Light, and they had to retreat at some point. Since neither of the two kingdoms wanted to continue a battle of attrition, they opted for a truce.

It was somewhat of a farce, and Brendel knew that the Aouine he wanted to fight for was not the current Aouine.

He was waiting for the Regent Princess to take over the throne.

And during the time he waited for this event to take place, he would take his own actions. He knew that after the war ended, the royal family would want to commend people who stood out in the war, establishing heroic figures to assuage the hearts of the citizens. But he was uninterested in this title, and more to the point, he was indifferent to the antiquated system.

[But allowing Freya to take up some training in the capital is a good idea. What should I do in the meantime?]





Brendel pondered on the future. In front of him was the beginning of a chaotic era. He had limited strength on his own and he needed a land of his own. He had to gather people to support his ideals, and by using his own knowledge in the world’s future events and his own familiarity with it, he could definitely make his territory grow quickly.

[So where should I start? Walk down the path of Aouine’s internal affairs? … No, never mind about the fact that I won’t realize my plans in time, I don’t want to be involved in the upcoming wars too early. I have to restrain my actions so that I don’t stand out and get discovered by powerful factions.]

[Becoming the lord of some existing region is also a no, with the same reason as above. Another road I can take is to become a pioneer. Both the players and NPCs in the game had pioneers. In this dark world, not all lands are controlled by the nobles. The borders of the kingdom, the areas in between the civilized and savaged areas, and there were many other lands that had not been tilled, were ready to be taken]

[There’s a certain government decree, once a pioneer found a new land of their own, they could receive a position of nobility based on their size of the lands.]

These titles, however, were not to be used as hereditary titles, and most of the lands would ultimately be taken back by the kingdom and the holy cathedral after three generations. But there were still many people who were taken in by this route, and they gambled everything to find a land. Adventurers, mercenaries, illegal merchants, and even paladins from a legitimate background, as well as clergies, there were no differences here.

When he thought about the available lands, he became excited. He knew of many such lands near Aouine’s borders, and even though there were differences between them, all of them were valid choices. But when it came to the time to choose, he hesitated.

[I don’t really require a good location with a strong advantage in development, the key thing is to have a clandestine area, so it is best to choose those lands with ‘relics’ in them. Since I’m lacking in manpower and resources, I could also save a lot of effort by taking these areas over.]

He continued to go through his memories and finally decided on a place. It was a land that was remarkably famous in the game, but the players who owned the land committed a fatal error and allowed his enemies to burn it all down. It was a famous topic in the forums that did not die down and continuously brought up all the time.

He could envision countless people saying: “If ‘Valhalla’ was still around, it would surely be another different landscape right?”

He felt thrilled at this idea. He had also thought of this moment himself. If that legendary land was not destroyed, then the final development phase would have gone beyond anyone’s expectations.

[To think that I have a chance of realizing this fantasy with my own hands!]

He continued to fantasize wildly by himself, before realizing the person in front of him moved a little. Freya then opened her eyes and saw Brendel putting his finger on her forehead. She was puzzled for a moment before it disappeared quickly. She quickly woke up from her stupor and retreated backwards, blushing and looking at him.

Even if she did not say anything, Brendel was able to read the words on her face:

“S-shameless lout, what are you doing!”

He shook his head and wanted to explain, but Freya abruptly reacted like she had recalled something. Her blush deepened another shade: “Sorry, I……”





“It’s fine, alright, quickly give Romaine an alarm clock, and tell her to wake up.” He pretended to ease things over.

“Alarm clock?”

He coughed as he realized he had forgotten to explain. He explained the origin of ‘Faith’ and its uses in a hurry. Freya’s expressions became tense when she finished listening to the explanation that he thought was simple.

“W-why didn’t you let Romaine use it first?” She asked and stood up anxiously.

He was momentarily stunned.

[Hm? No matter how I slice it, you have a weaker mind, Miss Goddess of War–]

But before he finished his thoughts, Freya had already rushed over to Romaine’s side and picked her up.

She still had a peaceful expression, but Brendel discovered two streams of tears from Romaine’s face when Freya picked her up. His mouth went wide with shock.

“What’s going on!” He could not imagine that Romaine actually cried.

“I’ll tell you later.” Freya took a deep breath and put her hand on her forehead, but there was no reaction. She was taken aback for a moment and immediately said: “Turn your head away!”

“What for?”

“Turn away, hurry up, and no peeking!”

Brendel’s left eyebrow went up but he immediately nodded. Unfortunately, his curiosity was actually no less than Romaine, and after a while, he spied behind his back. He saw Freya hugging Romaine with their foreheads touching each other, and Freya muttered fretfully: “Little Romaine, hurry up and wake up. Have you forgotten our promise?”

He froze for just a little while. He did not expect the merchant girl who spoke whatever was on her mind to have her own secret, even though he knew they had a very good relationship. But he found Freya’s eyes glaring furiously at him before his surprise was over.

“Apologies, someone else inside me insisted on looking.” Brendel tried to blame someone else.

“Y-you devious, outrageous scumbag!” Freya lambasted him with crimson cheeks.

“Sorry, sorry.”



* * *





Vol.1 Chapter 38




TL: Unedited.



Chapter 38 – The battle for time

Romaine’s conditions were not as optimistic as Brendel had imagined. With each passing second the atmosphere became more intense, and he realized that there must be a secret that she kept in a heart— and a secret that was so deeply hidden away in her heart would ultimately present itself as fatal in this dream world.

There were only the sounds of Freya and his anxious breaths while the merchant girl slept quietly in her arms, and Brendel found himself completely afraid— that Romaine would never wake up from her slumber.

He looked at the Golden Demonic Tree, the connection between the dream world and reality was becoming weaker, and it was going to wake up anytime.

“Brendel?”

Freya’s fists were clenched into a tight ball, and she had trouble finding words to rouse Romaine from her anxiety. He said they had only five minutes, but Romaine still looked like she was deeply immersed in her dream. Yet Freya knew she could not blame the youth, because she was the only one who knew Romaine’s secret in Bucce.

She was starting to regret that she did not tell Brendel, but how could she know that this dream world was so complicated?

However, Brendel did not fall into a spiral of confusion and thought quickly. He suddenly threw the ‘Thorn of Light’ over to them.

“Let her hold this.”

“What?”

“The sword has the ability to purify darkness, let her hold it.” Even though his lips uttered these words, he knew in his heart that the Elven Sword only added 1 OZ of ‘Will’. He could only hope that it was enough to bring her out of danger.

[Mother Marsha!]

He prayed to the highest holy figure in his heart, begging her to be more merciful to Romaine. Perhaps it was the sword, or perhaps it was his prayers to Marsha, not long after, she actually woke with a moan.

She blinked and rubbed her eyes to look at the two of them, looking blankly for a while, before speaking happily: “Freya, you’re already up. You know, I had a nightmare earlier!”

“Ah!”

Freya was still in a daze, then she yelled from the bottom of her heart. She did not hear what the merchant girl said at all, but simply hugged her and cried. She had believed that there was no hope left but Brendel’s solution really worked.

“Romaine, you idiot!”

“W-what did you say?! I’m not an idiot!” Romaine seemed to have received a fatal blow, and she flailed her limbs in indignation.

Brendel was much calmer than Freya. The aid from the Thorn of Light and another person’s ‘Faith’ should be able to wake her up from the dream world no matter how deep she was in, but he was more worried about the aftermath of this situation.

But he knew that she was fine from her silly reaction.

“Alright, it’s fine to stop your tears now.” He continued: “The Golden Demonic Tree is going to wake up any time, and if there is anything to else to say, we should save it until the battle is over.”

Freya wiped away her tears and nodded.

“What should we do, Brendel?” She asked.

“We’re not the main protagonists in this battle, but a Rock Wurm in this valley–”

“What’s that?”

“Let me finish, Romaine! The Rock Wurm is something from that is born (Earth Element Type) as a Element Creature. It’s a natural enemy of the Golden Demonic Tree, but before the Rock Wurm becomes a mature adult, the Golden Demonic Tree is able to force it outside the valley by controlling the roots in the ground. It takes about 80 to 120 years for a Rock Wurm to become mature but we can’t wait this long, so we need to help it.”

“Help it?” Freya asked.

Brendel received the Elven Sword from Romaine, and he replied: “The Golden Demonic Tree’s body is very frail. The only attack it has is the roots extending from the ground and impaling its enemies. We need to to force it to attack us and the more roots it takes out from the ground, the less it has to fend off the Rock Wurm. Once that happens, the Rock Wurm is able to enter the center of this valley.”

“But we only have ten minutes. The first batch of Rotten Beast will arrive in ten minutes, and if we still have not killed it in that time frame, you must run towards the west side without hesitation. There’s a passageway there that’s quite visible.”

“What about you?” Romaine looked up at him.

“Protecting the rear should be left to a gentleman. This is the ladies’ prerogative.” He softly poked her bright forehead with his finger. He looked back at Freya who was tying up her ponytail in preparation for battle. She noticed his gaze and nodded.

He paused momentarily as he expected her to demand staying behind. There was no reluctance on her expression but a steady gaze.

[It looks like she matured from the dream world.]

He smiled happily as he saw a scintilla of the future Goddess of War’s presence on her. Then he turned back: “Romaine, wear the ring I gave you.”

The merchant girl immediately raised her hand smugly, waving the black and white ring clearly.

“Your task is to listen to the tremors from the ground, if you discover anything you must tell us straight away.”

“Understood, Brendel.”

“Then let’s move out. Once we cross the array of rocks below us, we will approach the Golden Demonic Tree. Pay attention to the formation below, as there’s a broken layer that will delay the Golden Demonic Tree from discovering us.” Brendel started moving as he spoke, and ran up to the protruding boulder, then signaled to Romaine and Freya to come over to him.

Freya grabbed Romaine’s hand and went over. She did so to prevent her from running around the place and to protect her at the same time. Also, she wanted him to concentrate on his task, and once the opportunity presented itself, they could attack the Golden Demonic Tree.

The three of them quickly rushed towards the indicated spot. He did not remember wrongly as they did not receive any attacks. But once they crossed the zone, Romaine immediately heard something from the ground.

“Brendel, there are noises in the ground.”

His heart thumped loudly, and he immediately yelled: “Scatter, scatter now!”

Freya instantly pushed Romaine to the sides, and the three of them separated from each other. Two thick vines sprang from the ground. The Golden Demonic Tree did not expect the insects here to foresee its attack, and the roots received Brendel’s attack without being prepared for it.

The youth cleaved into the center of the vines that were as thick as a bucket. It bit deeply into them, and silver flames immediately burst forth, burning them with a crackling sound. The Golden Demonic Tree trembled in pain from the attack, and the entire valley reverberated with a buzz.

[It’s calling for reinforcement again.]

Brendel’s heart sank. Time was running out. He looked back and saw Freya dodging the vines gracefully, and countered by slashing onto them. Even she only managed to cut through a third of the vine’s body, the clean attack impressed him.

[A great improvement in her swordsmanship. She benefited a lot from the dream.]

“Brendel, there’s another sound!” Romaine had moved towards the edge of the battlefield before turning around and yelling.

“How far?” Brendel yelled subconsciously, but immediately noticed his mistake. He had treated Romaine as a ‘Nightingale’ in the party, but she was only more sensitive in her perception and not a professional scout in the game.

“70 to 100 meters, probably.” Romaine thought for a moment.

“That far?” Brendel was taken aback slightly, before chopping off the vine that was attacking him. The remaining stump lost its vitality and sank down lifelessly; the place where it was cut off was burned black.

“60 meters.”

Brendel hesitated for a while, even though he found it a little incredulous, he decided to trust her: “Freya, enough! Do you see that small path over there, prepare to go over there.”

Freya’s actions only stopped for a split second before she raised the sword over her chest, and defended against the vine who whipped her over to one side. The ‘Feathers of Wind’ lit up and became a web of light, negating most of the impact and she rolled on the ground several times before climbing up. She was already at Romaine’s side.

“Romaine, let’s go!” She grabbed the merchant girl’s hand and ran to the indicated location.

“Ehhh! What about Brendel?”

“He will definitely catch up.”

[Oh? That lass has finally learned to trust me and not overextend herself.]

Brendel was relieved. He was afraid that Freya would make things complicated by staying behind. The vine that attacked Freya went after her again, but Brendel severed it into two from the earlier opening she made.

He did not dare to stay behind any longer with the enemies cleared. The movement below the ground was loud enough that he even could hear them, proving that Romaine’s judgment was accurate. But he was still surprised, how could that ditsy girl hear something at least 70 meters away?

[If I calculate it…. that’s at least 5 OZ worth of perception.]

That thought only appeared for just a split second and he immediately ran away. It was not hard for him to catch up to Freya and Romaine, but the three of them were constantly interrupted by the roots appearing.

Then suddenly, they heard a huge boom at the southern valley, and all the vines that were attacking them pulled back.

Brendel did not need to say anything, but the girls knew that the Rock Wurm had joined the fray.

“Did we win?” Romaine asked in delight.

He shook his head. They still had to enter the heart of the valley. In the remaining time, the Golden Demonic Tree would constantly measure which side was more threatening and move its numerous roots to stop them. This defense would not last very long and ultimately end in their victory.

As long as they managed to do it within the time frame.

There was less than five minutes.



* * *





Vol.1 Chapter 39




TL: Unedited.





Chapter 39 – Redacted

There was a blast at the southern side of the valley, and another blast half a minute later.

Brendel strained his ears and he confirmed that the Rock Wurm had passed through the valley which was heading inside to the Forbidden Garden. This creature that was clad in a rock armor had uncountable needle-like teeth shaped like a whirlpool for its mouth, easily passing through the earth and tearing up the hardest rocks.

He had seen a mature Rock Wurm in the game before. It was thirty meters long and there had to be at least three people to surround and fight it. The defense of the creature was astonishingly high, even a 40 OZ Vran Sword was not be able to pierce through the rock armor and do damage.

[Damn it. Two sounds. If the BOSS causes the Rock Wurm to take a long detour, its attention would be on us again.]





The roots of the Golden Demonic Tree in the forbidden valley extended nearly a kilometer, and factoring in the Rock Wurm’s fastest speed, Brendel estimated that it would at least require two minutes and thirty seconds to burst out of the ground.

[We’re nearly at the center of the Forbidden Garden. Once we finish bypassing this uneven ground, we would be able to reach the main body of the Golden Demonic Tree. If this BOSS does not interfere with us, that is.]

There was two minutes left.

But he knew that the Golden Demonic Tree would definitely try and stop them. Before he finished his thoughts, there were crackling noises coming from the solid ground. They were in such close vicinity of the Golden Demonic Tree that its actions came without warning, and Romaine was unable to warn him in time.

The three of them felt the ground sink before them, and the prepared Brendel stabbed the ground with the Elven sword to support himself, while his other hand prevented the merchant girl from falling down. When he looked to the sides, Freya was half kneeling on the ground as she tried to steady herself.

Before the three of them had the chance to relax, the ground sank once again with a crack visibly forming before them.

“What is it trying to do?” Freya nearly fell backwards and asked uneasily.

“It’s trying to kill us, concentrate and follow me.” He pulled Romaine up from the ground, tore out the sword and sheathed it, then lifted the merchant girl with his arm and jumped over the crack caused by the roots.

Romaine’s face was like a red apple when she found herself hoisted by his arm, and her eyes were opened comically and she did not dare to let her breath out.

Freya also wanted to jump up, but the Golden Demonic Tree was ready with an attack. The roots emerged from the ground and struck her across the chest. If it was not for Brendel’s swift reactions to pull her back, she would have fallen into the crevice along with the rocks and mud.

“Thanks.” Freya shrugged his hand off and thanked him.

“Now is not the time for words.” Brendel pulled his sword out and cut an incoming vine whip into two. “Move ahead. We’re nearly at the tree.”

There were snake-like tree vines appearing in front of them when they finally reached in front of the BOSS. The crevice behind them was gradually becoming bigger, but Brendel was used to this scene.

[You might have given me a surprise during the first stage but it looks like you have ran out of tricks.]

The ability in the game was an extensive AOE attack to rip open the ground, but that did not mean it could not be countered.

“Look carefully!”

He shouted to Freya while holding on tightly to Romaine. He watched the vines carefully, letting the ‘whip’ pass by, then grabbed tightly onto it—

The Golden Demonic Tree apparently did not expect that. It tried to curl up the vine and shook it back and forth, trying to throw Brendel away.

But the youth held tightly onto it with one arm. Both Romaine and him bobbed up and down as the vine tried to shake him off, but it was a futile attempt. The BOSS finally got impatient and raised the vine up high, gathering momentum, managing to throw him backwards. Yet he utilized the momentum from the swing and landed thirty meters away from the crevice safely.

His high stats in strength allowed him to possess four times the strength of a normal human, while his nimble agility allowed him to handle the tree’s sudden movements, and his robust physique allowed him to absorb the impact. If it was a normal person, their internal organs would have ruptured from the landing, but Brendel only felt slightly unused to the feeling when he landed.

This was the advantages of having high stats, and he knew that everything he did had meaning to it when he landed safely.

He immediately shouted to Freya: “Follow me!”

He pulled the merchant girl along without stopping, heading towards the Golden Demonic Tree.

“Brendel, wait— I can’t catch up.”

But he could not afford to listen to what the merchant girl said, as the ground suddenly erupted in front of him with a crashing sound when he turned at a corner. Numerous vines sprang forth to form a web, covering the Golden Demonic Tree.

[Shit! There’s less than one minute left.]

Brendel paused for a moment, while Romaine gasped for breath behind him. She looked up at the tree in front of her; no matter how she looked at it, its appearance looked like a Golden Apple Tree made by the gods.

He studied the web carefully. It appeared to be identical to the game. The countless vines wiggled for a moment before they attacked him at the same time.





With a roar, Brendel unleashed his attacks without reservations, the Elven sword flashing with a phantasmal silver fire in a blinding speed. Each of his slashes accurately severed the numerous vines that assaulted him in succession into halves, which in turn burst up into flames and turned to ashes. Then he released Romaine and took a step backwards, raising his sword with both of his hands:

“Power Break!”

One step forward.

Brendel felt an overwhelming strength spreading from his shoulders to his arms and hands, and he sundered the web in front of him in a beautiful silver arc. The blade seemed to compress the air from two sides, forcing a screaming explosion of wind to sing from the sword. The web of overflowing vines broke apart like a sea of rotten firewood, and there was a large depression from the center of the web.

Freya staggered across the uneven ground and rushed towards the tree from behind, where she managed to see this scene in front of her. She always thought she had seen his limits every single time when he was in action, but this was the first time she saw him using this explosive power.

The Golden Demonic Tree was unable to block them any longer, and could only watch them break into the heart of the garden.

“The two of you attack the trunk and roots and I’ll attack the main body—”

He took out the Card of Fate, and spoke in his heart: “Activate the Holy Sword!”

……………………………………………………………………….

Even in the summer time, the Silver Claw Fortress was still covered by a layer of frost. It was built on the Corcov mountains in order to oversee the savages in the forest. But after the Balta province was built, it was used as one of the royal family’s villa.

There was an ancient pine tree in the fortress’s diamond shaped garden. It had miraculously survived from a fire within the Silver Claw Fortress, and the owner thought it was a good omen. Thus the tree was kept after the fortress was rebuilt.

And under this pine tree, a solemn atmosphere extended from it.

A adolescent girl was standing there in a thick uniform of the knights. She had beautiful silver hair, and her half pointed ears proved that she had another bloodline beyond a human, but she did not have the elegance and aloof beauty of an elf.

The fifteen-year-old girl wore a somber face, holding on tightly to a black and heavy longsword with both her hands. Her stance took on the form of an Aouine’s knight’s defensive posture.

She pursed her lips tightly, ordering the younger boy in front of him: “Haruze, attack me!”

A tone that denied any refusals.

“Older sis…….”

“Attack!”

The young boy could only force himself to strike with the sword. But the girl cleanly parried his blade and pushed his chest with one hand, making him fall straight onto the ground.

The surrounding servants audibly breathed inwardly.

“Again!” The girl’s expression did not change as she spoke.

“Sister, I…..”

“Stand up, again.”

The boy could only stand up. He took one step backwards, before gritting his teeth and charging over again. But the girl with the knight’s uniform passed the sword from her right hand to her left and simply swung upwards, easily knocking her opponent’s sword away.

“Why did you get distracted?”

“Sorry.”





“Again.”

……………………………………………………

Ten minutes later.

The young girl went to the dressing room. She allowed two maidservants to remove her heavy uniform. Her perspiration and hot air were visibly seen in the cold air. She did not turn her head and simply asked: “Where is my father?”

“The Madara’s envoy has arrived, your royal highness.”

“His majesty is meeting Marquis Kluge in the secret meeting room.” Another maidservant replied with her head lowered.

The girl looked at herself in the mirror. Her face was cold and void of expression. She changed into a dress, inserted her hand into her long silver hair and sent it backwards. She raised her head and said:

“Bring me to Gammel.” She had thought there would be a chance to turn the battle around, but the wily Marquis Kluge was someone who could not be trusted. She had to find a trustworthy confidant to speak about this, and not in front of these servants.

“Yes, your royal highness.”

This was the beginning of June in the ‘year of bustling summer leaves and flowers’.

………………………………………………………………….

Brendel looked at the Golden Demonic Tree’s branches which were gradually losing its color. They weakly drooped down and he knew this terrifying monster had reached the end of its life. He felt mentally tired. He had paid two EP to maintain the holysword, and that effect seemed to have affected his mind as well.

He was a warrior and not a wizard. Even then, a specialized wizard at his level would only have ten plus EP.

Freya and Romaine sat down at one side with their stamina completely drained. Freya had injured her arm a little but she was otherwise fine. In comparison, they were delighted to have defeated an impossible foe.

Both of them looked curiously as they saw Brendel walking forward to the Golden Demonic Tree.

[Power Break!]





He swung the Elven Sword across the trunk of the tree. The dying Golden Demonic Tree was nothing more than an oak tree now, and it was unable to resist Brendel’s 7.7 OZ worth of strength. The meteoric strike tore the upper body of the tree away and it splintered everywhere as it crashed onto the ground.

The girls called out in surprise, not understanding what he was doing.

Brendel knew that the Golden Demonic Tree hung its dead preys on the tree’s crown and slowly absorbed the mana from them. Despite the passing years, there might be some loot on it.

Brendel walked over and he saw a card on the floor with his first glance.

Chapter 39 – The death of the Golden Tree

TL: You read that right. Not Golden Demonic Tree, but Golden Tree. Since the title for this chapter has spoilers, I have shifted it =X



* * *





Vol.1 Chapter 40




TL: Unedited.



Ch 40 – The war in summer

After the dust settled, Brendel immediately saw the palm-sized card on the ground. He picked it up; there was a tree painted on the face of the card. It was depicted as a majestic tree where a mysterious sheen extending from the body of the tree towards the crown. On the upper left of the card there was a VII written on it, but there was no crystal representing any of the elements.

Brendel looked puzzledly at it, but he immediately called up the character window and scanned it.

The depiction on the cards changed an overlay:

The secret grounds of the Holy Tree

(The Forbidden Sanctuary of the Elves VII)

[Basic Forest]

Adds 1 Water EP every week into the Elemental Pool.

Tapping: Creates the landscape of a forest.





‘My soul returnth upon to my homeland’

“This card is called ‘The Forbidden Sanctuary of the Elves’?” Brendel looked pensively at the card. There was no description to activate the card.

[Does it mean that keeping this card in the deck will automatically generate 1 point of water EP? But what if I don’t have an Elemental Pool? Even ‘tapping the card to create a forest’ needs some analyzing. But now is not the time to try experiments here. Although the servants of the Golden Demonic Tree are going to scatter and wither, the Rock Wurm will absorb the remnants of the Earth Element and mana. After which, it might pick a fight with us.]

He kept the card away and thought about the Mana Resonation earlier.

[There should be another card from the Knight Deck nearby. Unfortunately that resonation is caused naturally and cannot be repeated manually, otherwise I might be able to search the area using this method.]

He called out to Freya and Romaine to gather some of the tree’s acorns. Mature acorns could be used to make high grade Mana potions which were highly prized in the game. Unfortunately there were only a few of them there were mature, and there was no chance of getting an endless supply of the mana potions.

He walked over to another location and pulled apart the leaves, discovering a pair of defensive gauntlets. They added 2 bonus defense points but there was a requirement of 2.5 OZ strength. They felt weighty in his hands, and he let Freya test it out as he hoped that she would be able to withstand more attacks. However, once she received the gloves, both her arms were pulled down by the weight. She returned the gauntlets with regret.

“That’s a shame,” Brendel shook his head: “If you’re able to wear this along with the Half Plate of the Wind Empress, any swordsman below the Iron Grade will not be able to harm you.”

“Sorry.”

“What’s there to be sorry about, even the majority of the people in the guards are not capable of wearing them.” Brendel said as he wore them himself. Freya noted the details in his words, and was slightly taken aback. Did it not mean that he was amongst the top fighters in the guards?

In truth, Brendel completely surpassed Bretton or any of his subordinates.

The three of them continued to search the tree’s crown. Romaine found a short sword that added 0.1 OZ to agility, Freya found an expensive 22 OZ magic ring that required 1 MP to cast a layer of flames on an equipped sword.

The rest of the items were mostly junk that lost its mana long ago. Brendel cut away the bark to find the Heart of the Golden Tree. He was disappointed to find that it was still in a crystal form, compared to what he had received in the game as there was a difference of three years. He became alert when he discovered this factor and he could not use the knowledge from the future to look at the things that were in the present.

[This world is the real deal. History is going to progress slowly here.]

When he took out the ‘Heart of the Golden Tree’, he felt a slight breeze coming from the Golden Demonic Tree. He raised his head and saw eight golden colored lights flying from the tree to his chest.

[800 XP.]

Brendel was momentarily stunned. Even though the XP gain was not a lot, he still felt a grave impact every time he received the experience points. There was a system that existed in this world which made him grow stronger every single time, and he clearly felt the difference when he leveled up.

He was still reveling in his monologues when he saw Romaine running over, carefully holding something in both her hands like she was going to present a gift. All the equipment they found were identified by Brendel, who quickly discerned the history and identity of the item with just a single glance. It was also why Brendel became a walking encyclopedia in Romaine’s heart.





“Brendel, you’re looking for this right?” She held up the card with both her hands and asked carefully.

He looked at the card in her hand. The patterns on the card were gray in color, and the painting on it depicted a tall knight with a squire by his side wearing a long robe. The color of the card was the same as his ‘Holy Sword’ card. He immediately recognized it as the card that resonated, and when he received it —

Highland Squire

(Knight IX)

Water EP 1

[Human/Scholar, Grade 8 Living creature]

When Highland Squire comes into play, add 1 point of prestige every week.

Maintenance: When this card comes into play, pay 1 Water EP/day.

‘The bravery of the Highlands’

[This is a summoning card. This Highland squire is a scholar, and the description probably means that it was an apprentice squire from the Karsuk’s Highlands. The alliance between the Karsuk’s wizards and knights had existed for more than two centuries. Grade 8 scholar… It’s not amazing, but using it at the right timing would be a great help.]

He looked at Romaine who was looking at him with great expectations, and smiled: “Thank you, this is really useful to me.”

“No problem.” She said happily.

At this time Freya came running from the north and worriedly said: “Brendel, Romaine, I think the Rock Wurm is coming from the north, should we avoid it?”

“The Rock Wurm?” Brendel considered for a moment. He had originally planned for them to take a rest for a while, but he did not expect it to move so quickly. Even though it might not attack them, it was better to choose a safe approach.

He nodded: “The two of you should leave first. I’ll arrange something to prevent that thing from chasing us.”

The Rock Wurm relied on its ability to smell mana and vibration to determine the location of its pray, therefore scattering mana objects would be able to draw its attention away. Brendel waited for the girls to leave before taking out a Holy Potion and piercing a small through it with his sword. He placed the potion at one of the crevice in a boulder, then checked his surroundings. He confirmed that he did not miss anything and retreated alone to the west.

He considered the possibility of Madara sending a small squadron to investigate the Mana Resonance. By that point of time, the Rock Wurm which would stay here will teach a lesson to these skeletons and avenge Bretton and the other guards.

……………………………………………………………………….

The sixth month of the Year of bustling summer leaves and flowers. Events progressed without diverting from its course as according to Brendel’s knowledge.

The secret emissary reached the Winter Claw Fortress. The Sixth King of Aouine accepted Marquis Kluge’s suggestion not to receive the emissary, and thus the War of the Black Rose quickly went into its second phase.

On the battlefield, the Karsuk province formally faced Madara’s twin armies, ‘Winter Solstice’, ‘Black Crow’. They gravely threatened the province, and Duke Orkin and the messenger who sent out his letter, wept and stated the morale of the soldiers were going to collapse if they don’t receive any aid soon.





At the same time, at Karlman’s mountain regions further to the north which was close to the sea channels, a group of undead army advanced secretly in light armor.

And the province in southern Grinoires, Fortress Vermiere was facing repeated attacks from Incirsta’s grand army. The region in Bucce was in a bizarre silence. A commanding officer, Earl Pola, once sent a letter of inquiry to the 104th swordsman platoon in Fortress Riedon, but the final reply was:

“Everything is fine.”

……………………………………………………………………………….

It was the first day of the sixth month. Brendel and the girls proceeded through the secret passageway in the Forbidden Garden. They rushed towards Fortress Riedon, racing against time. They already discovered signs of undead activity, but the scale was small, and it appeared that undead scouts were nearby Fortress Riedon.

This made the small party tense. They were ahead of Madara’s forces by a step, but they did not know how far ahead they were.

And on the midnight of this day, Brendel led them out of the final section of Mountain Zevail’s pathway. They found themselves out of the forest, southern of Fortress Riedon in a place called Vendeck. It was a small mountain that oversaw the Pine River and Webster River. The lights from Fortress Riedon made it appear like it was a dazzling jewel, quietly lying on several miles of the mountain valleys, illuminating the stretch of rivers.

The girls lost their breaths when they saw this scenery. They had constantly imagined how Fortress Riedon looked like, but they did not expect the place to look like the night sky in the darkness.

But Romaine suddenly poked Brendel’s back and whispered:

“Brendel, there’s an army behind us.”

“Army?”





“Yes, look to the north. We just passed the valley this afternoon, can you see it?”

“That’s ten kilometers away, and it’s so dark, how can you see that place clearly? My noble lady, please don’t joke at this time!” He sighed in a exaggerated manner.

“But I can see it.”

“Brendel, Romaine might be telling the truth.” Freya interjected.

[…… Of course I know she’s probably right, I already seen her perception first-hand. I’m just joking to ease the tension. You’re going to become old quickly if you’re always so serious, Miss Future Goddess of War…..]



* * *





Vol.1 Chapter 41




TL: Unedited.

CH 41 – Spy

He looked back at Romaine, and found that she was looking back at him. Her eyes which were full of curiosity made people feel uncomfortable at times, but Brendel was truly fond of her and found her mannerisms to be cute.

He contemplated for a while before replying: “Let’s stop here for a while.”

“Stop for a while?” Freya asked: “But the Madara’s forces are right behind us, and they would arrive about two or three hours later. We don’t have much time, Brendel.”

But he shook the Seal Ring in front of the girls and answered: “It is now midnight. The city will be on full alert, and just having this alone does not really say anything. If we are treated as the Madara’s scouts, everything would go wrong, understand?”

“T-then, what should we do?” Freya thought that all her efforts that she put in should have a little use.

He glanced at her. In his mind, he knew clearly he was full of crap. Fortress Riedon did not notice Madara’s invasion? That might not be true! The nobles would not neglect their own safety, what they wanted was to hide inside the fortress and stubbornly defend until reinforcements arrived.





He remembered in the Year of the Hidden Beasts (Year 342), the undead army swept across the east of Karsuk, leaving the entire region void of life. The governor of City of Silver Horses ordered the gates to be shut, ignoring the pleas of the eastern region, causing the refugees to flee to the west. In the end, that stretch of land was still empty even until now.

Even so, these city lords did not receive any censure or blame, or perhaps the royal family had no power left to rebuke the lords since the ascension of Aouine’s previous king. The girls did not understand what happened to the Karsuk region, but he knew what happened.

His true intention was to rescue Romaine’s aunt, and possibly a few others if he could, but reporting to the army of Fortress Riedon? He had never placed hope in this aspect, and he certainly did not think himself as a messiah.

Rather than hoping the nobles would listen to reason, he would rather bet on pigs flying in the air as a better possibility. There were many clashes amongst the players and the arrogant nobles in the game, and even until the political changes in the twelve month, they were still fighting it out.

He did not even have one good impression of the bastards at all.

When he considered the pieces in his mind, he realized that Freya might see things differently. He spied on her with the corners of his eyes. She was staring vacantly at the campfire — The countryside girl still believed in this country. It was not a bad thing, but he was worried that she would be impulsive when it came to the critical juncture.

And even if displayed the facts before her, she might not believe him. This would only lead to a rift between them and he did not wish to argue with her. He continued to mull things over, then a sudden idea hit him.

[There are some moves I need to consider in advance for this plan.]

He pretended to think a while longer, then answered: “I have thought things through. It seems like we don’t have much of a choice. We are still Aouine’s citizens and we cannot avoid the dangers here.”





“But,” He paused: “We need to prepare for every situation.”

His logical and grand speech made the girls nod in agreement. Even Freya’s attitude softened. She looked at him with appreciative eyes, suddenly finding that he was not such a shameless lout.

Only the Gods knew that Brendel felt relieved after his speech. He realized that he finally found a way to bridge himself to his past and the current Brendel. He was never a person to be mired in rules, but the recent days made him feel that there was a huge hand continuously pushing him from behind, and that made him feel breathless at every turn.

But with his growing strength and the baptism from the Golden Demonic Tree’s dream, he finally felt the carefree feeling from the past returning to him. This made him feel like things could be solved easily. His thoughts also had the addition of the former Brendel’s flexibility.

He took out the black gargoyle statue which still had a small crack on it.

He said: “You need to be prepared as well. Turn your ring to face inwards, Freya. Your fire agate is too conspicuous. Little Romaine, you need to keep your dagger close to your body. The lazy guards won’t search too close for it.”

“Do I need to turn my ring too?”

“That’s not necessary, nobody will want your cheap ring.”

“Brendel, these people are the guards of the fortress! Why do you look like you don’t…… trust them too much?” She asked.

“… I had never trusted them in the first place. Once we reach there you will understand what I mean. In any case, just follow what I said for the time being.”





Freya had never entered the city and felt that he was overdoing things. But she could only choose to believe since he was the leader of such things now.

Brendel took out various trinklets while he explained. The only thing that he had not identified was the trinklets from the fallen noble. He found that the pipe was only a common item and he he threw it away. He did not know what the dark gray colored stones were, but there was bound to be something that he did not recognize since there were thousands of different materials.

But the crystal beads were interesting. He discovered they were the containers of a spent soul gem, or more accurately, a storage spell item. The spell inside them should be a silencing spell, an appropriate magic to use for going around the monster’s nest during adventuring.

But what made him feel awkward was the inability of activating the storage spell items since he was a warrior. He hesitated for a while before keeping the cards and the items away, so the greedy guards would not take them away later on.

He checked the night sky. It was still early.

They started to leave Vendeck from the east, and there were signs of bright stars illuminating the buildings in their path. They were mostly farms distributed on the two shores of the Pine Forest, one after another. There were also inns in the outskirts, which only adventurers and illegal merchants would patronize these buildings. Many NPCs treated the players like they were grave robbers, since it was true that the majority of them had done something similar.

They walked in the wild for approximately an hour, and suddenly Fortress Rideon appeared right in front of them. There were fire baskets at the towers, which lit the surroundings dozens of meters away. Brendel told the girls to slow down, and to gradually walk out of the darkness into the edge of the light.

The guards were chatting with each other, and there was even a faint snoring sound. He was particularly sensitive to the noises, and he furrowed his brows. There were approximately seven or eight of them in the tower.

Once the three of them appeared, the chatting ceased.

“Identify yourself!” The guards looked warily at them for a while, and one of them revealed himself with a helmet and demanded them to answer. Romaine squinted and looked up, finding a black pine symbol on the helmet’s top.

Brendel had once explained to her that the black pine symbol represented the local forces, while that white-mane something army was a symbol of a wolf. ‘Brendel really knows everything’, she thought.

“A men and two women. We came from the forest. Sir, we saw something strange there. Me and my wives are completely scared, and we want to seek refuge in the fortress!” Brendel raised his arm and shouted loudly.

Freya who was behind listened in fury and embarrassment, what was ‘a man and two woman’, the crudeness of it all! When she heard him saying they were his wives, she finally stabbed Brendel’s back with the sword’s hilt, this damned bastard must have done it on purpose!

Romaine looked like she was fine with it, perhaps even feeling that it was a good thing to be Brendel’s wife.

Brendel could only suffer in silence. This was the only way to make the guards lay down their vigilance. They did not look similar to each other in appearance, and he could not possibly say they were siblings.

“Are you carrying weapons?” The guard asked again.

Freya tensely held on to her sword when she heard that question, but Brendel calmly answered: “We dare not set foot in the forest without weapons, sir, and we also trained as militia in the past.”

The tower became silent, and there was a long pause.





After a while, a basket was let down from above, and the guard shouted: “Take off your weapons and place them in the basket. We will receive you one by one.”

Brendel nodded to Freya to let them do the same. Even though the ‘Thorn of Light’ was more elegant in appearance, without activating the sword it did not look like a Magic Sword. Once the weapons were handed over the basket lift was sent down. Brendel was the first to go up in case something happened to the girls up there. Freya allowed Romaine to go next, and finally she was the last one to be pulled up.

She sat down on the lift’s seat as she was pulled up, but when she reached the top of the tower, she saw that Brendel and Romaine were restrained with swords on their necks. Two of the guards pulled out their swords and walked over to her.

“What is this?” Freya asked in astonishment. She cast her gaze at Brendel, but he looked away and did not answer her query.

She panicked a little. Brendel was always the leader of the group, but now it was as if she became the decision maker. What should she do? Let the guards restrain her? Was this the way how they did things?

[Brendel, answer me, what the hell are you thinking, damn it!]

“Take them away, these people are Madara’s scouts!” At this moment, she suddenly heard someone barking orders from the corner. She was greatly taken aback, and spoke without thinking: “You knew that the Madara’s army was attacking?”

Brendel’s expression was one of tragedy. Even though she had grown, she was a still a naive lass who had not seen the various aspects of society. A few mere words was enough to make her lose her composure. She might feel there was nothing wrong in her question, but the guards in Fortress Riedon was afraid of people from Bucce reporting the situation.

They wanted to suppress this information in order to shirk the responsibility.

Brendel knew that all too well. These people thought they could rely on Fortress Riedon’s tall and sturdy walls, but none of them knew the war was going to advance in a direction beyond their wildest dreams.

“Wait, we’re not Madara’s scouts!” Freya argued: “We’re Bucce’s militia, we have the Seal Ring of the Bucce’s guard captain!”

But the voice completely ignored her and yelled: “Restrain her now, what are you waiting for?” The person walked out from the darkness, bearing a dark armor, with the feather on his helmet indicating that he was the leader of the guards.

The perverted middle-aged man stared lasciviously at Freya, his mind thinking that he had gotten something good. He believed that Freya was telling the truth as she was still wearing the militia’s armbands, but he had other plans in mind.

[How interesting. To think there’s such a fine woman in that poverty-stricken Bucce.]

He stroked his chin.



* * *





Vol.1 Chapter 42




TL: Unedited.



Chapter 42 – Middle-aged person



Brendel looked at the helpless Freya who did not know what to do, and he guessed that she should have a certain understanding of the guards’ true appearance by now. It was still not enough, so he continued to wait and let her see with her own eyes and understand what kind of plight they were currently in.

He did not wish to break her love for this kingdom, but there were times where such emotions were insufficient and would only lead to a disaster. He hoped that Freya would learn to be calm under desperate situations. If there was a need to protect the girls, he would do so should the guards intend to harm them.

He continued to wait for Freya’s actions, but suddenly realize her gaze was someplace faraway. He paused slightly before he followed her line of sight.

He then noted that the place she was looking at was the ‘Eastern Camp’ in Fortress Riedon, and saw a group of people varying in height tightly surrounding a tall man. Behind him was a group of the ‘White Mane’ light infantry.

Brendel suddenly felt things were turning interesting. He did not expect to have such good luck, and he felt like he found a pot of gold at the end of a rainbow. Freya was certainly quick to have noted these people with authority, and he nodded inwardly as he guessed what Freya was thinking about.

From a normal person’s point of view, Freya’s reactions were correct.

He turned back to Freya and saw the two guards were about to pull out their swords and close in on Freya. She jumped into the tower and rushed for the weapons.

The two guards were startled and hurriedly readied their swords to fight her, but Freya abruptly closed in on them and grabbed the first guard’s sword wrist with her right hand.





They had not expected her to resist when her companions had already been captured and was caught off-guard by the series of events.

She then swiveled her body to the side and struck with her left hand at the other guard’s armpit, then grabbed onto his sword and kicked him backwards as he cried out in pain. Her actions were done in a single stroke, almost as if it was done in the blink of an eye.

The first guard pulled away from her grasp, but she was ready with the stolen sword and thrust three times at him. With the growth she had gained from the earlier battles, she forced him back all the way to the wall, struck him on the head with the sword’s hilt and caused him to slump lifelessly onto the ground with a bleeding head.

She then turned around again, her intimidating air frightening the other four guards and their captain, and they stepped backwards at the same time.

Freya was displeased. She had always thought that the soldiers in Fortress Riedon were as amazing as Brendel, but their standards were actually this terrible! (TL: Kek. Anyone can probably see something is very wrong with Brendel.)

Brendel applauded her in his heart. The soldiers in this fortress were only at the standard of veteran militia, but her current prowess was enough to become one of the guards. Furthermore, she had the qualities of being calm and steady now.

He eyed the ‘White Mane’ light infantry.

[But if she underestimates the kingdom’s regular army, she is going to be in trouble. I’ll keep an eye out for her decisions. Right now —]

He suddenly grabbed the two guards next to him and threw them out before they could react. He took hold of the Elven sword next and knocked the longswords of the guards who were holding Romaine away.

“What do you intend to do?” He ignored the sobbing guards on the ground and the other stunned guards, then grabbed Romaine’s hand and went over to Freya.

Freya glared at him for a few seconds, then looked at the camp. Her intentions were clear enough.

“Over there? That’s fine, it’s good to go straight to the boss than to waste time with the summons.” He laughed.

“What does that mean?” Romaine asked curiously as she rubbed her wrists. The guards used a lot of force to restrain her and her wrists were numb.

“I mean, let’s hear out the lords.”

Freya felt that he was trying to hint at something but now was not a good time to refute his words. She looked at the frightened guard captain with disgust, then proceeded forward by jumping out of the tower.

“Brendel, Freya looks like she’s angry.”

“It’s fine, let’s just catch up to her.”

The Golden Apple Lord, Esebar, had a pleasant day until he saw the current events unfold before his eyes.

He watched the girl charge forward to him and was taken aback for a moment. The soldiers behind him rushed forward to surround her and the other two people behind her.

Esebar looked at their attire and found they were dressed like they were from the countryside. After a blank moment, he felt anger rising from his chest.

[What are these fuckers doing! How dare they let these filthy countryside swill intrude here, who’s the captain on the duty here, I’ll skin his hide!]





Esebar’s face went red with anger, ready to explode, but he felt someone poking him with a cane. He looked back and saw the revolting businessman, Sir Burnley. He had no wish to talk to this penny-pinching podgy bastard. Burnly was constantly filled with the stench of copper, and his face was hideously decorated with layers of fat, but Esebar at least understood they were on the same side.

Burnley pointed at Freya’s uniform, and Esebar received a jolt when he saw Freya’s emblem.

[Bucce’s militia, didn’t the report say that the Madara’s army had reached Beldor Forest? How did they come over here?]

He cast a glance behind him, hoping the person with high authority did not notice the commotion here. He grabbed his sword tightly and barked at the soldiers around him: “What are you waiting for, capture these assassins.”

[Assassins?]

Freya was dazed by his words. Her eyes were wide open with surprise and she wanted to argue back, but the clear rings of swords being pulled out by the guards pierced her heart painfully.

“What is happening here?”

At this moment, a low and solemn voice interrupted them. The soldiers parted sideways, and revealed a middle-aged man with sunken eyes and a tall nose; his face cold and dark. He held a golden cane in his hand and looked at everyone in the vicinity with a haughty gaze.

Esebar took a deep breath and cursed in his mind. His brain worked quickly and answered without changing his expression: “There are a few commoners who barged in, and they might be assassins.”

“Commoners?” The middle-aged man furrowed his brows.

“My lord, we are not assassins. We’re Bucce’s militia and we are here to report th–”

The middle-aged man showed signs of loathing, and he interrupted her: “What is your name.”

“F-Freya.” She lowered her head when she saw his cold gaze.

“How about you?” He asked Romaine who was beside Freya.

“I’m Romaine, Mister.” The merchant girl blinked and replied.

A few people giggled in the crowd but they quickly stopped themselves. The middle-aged man did not change his expression, but merely waved his hand and said: “Take them away, I’ll decide everything once you are done with the questioning.”

“My lord, we…….” Freya raised her head in a panic to try and explain.

But he did not bother to listen to her and let the guards surround them. But a few moments later, he spoke again.

“Hold on.”

As if there was a hidden power behind his words, everyone stopped what they were doing and looked at him.

“Bring that man’s sword to me and let me take a look.” He pointed at Brendel with his cane.

‘Sword?’

The soldiers were momentarily confused, then looked at Brendel’s sword and noticed its design.

[Fuck, that’s an Elven sword which is reputed by its beauty. This is commonly traded amongst the nobles, damn this greedy bastard. He wants both the women and the sword!] Esebar cursed in his mind once again.

What made him angry was the status that he had. His rank was much higher than Esebar, and he could only give up as he could not afford to offend the powers behind him.

Brendel looked at Freya and saw that she was lost and disoriented. He knew it was about time to end the farce, but he still maintained a poker face and shrugged.

He handed the sword over obediently.





[This man is at least sensible.] Esebar approved this action.

A soldier carried the sword over with care, and presented it with both his hands to the middle-aged man, who read out the Elven words on the sword:

“(Thy sword shall burst forth from light, and strike thy enemies with terror)”

He raised the sword up and the Elven sword shone in his hand. The people surrounding him took a deep breath. It was a magic sword, and the nobles cast their gaze on Brendel and the others. They felt they were assassins as no militia would have a magic weapon.

The middle-aged man looked at the glowing longsword and smiled for the first time. He looked at the merchant Burnley and said: “Sir Burnley, you have a discerning eye for these sort of things, can you tell me this sword’s history?”

The fat noble quickly moved over to him with his wobbling body to ingratiate himself in front of him: “It is true that I have seen a few Elven weapons, but it is you, my lord, who has a discerning eye in your circle.”

The middle-aged man gave a cold laugh and said: “Then for the sake of this sword, treat them well tonight. I’ll interrogate these assassins myself. You would best take care of the ladies here, and tell your captain Granzon what I said here. Do not think that I am ignorant of the dirty things they do.”

His words became colder and colder, and actually caused the soldier in front of him to shudder. But the other people around him revealed a meaningful smile. The more evident the lord’s attitude was, the better it was for them.

It was merely a sword and two women after all, and they were more interested in waiting for other opportunities.

Freya raged with anger and it showed on her burning face. She took a deep breath, clenched her teeth and fists, and for a moment Brendel was worried she would do something rash.

Brendel looked up at the middle-aged man as he swung the glimmering sword about. He creased his brows as he tried to recall this person. It looked like he was a high ranking person but he could not remember his face.





[This person’s reaction is interesting. Well, the fun part is coming right up.]

When they were taken away by the guards, he clearly heard the middle-aged man ask:

“Alright, let us get down to business. Mister Esebar, when do you plan on letting me go out of this city?” His voice was cold with a tinge of sarcasm.

“My lord, this is a dangerous time right now, the Madara forces have already arrived at Stronghold Vermiere. The sidelines of Bucce might fall any moment and it is currently too dangerous. This is especially so when you are a chief councillor for the king, and we cannot let any danger to befall you.”

The middle-aged man smiled without saying anything else.



* * *





Vol.1 Chapter 43




TL: Unedited.





Chapter 43 – Not a highland knight?

The captain of the guards led them into the cells, then threatened Brendel’s group coldly with a few lines and left. Freya was fuming mad but Brendel sat leisurely in the darkness. He observed his surroundings with the torches’ ambient light.

[This is the second level of the prison’s location. 32 Rooms, with 4 wardens comprising of the 104th swordsman squadron’s light infantry. Hahaha, this reminds me of the PK that I did back then in the game. It’s not the first time I visited this place, and I was imprisoned in the third level. The players were terrible outlaws in the eyes of the NPCs.]

He took out the gargoyle idol from his pocket and felt all over the surface. The cracks were nearly gone. He finally turned back to the opposite cell and asked in the complete darkness: “Freya, Romaine, are you alright?”

“Brendel, how long will we be locked up?” The merchant girl’s voice came over with slight unease.

[Hmm? She sounds a little scared. These girls should be safe although it’s a little dark. How should I put her at ease-]

Suddenly a dull and loud thud echoed in the darkness.





“Damn it! These damned bastards, why did everyone in Bucce try so hard for these people!” Freya punched on the wooden bars in fury.

“The ones inside, stop that shit right now! Do you want to be whipped?” The warden immediately warned with a menacing voice.

Even though Freya wanted nothing more than to punch the bastards outside one by one, she recognized her situation she was in and took a deep breath to calm down.

“Brendel, what are we going to do now?” She asked softly.

Romaine immediately cut in and asked: “This is the Black Prison right? My aunt said there are some people who get locked here for their whole lives without seeing the day ever again. Brendel, are we going to have the same fate?”

“Romaine, just shut up!” Freya answer in the place of Brendel.

He smiled: “Do you still have any hope in them?”

“I hope that everyone of them dies!” She replied in a rage.

“But if we don’t get their help, Fortress Riedon will be in danger.” Brendel stood up and walked to the prison’s door and said quietly.

She was silent for a while.

“I have done my best,” She said: “I don’t have an infinite pool of stamina and I can only do much for Bucce.”

[Very good. Looks like the ‘Goddess raising’ plan is working well. I definitely need Freya to help me in the future. It’s good that the amount of trouble that I took was not a waste.]

“It’s good that you thought things through.”

“Do you have a plan?”

“Yes, the two of you back away a little.”

It was precisely because he had a way to escape that he dared to enter this place.

The next night was a true nightmare but the nobles in Fortress Riedon did not know that. Freya had brought the final chance right before them, but they locked the group up under a false reason.

[These nobles really are digging their own graves and jumping into them,]

“Wait, Brendel, w-what are you thinking of doing? Don’t do anything rash, this is the prison!” Even though Freya wanted the nobles to die, she was still a citizen and did not want to commit treason by escaping out so openly.

“I know what I’m doing.”

“What do you know! Ah, Romaine, persuade him!” She lowered her voice. She wanted someone, even the wardens, to stop Brendel’s crazy actions, yet somewhere in her mind, she did not want the guards to notice the commotion inside the room. She was deeply conflicted for a moment.

“Brendel, I also want to escape.” Romaine answered.

“Shut up!!! I did not want you to persuade him in this manner!” Freya was in tears as the two of them did not seem to understand what their actions were going to bring about. Escaping was punishable by death, and she did not know what to do when the two of her best companions were about to become wanted criminals.

Brendel took out the ‘Highland Squire’ card and threw it onto the ground. He paid it with 1 water EP (elemental point) provided by the ‘Garden of the Holy Tree’. A burst of smoke came and went, and a youth carrying a large number of scrolls with a long robe patted his sleeves, and walked out from the smoke.





[It’s impossible to store EP without an elemental pool. The EP generated from the Earth card will be lost but I can pay it directly within this week.]

“My name is Ciel, my lord, I am pleased to serve you.” The youth looked at him and bowed deeply.

“Are you a highland magician?” He asked.

“An apprenticed.” The youth corrected him earnestly.

Brendel discovered that he was able to perceive his stats, so he called up the window to take a look.

Name: Ciel

Class: Highland Magician Apprentice

HP: 16

Mana: 8

Magic spells:

Basic Creation (2 MP), Mana Arrow (1 MP)

Knowledge:

Basic Magic, Creation Magic, Basic knowledge in geography and locations, Sigil Magic 1 OZ.

“You learned Conjuration Magic?” (TL: It translates literally to Law Magic….)

“Yes.”

Conjuration wizards was a type of generalist wizard, and they focused on Conjuration principles. The magic manipulates the line between the material world and the world of laws, with gems as a medium of power to create a spell.

There were nine different types of wizards in The Amber Sword. Conjuration Magic, Elemental Magic, Chord Magic, Shaman Magic, Sigil Magic, Holy Magic, Astral Magic, Necromancy and Leyline Magic. Each type represented a different set of magic, but majority of the people were unable to differentiate between them and classified them as merely wizards.

“Brendel, is someone talking to you?” Freya suddenly stopped and asked.

“Yes, it’s my attendant.” Brendel replied.

“Attendant?” The girl was confused.

Brendel took out the soul crystal that stored a ‘Silence Sound’ spell which affected ten feet of its surroundings and threw it at the youth: “Activate it.”

A warrior could not use a magic item but a wizard apprentice obviously could. Ciel caught the crystal and supplied 1 MP into it and the surface of the crystal should a little. Freya suddenly realized she was unable to create any sound, and her heart beat furiously in the presence of the mysterious magic. She reacted the same way a normal person would, especially so when she did not know it was Brendel who did it.

Ciel nodded to his owner.

Brendel turned to the wooden bars that were thicker than his arms and punched it. He had raised his Mercenary to level 8 and Militia to lvl 6. With his overall level of 15, he had 5.4 OZ of strength and with Power Break added to it — (TL: + 1 villager level)

The sturdy bars broke from the center and flew violently against the opposite bars, continuing its momentum and bounced twice without any sound. The two girls watched it break with splinters and dust flying everywhere. He walked out from the cell and Ciel followed behind him. He grabbed the steel chains from the other cell and pulled it like a rope. It changed its shape from the force and broke apart link by link, then he opened the door and waited until the magic’s effect was gone.

“Oh, do you ladies want to stay in here a little longer?” He stood outside the cell and looked at the surprised girls and asked cheekily.

“Y-y-you, broke out?” Freya could not believe what she saw, this was too lawless! And he was too skillful with this which was probably because it was not the first time he did this!

He only grinned. He escaped countless times in the game, and he even succeeded escaping from the harbor Ampere Seale’s prison fortress.

[Back then the forums were even roused by the players who managed to escape from Kirrlutz’s capital’s prison.]

“And who is he?” Freya noticed there was someone else beside Brendel.

“My esteemed ladies, I am Sir lord’s squire.” Ciel lowered his head and greeted the two girls.

“Squire?”

“Sir lord?”

They nearly failed to control their voices, what was going on? Was there a secret passageway, why did Brendel mysteriously became a lord and even had a squire?

Freya patted her face to check if she was dreaming. If that youth who stayed in that old mansion suddenly became a lord after a few months, then she should become a Goddess of War too right?

“H-how did you come in?” She blurted out in a hurry.

“Like you can see, I’m a magician.” Ciel answered without skipping a beat. Brendel greatly appreciated that, this bugger had a level of bullshitting that could compete with him.





“A magician” Freya was taken aback.

“Y-y-you are a Highland Knight, Brendel, you’re actually a Darnian!” She looked at him with disbelief. There was one place in this world where a magician would become a knight’s squire, the Karsuk’s region where the Highland Knights had allied with the wizards for more than three hundred years, forming Aouine’s strongest forces and known as the White Knights. They were legends in every household.

At this moment Freya believed that Brendel was a noble youth from a high ranking knight family.

[No wonder, no wonder he was so amazing. He was so calm in every situation because he was a knight.] She suddenly lowered her head.

[This bastard is a noble, yet he came to me and Romaine who are just commoners, he must be up to something bad!]

She immediately linked the bad deeds that she heard from her aunt and jerked backwards.

Brendel obviously did not know what was going on in the girl’s creative mind, and merely thought she could not accept the events that had transpired. In fact he thought that if they felt better with this explanation, he could skip the trouble of explaining himself. He shook his head and looked at Ciel, who also looked back at him.

Reality was always so troublesome.

“Alright, you two girls, it’s about time to go” Brendel looked at Romaine who was hiding in the dark with her bright eyes looking at him curiously. He shook his head and asked: “You are not going to plan to stay here till dawn right?”





“Brendel, are you really a knight?” She suddenly asked.

“No, I’m just Brendel.”

“Okay, then I’m coming out.”

“Please—“



* * *





Vol.1 Chapter 44




TL: Unedited.



Chapter 44 – Not jailbreaking?

The three remaining people came out from the prison. The girls looked on as Brendel easily handled the patrolling wardens, and the entire process was silent and practiced. Freya had her suspicion that Brendel had special training as a Highland Knight, but was it necessary to train to do something like this?

After the wardens were settled, the four of them walked towards the central area of the level. The guard who kept watch of the keys was surprised when they saw them coming out from the darkness, and subconsciously pulled out the sword from the wall.

Brendel immediately raised his gauntlets he stole from a warden and charged over to him. A blue shimmering glow washed over the gauntlets as he blocked the guard’s sword. The blue light was around the size of a soccer ball, and there was a force from within that pushed away the sharp blade.

Brendel grabbed the sword away when the white mane light infantry became surprised, and pushed him back to the wall with tremendous force. A dull thud and a withering gasp could be heard as the guard fainted. Brendel saw that the guards were merely normal soldiers, so he did not use fatal force and simply knocked them out.

Freya blurted out after she watched him knock down the final foe: “I can’t believe you’re so strong. If I did not see you in action, I would still be naive about the strength of the knights.”

“You don’t have to look down on yourself. A mid white-ranked swordsman is more than enough to handle the guards.” Brendel searched for the key to go up the next level on the warden.

“White-ranked swordsman?”





“It means unranked,” Ciel explained next to her: “The blacksteel, silver, gold swordsmen rank counterparts are, squires, knights and veteran knights. The blacksteel swordsmen are Aouine’s knights’ reserves.If there are any nobles with slight potential, they would be sent to great noble families to become squires.” (TL: The pacing of words is a little unclear here, but nobles probably have nothing to do with swordsmen. They are just training to become knights.)

“According to tradition, a grade 1 ranking swordsman enjoy the authority of not taking off his hat when they meet low ranking nobles like squires and lords, but this tradition has stopped approximately fifty years ago. Any rank that is below the blacksteel swordsmen, would be unranked. Typically the army guards, militia are of this level, separated only by the words of ‘upper’ and ‘lower’.”

“So this is how it is classified.” Freya stood pensively. Just a while ago her mind was still mired in being the top militia swords user, but now her horizons have broadened.

But Ciel was not done yet as he had seen through his lord’s intention to nurture the girl, so he continued: “A blacksteel swordsman represents a grade 1 power, silver swordsman as grade 2 power, gold swordsman as grade 3 power. Our wizards counterpart are cantrip wizard, first circle wizard and second circle wizard. There are also similar distinctions for the priests and other professions, and these distinctions are not of a country’s standards, but from the Holy Cathedral of Flames’s strict rules.”

The girls blinked repeatedly as they received the lesson. It was not actually uncommon knowledge for the commoners, but Bucce was simply too isolated.

“The strongest kingdom like Kirrlutz and Bansel, their standing army’s soldiers are comprised of the blacksteel rank, while most of the captains are of the silver rank. In comparison, more than half of Aouine’s border army’s soldiers have not reached the blacksteel rank, and even an appointed captain of the knights is at the intermediate blacksteel rank.” Ciel intentionally pointed things out.

“Ciel, if you spread this, our heads would be chopped off.”

“My lord, if you are not afraid of being executed, as an attached squire I would not be afraid too.” The youth lightly replied, before continuing: “My lord should also have the standards of a blacksteel rank. It is a very rare thing to see with your lordship’s age, and Ciel is very pleased to have the chance to follow such an outstanding person.”





[If I’m going to compare to the people with the ‘enlightened’ or ‘chosen’ status, or even the ones with knight talents, I’m nothing much at all. Then again the results that I accomplished are quite puzzling indeed.]

Ciel did not know the circumstances, but since Brendel felt good from the praise he did not reveal anything.

Especially when it came to the girls’ amazed gazes.

Ciel looked at the guard on the floor and asked softly: “Number 5, 17 and 22, these seems to be other prisoners in these three cells. Should we let them out to aid us in our escape, my lord? If the outside area is the soldier camp, the more people we have, the better our chances to escape.”

Freya glared at him. Brendel had talked about other stuff during their temporary stay in the cells. The people who were locked here were guilty of terrible crimes.

“No, it will affect my plans if there are more people.” Brendel said confidently.

“As you wish.”

Brendel turned his head back: “Romaine, do you know where your aunt is?”

She shook her head: “I don’t know exactly either, she only said that she would be staying with a relative.”

“Where is that relative staying?”

“The location is at Ponoa’s market. I heard that person is a distant relatative of my aunt. He’s a small fur merchant called Hood.” Freya said.

Brendel glanced at Romaine: “Your family certainly has the tradition of having merchants.”

Romaine merely smiled sweetly.

Since Brendel had the desired location, it was easy to decide on the next step. The first level of the prison was even smaller, and there was only one warden there. Brendel was certain that there were four wardens in their level because of them. He quickly settled the warden here and they proceeded upwards, and found themselves in the inner soldier camp.

He was familiar with this area, and he led his party swiftly to the warehouse and retrieved Freya’s half plate. They then equipped themselves with a sword. He found that it was a pity that the soldiers who fainted did not provide XP, otherwise he would have woken them up and knocked them a few times.

Ciel repeatedly gave the advice of freeing the other prisoners to let them escape from the riot: The reason was very simple, it was easy for them to handle one or two white-maned light infantry soldiers, just rush them from the shadows and they were down for the count. But once they got to the outside camp, it was impossible to escape with just the four of them.

But Brendel denied it.

In the midst of their discussion, Brendel had already led them to the highest point of this soldier camp; a tower. He opened the wooden door at the peak, and there was a open pathway in front of them. This tower was used as a last minute resort to aid the walls, and one of the areas overlooked approximately a fifth of the city.





But he was not here to look at the scenery. They had incapacitated seven guards along their way, and according to the standards of the white-mane army, they would discover that there was something amiss after ten minutes. He looked up at the sky. The sky was beautifully illuminated by the moon and stars, and despite the thick clouds, the shape of the moon could still be seen.

“What are you doing, Brendel?” Freya poked him from behind. A stray thought appeared in her mind and she wondered if this fellow actually broke out of the jail just to see the moonlight. Even though it was probably unlikely, but looking at the crazy actions that he did in the past few days, it might be possible.

She looked at Ciel next, and the youth also had his hands behind his back and looked up at the sky with his lord silently. They certainly had great coordination with each other.

“The moonlight tonight is pretty good.” Brendel answered.

“You—” Freya really wanted to punch his face to see if he could still laugh about it.

“My aunt said that the moon’s name is Luca, and was born because of Iren, a goddess. Because there is a moon,this world became mysterious.” Romaine also looked up at the moon and commented.

“Your aunt knows a lot,” Ciel also added in: “There is a secret amongst the wizards, a book called ‘The annals of darkness’, which described the things that happened long ago in the past.”

“Are you saying that Romaine’s aunt is a wizard?” Freya was stunned.

“That might not be so, it might be possible that she is someone related to magic. Some witches in the rural areas have also heard of such rumors.” He replied.

Freya’s eyes went to Romaine, but the latter did not seem to hear any of their talk and simply looked at the moon. Freya did think that Romaine’s aunt Jennie was indeed a little mysterious. She frequently brought strange things back to the village, and the villagers said she was a witch and did not really communicate with her family.

While Brendel listened to their conversation on one side, he suddenly heard strange words in his mind:

XVI: The Tower

The fallen ‘moonlight’ that devours light.

He was momentarily dazed for a while, and thought he was in an illusion. He quickly shook his head, but could not stop but remember that dream when he was unconscious.

In a scenery filled with ghastly darkness, isolated from the world. There was only a moon shining on the tower in the midst of a black lake, signifying the beginning and end of his dream. There was when he met Freya.

But when he was about to mull over this thought, the merchant girl suddenly said: “There’s something coming over, Brendel.”

The three of them looked around in alert.

After twenty seconds, they heard a low and dull sound of wings flapping. Freya was in vigilance and unease, but Brendel and Ciel were relaxed.

Brendel looked up, and the next instant a gargoyle broke through from the clouds. The rock devil with its wings extended contrasted deeply from the bright moonlight, and became a figure that was full of intrigue.

“Brendel, it’s your gargoyle!” Romaine recognized it immediately.

“Yes. Are you afraid of heights?”

The merchant girl hurriedly shook her head.

“W-what are you going to do Brendel?” Freya immediately thought of something and her face paled immediately.

………………………………………………………………..

The Golden Apple Lord barged into Burnley’s home with a grave expression. This noble who was famed in the industry was checking out a finely crafted bronze armor with a magnifying glass. Any armor that was in the ancient era of ‘The Returning Light’ was prized by all collectors.

Burnley unhurriedly laid down his magnifying glass, glance at his partner with slight ridicule: “What happened, did that fellow went out of the city with his men?”





“It’s not something as serious as that, but the criminals tonight escaped!” When Esebar said this, he was so furious that he punched a random spot. He was actually not furious over the escape, but it was another madman who intruded his home and yelled at him.

“That is certainly a small matter. How did they escape?”

“I’m not angry over this.” The Golden Apple Lord shook his head and took a deep breath: “I’m angry over that ‘Tiger’ Luc Beson actually created a din in my home, saying that I locked a Highland Knight’s descendant in his prison and I caused him trouble!”

“Highland knight?” Burnley paused.

“Yes, he said there was a Highland Knight amongst the three, and his magician squire came to rescue him. Holy Mother Marsha above, he ran over to me and demanded to have him, saying that man must not be harmed and added to his army.” The Golden Apple Lord was in delirious anger when he spat his words out.

“And in conclusion?”

“The conclusion, the conclusion is I have to bring him to settle this! In the middle of the night, this bastard is just too much!” He roared.

“Don’t be too impulsive, let Granzon handle this. I’ll move some men from my personal army to aid you.” Burnely smiled and answered.

The Golden Apple Lord looked thankfully at him. It was the first time that he felt this rotund face was not as hateful. But after a while he reminded him: “I still have one more matter. I recently heard you moved a batch of armor to the city? You need to be careful. Even though it’s not a big matter to raise your own forces, you have to be careful of your secrets falling into your enemies’ hands.”

He looked around the room.

“It’s just a personal hobby.” The industry specialist continued to smile.

TL: The title is contradictory -.-



* * *





Vol.1 Chapter 45




TL: Unedited.



Chapter 45 – Night scenery

Brendel and his squire jumped down from his gargoyle, and they saw Romaine and Freya with a pale face in the alley. The latter was glaring at him with a hateful gaze. Brendel found it a little funny that the Goddess of War was afraid of height, and discovered that she resembled the girls in his party in the past due to her frightened expressions in the air.

“Alright, I’m going to talk a little about our current situation.” Brendel was afraid that Freya would seek revenge on him and rushed to speak first.

Freya lightly scoffed when she saw through his trick. She turned her head away and could not be bothered to argue with him.

“We have already delivered the news, it is up to the nobles to take action or not; the next thing we must do is to find Romaine’s aunt and escape from Fortress Riedon, but it will not be easy to do so.” Brendel gestured upwards to instruct the gargoyle to go up to the rooftop and survey the surroundings. He had tried every night to test out the keywords to activate the gargoyle and he finally discovered one that was of use.

However, he still lacked an attack command.

“Freya and Romaine are registered militia, so your relatives at Fortress Riedon will seek to record your names. If we go directly to Romaine’s distant relative, we might be discovered right there, especially when we don’t know if he could be trusted.”





“Isn’t aunt Jennie going to be in grave danger?” Freya asked.

Brendel glanced at Romaine. She did not say anything and was lowering her head to play with the corners of her sleeves.

“Overall the opposition will also have a reaction time, but if we are going to do these things one at a time together, our chances to fail will be significantly higher. In order to save time, we need to move separately, and each of us need to confirm what our own roles.”

He took a deep breath. He had taken on the role of a leader just like in the game once again. But now that the fate of other people was in his hands, he felt a scintilla of tenseness.

His gaze overlooked the three faces, then pointed:

“Freya will go and contact Romaine’s relative.”

“Me?” Freya pointed at herself puzzledly.

“Yes.”

“But I only know he is staying in Ponoa’s market. I don’t even which street it is, in fact I don’t even know where the market is…?” She said with a troubled expression.

“You can ask around for the directions. Ponoa’s market is nearby, just walk out of this alley and you will see a pub called ‘The Red Bronze Dragon’s story bar’, and you can seek news in there.” Brendel suddenly smiled: “But you need to be careful, the mecenaries’ hands in the bar might not be very proper, don’t get taken advantage of.”

Freya’s face went into a flaming red, and she glared angrily at him: “Sh-shameless….. lout!”

Ciel was giggling in one corner. He thought his lord was quite interesting. Nobles hardly went to such a low-class area like a pub, but it seemed that Brendel understood the kingdom from the top to the bottom. Wizards liked to be with intelligent people, especially with people who were knowledgeable in many things.

“When you find the merchant called Hood, don’t reveal your identity and give him a little time. Invite him to the pub and let us meet him there. Take note of his reactions, and you would know if he is reliable. If you discover the presence of the army, there’s no need to worry. They won’t move until they are clear of our relationship, since they want to bring us all down at the same time.”

Freya thought about it for a while, as if to check whether she was able to do all these, then finally nodded.

“Then what about me, Brendel?” Romaine blinked and asked.

“You will help us get a horse carriage and wait for us at the north gate. There are only two hostels in Fortress Riedon, so it is very possible these areas are being watched. If you discover any problems with any one of them, then you can just go ahead to the north gate alone. No matter what happens, we will leave the city in the morning. If we are lucky, we can escape before the order is given to lock the city gates.”

The merchant girl nodded readily.

Brendel then took out some money from the noble’s relic from The Forbidden Garden, and split it into half and passed to them: “The things that you are about to do might require some money. Here is thirty silver coins, each person with half of it should be more than enough. And if it is possible, purchase some food as well, Romaine.”

The merchant girl nodded earnestly.

“Then what about you, Brendel?” Freya asked.

“Your independent actions might be too difficult as the White-Mane army might be able to spot the two of you anytime. Ciel and I will visit a few ‘Old Friends’, and draw the attention of the Fortress guards.” Brendel said unhurriedly.





Only the Gods know how much determination Brendel had when he spoke. He was used to danger, just like leading the girls and himself out of Zevail’s pathway, but he had never thought himself as a hero or a messiah.

‘A detailed plan might fail, not to mention a desperate one.’ This was his guild leader’s advice to Brendel in the game, and became his proud motto.

This time, even he did not know how much risk was involved. But he had promised Romaine in his old home, and there times that he had to keep his promise as a man. He felt that his desire to fulfill his promise calmed him down. He would definitely succeed.

“Are you crazy, Brendel!” Freya understood there was something wrong in his words, and her eyes went wide with shock: “Y-you’re going be sentenced to death by hanging, what are we going to do?”

She suddenly realized her words were a little ambiguous and she blushed, trying to explain: “I mean, I don’t want to be like you and become a bandit……”

Brendel felt the tsundere girl was a little cute: “Don’t worry, I’ll invite you to join me when there’s a chance.”

There was definitely a chance, but he did not know how much of a chance he had to persuade the future Goddess of War to join him.

“None at all,” Freya said with spite: “You should stay with Romaine, I’m worried for her.”

“There’s no need to, I trust little Romaine.”

The merchant girl’s eyebrows went up, and she was secretly delighted.

Freya was grinding her teeth with anger. She knew that this bastard knew that she was worried about him, but he wanted to force her to say it out loud. And the more infuriating thing was, he might not listen to her even when she said it.

“Fine. I can’t be bothered.” She lowered her head and flung her ponytail backwards with her hand: “B-be careful.” (TL: Classic tsundere never dies!)

The merchant girl gave him a small gesture of ‘Everything’s okay’, and this was learned from Brendel two days ago: “I’ll wait for you at the north gate, Brendel! The future great merchant’s horse carriage will move only when Brendel’s in it~”

Brendel felt his heart skip a beat, and he smiled at her.

……………………………………………………………………………….

In the White-Mane army’s camp after ten minutes of the breakout—

“You said you did not hear anything at all?”





Luc Beson picked up a broken piece of wood and pointed at a section and asked: “From the damage, this looks like it’s at a Rank 1 strength. A blacksteel swordsman broke down our prison’s door, and you are telling me that none of you heard it?”

The ‘Tiger’ Luc Beson was 45 years old, with dusky skin and a prominent forehead that looked like it was sliced with a knife. His high cheekbones came from his half highland bloodline. His face was slightly flattened, thin, and his deep gaze held a hint of wildness. Luc Beson had been the captain of the 104th White-mane swordsman army for ten years. If he was to advance he would have to rely on his reputation in his army and his successes.

But he was politically inclined to the Evertons, which was also the restoration faction, and it was the truth that the White-Mane army already became Earl Pola’s personal army. His position in the army was not welcomed, but this did not hinder him from displaying his prestige to his subordinates, and he was not the whelps that came from some noble backdoor.

The general’s words immediately made the lower ranked officers look at each other. Especially the wardens who were in charge of the security tonight, who went red. There were the White-Mane’s infantry, wearing a blue army uniform, with a pointed helm who walked in and out of the room. The greatest difference they had from the guards was the sigil on their shoulder; a white patch of wolf fur.

This unique decoration was awarded to this army who participated in the ‘Hastings war’ where they did not retreat from it. It was also where the army got their fame from.

“If he is a highland knight, then his squire might be able to do something like that.” Someone said.

“In the White-Mane’s army, it is not important what your opponents did, it is what you did. A response time of ten minutes, are you the militia?”

Luc Beson’s rebuke immediately silenced everyone.

At this moment, an army officer brought his attendent and announced himself. He pushed the door open and brought with him a stack of goatskin papers: “Captain, we checked the Bucce’s militia. There is indeed a Romaine and Freya recorded in it, but the youth called Brendel does not seem to be a Bucce’s local.”

Luc Beson confirmed his thoughts, and he tapped the table with his fingers: “And?”

The attendent walked near him and said something to his ears, and Luc Beson nodded. He asked again: “What is the answer of his majesty’s secret missionary?”

“The earl did not say, but he hinted that we should execute him.” The officer answered.

Luc Beson was slightly surprised. A kingdom’s missionary would take offense over a commoner? He rubbed his chin, trying to read the meaning behind everything, but before that the entire room was buzzing with debate.

“Really, but why would that old bastard be angry over that commoner?”

“I think he might be interested in the two women, that perverted bastard.”

“A useless jester, I saw him admiring that Elven sword.”

“A bumpkin who had never seen the world.” Someone laughed with derison.

Luc Beson immediately smacked the table, and the officers stopped talking. He wanted to censure them again, but someone else pushed the door open, a soldier from the outside.

“Captain, the local parliament is on fire.”





“A damned diversion,” Luc Beson cursed inwardly and stood up to issue his orders: “I’m giving you ten minutes. The second and third squadrons are to gather with the fastest speed!”

The officers stood up.

He pointed at one side: “The two of you, monitor the areas of interest. McLemore, your mission is the hostels, all of you should know what to do, do not alarm them.”

The three of them who were appointed lowered their heads and answered. They did not dare to waste any more time and immediately left the room.

“Captain, how about lord Esebar?”

“There’s no need to remind him or the others, that bunch of bastards must have ran to their missionary and bootlick him. They must rely on one side, right.”

The captain’s words made the room echo with a riot of laughter.



* * *





Vol.1 Chapter 46




TL: Unedited.

Chapter 46 – Lv up

‘The Red Bronze Dragon’s Story Bar’ was a pub located between Ponoa’s street and the Traveller’s bridge. It ran through the night and welcomed all manners of people, mercenaries, adventurers, prostitutes and dubious merchants.

If one was able to tolerate the chaotic environment and vulgar talk, this was indeed a good place to find entertainment. There was cheap beer, waitress who wore revealing clothes, and food to fill the stomach. Even if one was to drink a whole night, he would not spend more than a few copper coins, and not worry about the guards hauling him to prison.

But Freya trembled when she walked towards this dirty area. The countryside lass gripped her sword tightly, her mind filled with Brendel’s hints.

She lowered her crimson face, carefully walking through the gaps of the crowd. She felt her ponytail hair standing up from the anxiety in her heart. Her thoughts spiraled into every direction. What happened if someone was to molest her? Chop his hand off? Stab him? (TL: Lol.)





She spied on the waitresses who wore revealing clothes, and felt her ears burn. She could only think of ‘How could they wore something like this! Do they have no shame!’.

She walked over to the bar with both hands on her sword, and the plump bar owner who was sitting down with his hand supporting his cheek sized her up, from the top of her head to her feet.

“This place isn’t for you, little missy.”

She finally noticed that Brendel lied to her. She gritted her teeth and her sword clattered from her trembling hands with fury. But she did not want to vent her anger in front of a stranger and asked with her lowered head: “Excuse me, I’m here to gather information on someone……”

Leto looked at the girl’s head that was so low that it was going to reach the bar’s wooden structure, and he could not help but chuckled.

“This bar is indeed the place for information, but little missy, we’re not free!”

“I know, I’ll pay for the information. Please help me.”

“Very well, who’re you looking for?”

“Hood, a fur merchant in Ponoa’s market.”

“That fellow, huh. Are you his relative from the countryside?”

Freya shook her head hastily: “No, someone asked me to pass a letter to him.”

Leto shook his head, but at this moment, a group of guards walked hurriedly outside the bar’s doors. He keenly felt the girl’s body shook slightly. He had been the owner for over a decade, and his observation skills were unmatched in the vicinity, and he found there was something unusual with this small detail.

And as if it was turning into a real-life play, a guard actually walked back and shouted just outside the door: “Oh right, Leto, did you see any suspicious people around?”

Leto stood up. He saw the girl was pretending to be calm in front of him, but her fingers were turning white from gripping the sword. He sighed and asked: “Are they finding you?”

Freya looked up in surprise, and she was ready to draw her sword.

“You don’t need to be tense, this is my professional habit.”

She looked on in a daze, but recovered instantaneously and quickly said: “I-I have money, can you hide me?”

“A hundred Tor, do you have it?” Leto asked with a smile. His bar had many dubious characters around, and it was a common thing for him to hide a criminal, furthermore he found this lass to be interesting.





A hundred Tor is a silver coin, and she nodded quickly. She quickly walked to the back of the bar and Leto had her hide into a wooden barrel. A few of the guards also went with the first guard and they entered into the bar.

None of the patrons in the bar wanted to look at them, and they naturally would not point fingers. There were rules in various places, and even in this low-class place, they had their rules.

This was the ‘gray’ area. The guards in the city would seek information, but the merchants and thieves would also do the same. They know of each other’s existence, but they held by the rules and did not deal with them in the open.

This was the rules of a game.

While Leto stood by them, the naive Freya had a different mindset. When she hid into the dark barrel, she immediately regretted.

[Freya, what the hell were you thinking! Didn’t you even consider that he might betray you? Are you even a captain of the third militia squadron?]

She listened to the conversation between the owner and the guards with a tense heart. She was gravely afraid of the cover suddenly opening and hauled out. Even though things were not stated out directly, she knew what fate she had if she was to be caught.

But after a while, she heard someone knocking on the barrel.

“They are gone, come out.”

Freya opened the barrel a little and took a look. The guards were indeed gone, and she relaxed with a sigh of relief. Then she noticed that everyone was looking at her with a bemused expression, and a few of them even raised their glasses with respect.

“Not bad at all, a little lass actually dares to against the bastard soldiers in the army!”

“Here’s a drink to you!”

Freya turned to the owner with a red face: “Thank you.”

“There’s no need to thank me. That’s a hundred Tor.” The fat owner laughed and beckoned to a girl in the room. A girl with tanned skin with braids came to Freya’s side.

“This is my daughter, let her take you to Hood’s home. Ah, that’s right, little lass. Let me give you an advice. Don’t move alone in the middle of the night, where are your companions?”

She thought of the lout, Brendel, and she wanted to get angry but could not do so. She realized that he was trying to hone her views of the world, and just thinking about her display earlier, she could only bury her head in the sand.

“I’m Sue.” The girl looked at her and offered to shake her hand: “I usually help father to look after this shop, but I’m free now. Come with me.” (TL: If you want to live.)

“Thank you, my name is Freya.”

………………………………………………………………………..

“Someone is trying to take advantage of the situation, my lord.”

Ciel said and looked at the fire from a distant building.

Brendel creased his brows. He did not think there were other factions in the city. The huge fire in the parliament did not help him at all, and in the contrary, it created considerable trouble for him.





But this timing was really well done. It had to be done internally, and at the very least knew that they had escaped.

He thought about the situation back then, perhaps it was a noble from that night.

[But who? What are his goals?]

After a while, he shook his head and tossed his random ideas out. Even though he was displeased from being used, but as an unimportant character he did not have the right to be displeased.

“I hope this wouldn’t bring us too much trouble.” He said: “But perhaps we would not be affected. It might be good if we received help, let’s mind about our own tasks.”

“But my lord, you have not told me what we are going to do.” Ciel said.

“Someone borrowed my sword, so I have to collect it.” The King Oberg the seventh that Brendel knew was not a generous king, but he did not know how close he was with his close aides. (TL: I’m not sure if this king refers to the current king or the next future king. In chapter 40, it was Oberg the sixth.)

“Who?”

“An earl.”

Ciel snorted: “I have never seen anyone more lawless than you, my lord. Do you really think that your neck is stronger than the rope?”

“When we escaped we are already going to be executed by the rope. If that is the case, who is going to care whether it’s one or two ropes?” Brendel laughed. He was quite anxious in truth, but he discovered that his squire was quite funny.

“That is certainly true, but what is my lord going to do?”

“Attack from the front, it’s best to make the commotion as big as possible.”

Ciel looked at Brendel closely. Even though Brendel was making small conversation, his pale face and clammy-looking hands betrayed the tenseness in his heart. Even so, he was still planning things out calmly and steadily.

“What is going to happen if you die?” Brendel asked after thinking for a while.

“A card which dies in the battlefield will go into the graveyard. Before my lord is able to pull out from there, I will stay there forever.” Ciel said.

“If that’s the case, I have to be more careful.”

Brendel said as he estimate the remaining time in his heart. After calculating everything, he raised his hand to grip onto the flying gargoyle in the air. Ciel also grabbed it.

The two of them looked each other and nodded. The gargoyle flew quickly into the air, and under the cover of the night, they flew towards a small forest within the fortress.

The wind whistled past them, and Ciel asked: “My lord, are you certain that the earl is staying in a forest like this? And not the within that small castle?”

Ciel pointed to a small castle between the Pine River and Webster river.

“What did you say, I can’t hear it through the wind?”

“I said, did my lord fly in a wrong direction?”

“Me? Of course not, did I say I’m going to pick a fight with the earl right now?”

“Then what are we going to do?”

“Of course it’s to level up! A workman must sharpen his tools if he wants to do his work well.”

“Level up? Is that some form of ancient language?”

“Shut up! Let me tell you this. In a game there are always three things. Technique, equipment and stats.” Brendel shouted in the wind: “When you look at these three things, one of them is bound to help you. If you are going to become a full-fledged wizard one day, you will thank me for telling you this secret.”

“Game?”

“Human life is like a game, and a game reflects the human life, do you get it?”

“I somehow get it. My lord is truly wise.” Ciel said with a lying face. He could only think about the freezing night air and he felt his limbs were turning into ice.

Brendel stared at the forest and calculated again.

[At most there is 15 minutes left.]

………………………………………………………………………..





In the castle.

The middle-aged man sat on the sofa and observed the slender sword in his hand, before placing it down. His expression did not change and still retained a cold demeanor. But the chill in his eyes were more apparent.

“What do you think?” The figure behind him asked.

“This should be that sword. I don’t know how that young man got it, but he must disappear from this world. But the two women beside him, I’m very interested in them.”

“It’s fine to have a hobby, but the key thing is not to let it interfere with your job.”

“If I don’t give them hints, how would those short-sighted fools think of using my name to do things? Since they were the one who killed, whether if it was bootlicking me or not, no one would suspect me. All that is needed is a suitable reason. As for that man’s reputation, when did we ever care?”

The middle-aged man thin lips curled into a cold smile: “And you also said it, it’s fine to have a hobby.”

That figure smiled in return and his eyes went back to the sword: “Have you found anything?”

The middle-aged man shook his head: “It’s never that simple.”



* * *





Vol.1 Chapter 47




TL: Unedited.

Chapter 47 – Babasha

Brendel commanded the gargoyle to release them, and Ciel and him fell onto the soft meadow in the area. They were in a silent forest of a mountain peak, and what entered their line of sight was a crooked wooden house like a house from the slums. It was two storey high, and there were rays of yellow light from candlesticks pouring out from the gaps of the wooden planks.

“My lord, is this the place that you where you can ‘lvup’?” Ciel rubbed his sore wrist from the gargoyle’s grip as he carefully studied the house before him. His face was full of serious suspicion: “I do not wish to question you my lord, but no matter how I look at it, this place looks similar to the witches’ houses in Bunoxone.”

“You are not wrong, there is a witch currently residing in this house.”

“Oh, the witches do indeed have a way to raise the powers temporarily.”





“No, that temporary power is not sufficient.”

“Then my lord’s goal is spiritual magic? It is indeed a power that can be used under emergencies. But my lord, these spirits are difficult to control, and even though I can think of several ways to deceive them, I have never tried them out—”

Brendel already started to walk towards the wooden house, while the young man followed him from behind quickly and continued to speak.

“Ciel, tell me your methods the next time. This time however, we’re here to make a transaction.”

“Transaction?”

Brendel reached the door and readied himself mentally.

He was the only one who knew that the witch called Babasha was nothing more than a cover for something else. When the nobles designed their fortresses, they tend to make an emergency passageway, and the former owner of the pine fortress and duke of Grinoires created a secret passageway to this hill, due to the numerous enemies he had in the political circle.

And Babasha, who was the duke’s witch advisor, naturally protected the passageway. This secret was only revealed after the Second War of the Black rose, where players failed to reoccupy the pine fortress and seeked for an alternative way, leading to the discovery of the fortress’s blueprints.

Brendel was vert familiar with the level 32 witch. When he was grinding in the fortress, he was still inexperienced in the ways of the game and loved to gamble, so he fell prey to the old witch, as her place was the only shop that sold secret goods.

This time, however, he had to try and curb this witch so that he could execute his plans. His right hand was constantly on his sword’s hilt, and his fingers were cold from his tension.

He hesitated for a while, but knocked onto the strangely bent door three times.

There was a voice that quickly came from the second storey, old and sharp: “Who is it, if you want a divination come again tomorrow.”

“I don’t want a divination. I have brought something along.”

“Do you know the rules if you’re here to do a transaction?” The voice replied after a short pause.

“I have what you want, witch.”

“Is that so? Then you better have brought something that I want, otherwise I’ll tear your beating heart out and feed it to my dog.” The shrieking voice sounded out from the second storey to the first storey, along with the sound of someone walking down a light of stairs.





The door quickly opened, revealing an ugly old face. The witch raised her pointy hat and looked at him with a pair of cloudy eyes. “Speak quickly.”

He did not even think and quickly drew his sword and placed it on her neck. His action surprised the two people beside him, and Ciel broke out in a cold sweat: Was there anyone who did a transaction like this?

His whole body was as taut as a string when he drew his sword, and he felt a little weak when he succeeded in his action. He exhaled his breath in a hurry. If he was slower by a slight moment, Babasha had more than ten spells to turn him into dust.

But fortunately, perhaps even this witch had underestimated her guest. Because of her powers of a First Circle wizard, she did not see this lower Iron-ranked swordsman as a threat. Perhaps Babasha still thought that she might have a chance even if the sword impaled her, but for Brendel the battle was already decided.

Ciel quickly compared Brendel’s actions. From escaping the jail and seeking the duke, all that he did could not have compared to this moment. Babasha was a First Circle-ranked wizard, and Mother Marsha above, she could easily defeat ten of himself.

And yet his lord’s first action was to place his sword at her neck.

“Young man, what are you trying to do here.” Babasha’s countenance turned cold and demanded in a shrill voice.

“By the time your little finger completes the Third Movement of the spell you’re planning, I will pierce my sword through your heart. I have always heard the witches say that the heart is a human’s source of life, and reacts to the Three Corners of Mana. I had always wanted to test whether that is true. If I am you, I will stop that foolish act immediately.”

Brendel’s chilly voice rang through the air, and Babasha and Ciel’s expressions immediately changed drastically.

[This old witch was actually casting magic. I didn’t even notice it at all, and that must be a powerful spell. But how did my lord noticed her actions?]

While Babasha was thoroughly shocked. A swordsman who did not even a have a shred of mana recognized her spell, and even saw what stage she was in at casting the spell.

[Did the world somehow change when I was not paying attention?!]

Her attitude changed.

“What do you want?”

“The duke of Grinoires does not appear to have any friends in the capital. My guess is that he loaned it to the earl because he is someone close to the king. If that is the case, why do you need to give your life up for a stranger?”

Even though Brendel was sure of his actions, his sword hand was still trembling slightly. He continued to observe Babasha’s every movement and eyes, afraid that she was up to something. Even though a level 32 witch should have no secrets to him, his perception was too low and could only guess what she was up to.

[It’s a fight to see who have the bigger galls.]

Babasha’s expression changed again: “What are you talking about?”

“My demand is very simple. I want you to swear an oath upon your Star. Let me use the passageway to the pine fortress just this once, and I will also not speak of this passageway to anyone.”

The witch looked at him liked he was a devil.

[The secret passageway was only known to the duke and myself. Even his family members did not know, so how does this man know? Is he the illegitimate son of the duke?]

“What if I say no?”

“I do not wish to kill you.”

Babasha finally realized that she had no room for negotiation. She thought for a while and prepared to swear to the Throne of Witch King with her finger pointed at the star, but Brendel shook his head.

“Babasha, isn’t your Star sign the Long Snake?”





The witch’s body shook visibly. She looked at his jet black eyes. It was as if all her secrets were revealed under his sharp gaze. A witch’s star sign was a witch’s greatest secret, and she had only told the duke to gain his trust. She felt that Brendel was more and more mysterious, and did not dare to pull off any more tricks, and swore an oath to her star sign.

Brendel finally relaxed himself, and realized that his back was completely soaked with perspiration. He spoke to Ciel:

“Ciel, go to the bookshelf located at the back of the house, and take the very first scroll on the right side, the box on the second shelf, and three reagents left from the third shelf. Do not touch the rest.”

Ciel was completely impressed with his lord at this moment, and even felt that he was becoming more of an enigma.

Babasha felt she had fallen into a bottomless abyss. The young man in front of her actually knew what was useful on her shelf, and the other items were full of evil curses.

When Ciel opened the box he yelled in delight: “These are element crystals. My lord if you take some time to absorb them you can use the elements directly.”

But Brendel shook his head. He simply went over and picked up the dusty reagents and asked: “Do you know what these are?”

Babasha also looked up puzzledly. Even she did know what they contained. She was able to feel that was a mana ripple from the reagents at her level, so she had kept it for decades and there was a thick layer of dust on it.

Some reagents are poisonous or if the method to use them was wrong, it would also be fatal. Magic was a powerful, mysterious and dangerous thing.

Ciel took a while at to look at it, but he shook his head.

“This is a mana potion, how can you not even recognize this?” Brendel wiped away the dust with a little dissatisfaction, revealing the pale blue liquid.

“”Impossible!”” Babasha and Ciel were shocked.

“What are you surprised for, aren’t they just mana potion? I want to ask you now, this three mana potions’ effectiveness can raise your mana pool four times. Discounting the change in your powers, what is your wizard rank after having four times the mana pool?”

“A middle-ranked wizard.” Ciel replied in a hoarse voice.

“Therefore, this is one of the targets I was talking about. Consider yourself as a middle-ranked wizard even before you use the potions, although the truth is you’re still an apprentice, understand?”

Ciel nodded subconsciously.

[That’s a mana potion, even called as the ‘Wizard’s Gold’! This item was created using high alchemical skills, and it is as hard as making a holy potion. I only saw these potions in scrolls, but my lord is just throwing them at me without a second thought?]

Brendel took the lambskin scroll taken from the shelf: “There is an Arte scribed into the scroll here. The air around the sword’s edges would become sharp after using the technique. It is also one of the methods. Do you understand what I mean by ‘lvup’ now?” (TL: Arte = Ougi = skill = ability, you get what I mean)

“Learning a skill isn’t something that is done within a day, my lord. Is there any point in looking at it just before—”

Ciel immediately refuted, but he saw Brendel glancing at the scroll and then discarding it instantly. As the scroll fell onto the ground with a rustling sound, the latter stood there blankly for a few seconds. Then suddenly he swung his sword at the door. With a cracking sound, the door split into two and flew outwards ten over meters before falling onto the ground.

Ciel’s mouth hung there as if his jaw was about to drop to the ground.

Brendel furrowed his brows. Just learning the skill took 153 TP. This was not even a subclass’s skill, but the amount of points required to learn it was just ridiculous. The prerequisite to get this intermediate sword skill without a scroll was level 25, and the amount of XP spent was going to be impossible for him right now.





But he definitely considered it to be worthy of the points. There were only ten over intermediate skills he learned in his previous life, and half of them came from his own profession. He had nearly gotten this scroll back then, but because of his bad luck he missed the opportunity to get it.

Regardless of the next action in his plan, this technique was necessary to get.

He lowered his sword and looked back at Babasha: “I’m borrowing these things for a while, are you fine with it?”

Rather than borrowing them, it was more like robbing. But this witch was not something of a good person either, so he did not feel guilty about it. But with a simple line, Babasha knelt onto the floor with a thudding sound, lowering her forehead until it touched the ground and said:

“The black prophecy said, only the Dragon of Darkness is able to see all the secrets of a witch. All methods that are used before are nothing than mere tricks. The ancestor of Miirna, you have returned—”

This time Brendel and Ciel were stunned.



* * *





Vol.1 Chapter 48




TL: Unedited.



Chapter 48 – Infiltration

The Dragon of Darkness was the sworn enemy of the four saints in the holy war. It was especially true for the King of Fire, Gatel, who wanted revenge for his kingdom’s demise. Even though he was confused with the witch Babasha’s words, he did not acknowledge her words. A small misstep would make him the enemy of the world.

“The Dragon of Darkness, Odin? I do know that the witches see him as the guide towards the Fate of Darkness, but I have nothing with it.”

He looked at Babasha, but she still bowed down with trembling fear. He was slightly taken aback at her reaction, but suddenly realized he made a mistake with his words. He had forgotten that the people in this world had deeply revered the Gods and the mysterious powers, and even if they were enemies of them, they would not speak of them lightly.





He completely did not accept them as a player, while the other Brendel’s memories influenced his choice of words. When he spoke of the names, he naturally spoke of them like they were equals.

While this action did not appear to be anything wrong to him, it was an offensive remark to Ciel and Babasha’s ears. But the current circumstances were at a subtle state. Babasha was in a state of deep fear, while Ciel regarded his lord with exalted eyes, and hearing Brendel’s reply made them feel that he was hinting at something.

Brendel noticed that point and he shook his head: “Forget it, you’re free to think whatever you like. As long as you do not interfere with me, and simply wait here until the sun is up.”

Babasha’s forehead still laid on the ground and she did not dare to move even one muscle.

Brendel gestured at the stunned Ciel, then told him that there was a hidden trapdoor under the table nearby and asked him to open it. The young man moved the table with a skeptical expression, and took away the carpet that was under it. Indeed, there was a trapdoor there.

By this moment Ciel did not feel any surprise about his lord’s omniscence and could only concluded there were things in the world that could not be explained with human means.

He reached for the handle and pulled it up with effort, revealing a dark hole with a spiraling staircase.

“My lord, are we going to go in right now?” He asked.

“Of course, what else do you think was going to happen?”

“Oh? But Fortress Riedon is so big, isn’t there any other place that allows us to ‘lvup’?”

“Do you really think magic items are like ‘Big White Vegetables’ that you can pick up from the ground anytime you want to?” (TL: Literally TLed as cabbage.)





“I meant ‘Lettuce’, you know that right?” Brendel rubbed his forehead as he realized he misspoke again. There were slight differences in the terminology in this world.

“Of course, but it is very different when my lord speaks of it. Big, white, vegetable, it must have been derived from the ancient language, even the pronunciation sounds close to it.”

Brendel could not suppress his laughter. He did know of other secret areas in fortress Riedon, in example, the underground church and the well known ‘Tower of Winds’. However, there were Guardian Bosses’ restrictions to them, while Babasha was a NPC where he could use crafty means to get an upper hand. After considering many times, he decided to give up on the rest of the locations.

Right now the ideal dream would be to acquire all the items that he knew, while raising his power at the same time, but there was just not enough time. His current goal was to survive the war, and not to gather items at a leisurely rate and wait for the war to be over.

Once the war was over, he had plenty of time to gather XP and prepare the best equipments for himself before Aouine’s internal civil strife. After checking through his plans, he concluded that it was possible for him to become one of the strongest in the continent.

As a player, he recognized that stats, equipment and techniques made up the system to become strong.

He picked up the box that was beside him, transferring all the Element Crystals into his bag at his waist:

12 Wind Crystals

1 Fire Crystal

3 Water Crystals

Each crystal contain 1 point of energy.

After sweeping off with Babasha’s collection and acting like a professional robber, Brendel even took Babasha’s candle and went into the passageway. The witch’s candle was also a magical item, which could teleport someone to where its light reach. This was a secret that was only known amongst the witches, but it was not a secret to him.

The passageway was approximately 1.5 kilometers long, and most of the passageway only allowed one person to enter at a time as it was very narrow. At the areas where it became bigger, there were three poisonous spiders the size of human beings. The witches normally did something like this, raising beasts for them to become their guards. Babasha put them there to please the duke, but they were a total of 9 XP to Brendel. (TL: Lol. Can you imagine if the duke tried to escape, and the spiders attacked him? This is just asking for snark.)





The end of the passageway led to the cellar. After Brendel reached there, he started to search for the switch and used it, and the shelf holding the wines slid to one side.

The two of them sighed with relief after walking out from the passageway. The stale air and accumulated dust were hard to adjust to, and Ciel thought his lungs were covered with a thick layer of dust after that ordeal.

“We took a little longer than fifteen minutes, my lord.” Ciel took out a watch and glanced it after coming from the passageway.

“That is fine.”

“Hmm?”

“I originally wanted to go the duke’s treasury, but we probably have to give on that. But the collection there are just some paintings and jewellery, they are not really useful.”

“My lord is truly decisive. Not everyone can remain unmoved by the treasure in front of them.”

“No, you’re mistaken, Ciel. I mean that you can just take a few of them on our way up, I’ll tell you which items are the real deal.”

“…………..”

Ciel was surprised at his lord’s unreadable greed, but he did not know that it was not his character, but simply a player’s subconscious action.

The two of them continued up the stairs and stopped at the same time to go over their plans. Brendel extinguished his candle and passed it to his squire, then placed his hand at the cellar’s door to the outside. He activated his skill and the door knob broke apart with a cracking sound.

Then he immediately pushed the door outwards. The two guards that were there turned their heads in dumb surprise, while Brendel’s other hand had already pulled out his sword. With an elegant swing with silver light trailing behind the sword, the guards’ half drawn swords were knocked away along with their sheaths.

They became fearful and wanted to run away, but he could not allow them to do so, and chased them from behind and ended their lives with a stab to each person.

This was the first time Brendel killed someone.

He did not think at all when he killed them, and his mind was blank when he did so. He felt he was even calmer than his normal self. If he hesitated, Ciel and himself would end up in a dead end, and in this life and death situation, he did not consider what Romaine or Freya would do.

His survival instinct was more than enough to make him do it.

Yet after he killed them, he suddenly felt dizzy as if he could not breath anymore. He tried to steady his body and forced himself to inhale, but he was rooted where he was and could not move. The blood dripped onto the floor.

At that moment, different thoughts went through in his mind and allowed him to gain a perspective on the situation he was in. The fleeting moment of chaos was merely to find an excuse, and when he found one he felt a little better.

“My lord?” Ciel noticed his strange behavior.

Brendel raised his hand to indcate he was fine. Even though he planned to bring the two corpses to the cellar to hide them, he did not have the mood to do so anymore. The best he could do was not to look at their bodies.

He did not develop a fear after killing them, but he could not accept the sudden blow.

Then he suddenly realize there was no XP for killing humans. Even though he desparately needed the XP, he felt consoled by the fact he did not gain any. His mind rejected the notion of getting XP from killing humans.

[No matter what, I am still a human being. Trading a human life for mere XP is not something I can accept.]

“We’re going to move separately now.” Brendel took a deep breath and replied.

“As you command.”

“I’m going to seek the earl and create trouble along the way, you should go to the other end and strike the alarm there.”

Brendel said as he mentally counted one to a hundred in his mind. When he counted to thirty, he had already calmed down.

“Strike the alarm?”

“Have you forgotten what I said? We’re going to attack directly, and the bigger the commotion the better it is.”

“Are we going to go back where we came from?”

“No, we must kill our way out.”

Ciel was flabbergasted: “Why?”

“The guest room is at the fortress’s upper levels. We only have time to escape from there, but if the White-Mane army brings along archers, then we’re going to need Mother Marsha’s blessings.”

Ciel nodded and prepared to leave. He did not ask any further questions. If he had to satisfy his curiosity he did not need to become a squire. The knights and their squires had to be ready for battle with their skill sets.





But Brendel took the initiative and called him: “Wait, why are you in such a hurry?”

“What is it, my lord? Is there anything else?”

“Of course. If you go up the stairs and turn left, you will find a corridor, and there are genuine artifacts towards the end. If you see something that is easy to carry and sell, just feel free to take them.”

“………………….”

Ciel stared at him for a while and finally spoke: “I take back my words, my lord.”

“What words?”

“‘Not everyone can remain unmoved by the treasure in front of them’, it should be, indeed, everyone is moved by the treasure in front of them.”

No, you see Ciel, I have the responsibility to take up on the burden on little Romaine and her aunt. It’s not easy helping a family and it’s a man’s reponsibility and I really have my reasons.

“Please leave your words to the duke, my lord. Please do not worry, I learned appraising in Buga. I’ll pick the most valuable objects.”

Brendel blinked twice, then made a wolfish grin.



* * *





Vol.1 Chapter 49




TL: Unedited.



Chapter 49 – Sword Arte

Since Brendel did not intentionally try to be stealthy, he was discovered at the courtyard in the first level by a patrolling team. The seven guards tried to flank him, but Brendel killed three of them easily and the remaining four scattered, alerting the fortress of an invader.

There was a total of thirty two guards within the fortress, and the majority of them were mercenaries. The leader of the guards was mercenary captain from Randner, with the capability of a mid level Iron-ranked swordsman with commanding abilities.

Thus, when Brendel entered the second level, he was ambushed at the dining hall with eleven guards waiting for him. The first moment he pushed open the door, the central lamp in the hall was lit up, with the archers in the floor above immediately raining their arrows down below.

With such a close distance, the arrows were already at his face once they left the bows, and he was only able to guard his face, chest and abdomen. His gauntles flashed a faint blue and some of lethal arrows were deflected, while several of the arrows brushed across his arms and thighs.





[Fuck!]

Brendel gritted his teeth and cursed. With 4 OZ worth in his physique stats, he was able to automatically turn the lethal damage into normal damage. The wounds that were supposedly inflicted became nothing more than bruises. Even so, the pain he received did not lessen.

If this was a normal situation, Brendel would have chosen another path as he knew that there were going to be guards ambushing him from the floor above. There might have been guards at the stairs at the side sections, but the situation would not be as treacherous as this location.

But this was a different situation.

He swung his sword at diagonally, and a transparent rippling wave came from his blade. A huge crash echoed in the hall as half of it was struck by his sword. The candle-holders, plates and utensils on the long dining table were propelled forward from the wave, while the ceiling’s chandelier exploded into shards. The railings on the corridor cracked and shattered into pieces.

The guards were cut open by the wave and they fell back lifelessly.

‘The White Raven Sword Rave’, Aouine’s Royal Court’s sword arte. This secret technique was a rare ranged ability that a warrior profession could learn in the early period. At level 0, the sword arte was able to reach approximately five meters away, with a even bigger cross-section impact. At level 25, it was able to strike at the enemies hundred of meters away, and it was comparable to a swordsman who had awakened the Elements within him.

The expenditure of this arte merely used 3 points of stamina, a mere fraction when compared to unleashing the Elemental Powers. It was the reason as to why so many people pursued these techniques.

This unworldly attack made the remaining guards in the living room fall into a deathly silence. It was only when a piece of broken wood fell from the second floor onto the ground, that woke everyone from the stupor—

“Knight!”

“A paladin!” (TL: Literally ‘Holy Cathedral knight’, but as people have suggested, it’s paladin.)

“Mother Marsha above! Ser Arnon, let’s retreat!” The guards yelled out as they lost their morale and retreated.

A sword aura was the basic technique of a warrior who had awakened his Elements. According to tradition, the Cathedral of Flames would grant them the official title of a knight, and to differentiate them from the various kingdoms’ conferred title of ‘knights’, they were called Paladins.

Even a tier three ranked swordsman could not fight against the Knights, not to mention ordinary people like them. Unless there were enough people to drain their stamina, there was no use in fighting them.

“It’s not a fucking paladin!” The team leader Arnon pulled his closest aide back as he swore loudly.

[That was a royal swordsman, are we embroiled in some shitty political battle?] (TL: Literally “palace swordsman”)

He lived up as their leader as he was much more experienced than them and guessed otherwise. He even knew the noble lord upstairs was a close courtier to the king. Even though this was not the first time he got involved in a political war, this was the first time he saw a royal swordsman.

[He used the highest grade Royal Arte, and that was one of the powers only the Crown would have. A low Iron-ranked swordsman possessing such power…]

For a single moment, Arnon was envious of him, but he quickly remembered his responsibilities. He raised his head up to check his surroundings. Brendel killed four people with that single strike, and the remaining guards either ran away or were too scared to move.

Arnon did not have any time to feel the loss, and he stood up with a hand gesture as he shouted: “Retreat! Retreat! Find the people of the spiraling staircase and get them to fall back. That place can’t be held anymore, we’re going up to the next floor.”





The remaining guards finally cleared their minds and immediately ran to the doors. Some of them threw away their bow and arrows. Arnon felt demoralized when he saw this scene.

“Fucking hell, these nobles are just made out of trouble!” He cursed as he turned back and slapped the aide who he just pulled back. He screamed at him as the latter shook off the fright: “Inform the Fortress’s camp and sound the alarm, do you understand!”

“Sounding the alarm, but the earl said that was used to warn the entire city right?” The aide was confused.

“Shut the fuck up! If this ‘guest’ dies, we’re all dead, do you hear me?!”

The aide paused and then nodded urgently. He was scared of the enemy having accomplices, so he did not use the staircase, but climbed down using a rope quietly. Even though it took a little more time, it was definitely safer.

He knew which camp Arnon was referring to. There was a group of White-Mane infantry dedicated to the defense of the inner fortress. Even though they usually looked down on each other, he still hoped to see them as quickly as possible.

But before he even saw them, he discovered to his shock that there were two guards wearing deep blue uniform lying dead on the ground. He immediately realized the enemy had allies.

But he was still late, a beam of white light shot from the camp’s second floor, piercing through the aide’s chest. The magic arrow threw the body meters away and struck against a pine tree before it collapsed into a heap.

Ciel stared at the window’s hole for a long time, before confirming that he was completely dead and he had no other allies with him. He took out his watch and looked at the time, then looked back at the rope leading to the watchtower nearby.

Arnon did not know that his aide was killed, or even the team of White-mane infantry was wiped out completely. He still clung on to the hope of his men resisting a little longer until there were reinforcements.

They were currently defending on the staircase which led to the third floor. Behind them was the guest room, and they were cornered with no place to escape to. Even though he looked down on the servants, he envied them as they were able to hide in some random place, while he had to stay behind and defend as he was the leader of the guards.

If the earl was killed under his watch, he would have to change his name and become a bandit.

The young swordsman quickly appeared in front of him.

[A few more minutes left. But it is strange that these people are so weak. I thought I would have a lot of trouble fighting my way through. The leader at at least a mid Iron-ranked swordsman, and he should be the one holding the advantage…]

Brendel estimated the time. There were a few minutes left.

[……. Maybe I’m thinking about this wrongly. I naturally received the techniques that came along with the profession, and I thought that the others would have the same thing. The guards that are stationed here, most of them are comprised of militia members, learned some terrible swordsmanship, and the remaining techniques they have come about from practical battles.]

[No matter what, I can’t be merciful here. These guards understand what it means to protect the earl, and there is no other choice left for us here.]

The archers readied their bows and fired their arrows, and he casually flicked away the arrows. In truth, he only needed to fend off Arnon’s arrow, as the rest of them were no threat to him.

“First squadron, advance!” After seeing that the arrows were of no effect and Brendel was coming closer, Arnon could only steel him and lead his men onwards.

The seven men who were in the first squadron cursed Arnon for being shameless. Why was he not the first one to go up first? Even though they thought they were going to die, a shadow streaked past them.





They turned back subconsciously, only to find that the Death God had bypassed them to their captain—

Arnon came from a military background, and learn Aouine’s formal military swordsmanship but other than that he had not learned any techniques. Despite this, he had crossed blades with a Sun Knight, and know that there was a technique called ‘Charge’, which allowed one to increase his acceleration many times in an instant. He felt the hair on his skin stand up, and he raised his sword up and blocked in front of him. The experience from his countless battles saved him, as two swords clashed together–

“As expected of a mid level Iron-ranked.”

Brendel gauged the opponent in front of him. There was almost no signs of the opponent raising his sword to defend himself, and this was definitely an experienced fighter. A NPC like this in the game caused great trouble to him when he was around level twenty back then.

But he was no longer that novice from before.

Brendel reacted quickly and did not allow his opponent to have a chance to rest. He brought his sword over his head and swung it down.

[Power Break?! Who is this crazy bastard! First he used a Royal Arte, then a knight’s technique, now it was a warrior’s Power Break, has the world gone crazy?!]

Arnon’s heart nearly stopped and the blood in his veins grew cold. If it was someone else, that person would have died without understanding what had happened.

As soon as he saw Brendel’s technique, he did not have the notion to counter-attack anymore, and immediately went into the most defensive stance he knew. When the two swords crossed again, both of their swords bent into an exaggerated form along with a ear-splitting metallic scream. Brendel stood firmly at where he was, while the leader stumbled back seven steps, and nearly fell onto the floor.





Arnon had 9 OZ worth of strength and logically he should be able to tie Brendel down till the reinforcements come, but the situation was different due to the power of the techniques.

With Arnon’s retreat, the guards at both sides finally took action and tried to flank him, but with Brendel’s casual flick, a wind slash struck them and cut many of them down.

He continued to move forward, and Arnon threw the sword in his hand onto the ground without any hesitation and shouted: “I surrender!”

Just as he finished his sentence, the alarm outside rang loudly.

“If you surrender then throw down your weapons and get lost!”

Brendel bellowed.

The guards felt as if they were saved, and they threw the weapons in their hands down and ran away. Their hands were already trembling from the fear, and their last shred of morale was gone when their leader agreed to surrender.



* * *





Vol.1 Chapter 50




TL: Unedited.





Chapter 50 – Earl

The huge brass bell was hung on the giant watchtower in the Pine Fortress, and when it was struck the sound transmitted throughout the city. The ringing sound was like a invisible wave that spread everywhere, and the slumbering streets were infused with energy, and everyone woke up.

There were many who went to the streets in surprise and asked what each other what happened.

Luc Beson who was waiting for news within Fortress Riedon’s soldier camp, heard the alarm clearly from the window. When he turned his head to look at the brightly lit city outside the window, his expression turned. He did not wait for the soldiers to come in with their report, and he pushed the door open and rushed outside, yelling:

“Are you all deaf? Get up right now! Gather up! Let the second and third company follow me to the Pine Fortress immediately. That fucking retard Esebar!”

Everyone looked at each other.

“Commander, the city gate?” Someone asked.





“Are you a moron? Other than that highland knight, who else is able to attack the Pine Fortress. That idiot Esebar hid the news of the prisoners’ escape, now he’s going to face the consequences,” After he vented his anger, his tone was less severe: “If anything happens to that person in that fortress, be prepared to face the king’s wrath. I don’t want to be the scapegoat in this matter if someone is after him, so all of you had better get the target! ”

Everyone was stunned for a moment, before rushing off to get prepared.

Luc Beson sighed.

[But this is a Highland Knight, and with his wizard squire, this will be difficult. The Highland Knights have always been independent, and even during the strongest era of the Corvado’s kingdom, the royal family was unable to control these self-serving bastards. Can we really stop him?]

He cursed Esebar and his female relatives again.

—————————————————————————-

Freya followed the girl and they walked across a very long and dark alley. When she heard the sound of the ringing bell, she turned her head back subconsciously and worry showed on her face.

“What’s the matter?” The girl, Sue, asked.

“Sorry, it’s nothing.”

“A war is coming.” Sue suddenly said.

Freya paused for a moment and looked at her puzzledly.

“The nobles have ordered the bell to ring only where when there’s a war happening. Even though nobody talks about it, but they know everytime the bell rings there will be a war.” Sue said softly.





“You mean to say they know there’s going to be a war soon?”

“They? Are you referring to the nobles? Of course they know, they have their own information network. Usually once the rumors start circulating in the city’s bars, they would have known them already.”

Freya did not reply but clenched her fists tightly. Her eyes stared at the ground, with a cold fury emanating from them.

“Why hasn’t the city reacted?”

“Even if there is an reaction we wouldn’t be able to see it, but the nobles would have prepared for it. Fortress Riedon is a place with strong walls and defended by the kingdom’s army, so the people in the city are not too worried about it. However, the prices of bread and wheat today has increased by ten percent. This is something that is not usually seen.”

“What happens if Fortress Riedon falls?”

“How could that be?”

Freya could not help but recall Brendel’s firm attitude and words. She shook her head to drive the notion away, but she still replied.

“I have a friend who says that Fortress Riedon will fall.”

“Then he must be a liar.” Sue answered calmly.

——————————————————————————————–

After Ciel struck the bell, he moved to the camp’s peak tower. He glanced at the city’s river from the wall, then watched the street as soldiers gathered there. He was not able to ascertain the faction of these troops due to the darkness, but he guessed that they were the nobles’ private armies.

His foremost concern was not these troops, so he surveyed his surroundings again, and spotted a suitable location after a while. It was an area within the fortress. He lit the witch’s candle in his hand and recalled Brendel’s method.

“Et’ham.”





The first syllable invoked the Dark Abyss’s powers, governed by the Twin Goddess Iren. This particular power was used by the witches as a medium to invoke the candle’s power. Ciel raised the candle up, allowing the light to travel approximately fifteen meters away.

He picked a tree in his mind and he was instantly dragged forth into a path of light. When he came back to his senses, he found he was at the top of the tree.

“Incredible. As expected of the witches.” Ciel glanced around and he picked another tree. (TL: I’m currently missing the Names Glossary txt file as I have not searched for it. Names and locations might not be accurate.)

After repeating seven or eight times, the candle in Ciel’s hand had burned to the point where only a small stump remained. He raised the candle a final time and selected a fortress’s window, and he was covered in darkness when he traveled to the area.

He shook his head to drive off the dizzy feeling that was caused by candle. He could faintly hear the fighting sounds in the area that was in front of him.

[It’s a little late, but that should be fine. My lord has already given me some leeway.] Ciel comforted himself, but he did not know Brendel wanted to stab him with his sword for failing to appear.

—————————————- A few minutes ago—————————————-

When Brendel pushed open the heavy oak door, he did not see the Earl whom he expected to hide in one corner and shiver. The room was well lit by the candles that were made from suet, and the latter was sitting comfortably on a couch. He wore a formal woolen attire that was ironed to the point where there was not even a wrinkle on it. He raised his head and looked at Brendel with a haughty look, and in front of him was the Elven sword.

Brendel was slightly surprised at this scene. He did not think that the Earl was this brave, but immediately became cautious after thinking it through.

[He’s not even affected in the least bit. Something is wrong.]

“I didn’t think it was you, lad. I thought it was the assassins from the trash factions in Acobs Fortress– Ahh, but you could also be the assassin that they hired. Please, tell me the truth.” The middle-aged man furrowed his brows but his tone was even.

[Acobs Fortress? This bastard isn’t with the Royal faction?] Brendel’s mind was whirling in confusion, but he shook his head.

“I’m afraid not, your Lordship. But if you would cooperate with me, I’m not interested in killing you, to tell the truth.”

“Oh? You’re not interested in killing me? Then I must thank you, but it’s such a pity. I’m very interested in killing you-” Before his words ended, a crossbow suddenly appeared in the middle-aged man’s hands; Brendel’s eyes caught the arrow with a ghastly blue gleam and realized there was poison on it.

But he was already prepared as he knew the nobles’ tricks very well. He knocked the arrow away with his sword with a ear-piercing clink, and before he had the time to relax, he heard a rushing wind behind him. He subconsciously blocked the attack with his sword—

There was a loud crashing sound.

Brendel was thrown onto a shelf at the wall and he was smashed against it. After a continuous series of wooden din, he climbed out of the wreckage with gritted teeth.

[An Iron high-ranking swordsman. Fuck. He still ambushed me too. Have you no shame? If it’s not for the fact there’s fucking SOBs in the game that didn’t know the meaning of shame, I’m dead meat!]

Brendel felt the fear rushing at him when he got up, that was a close shave for him. He calculated the risk in his mind again, an opponent of this caliber was troublesome.

[15 OZ worth of strength. Even if I used power break I might not get the upper hand.]

But his opponent and the middle-aged man were also shocked. Their ambush which should have worked, failed completely. Even though Brendel was appearing to be in shabby condition, but everyone knew that the wounds on him did not really mean anything.

The middle-aged man furrowed his brows again, but spoke mockingly after a while: “I didn’t expect a maggot-looking commoner to have some capabilties, but this doesn’t change the ending.”

He picked up the Elven sword from the table and laughed coldly.

“You should have already noticed my guard’s abilities. You’re not his match. But it’s quite obvious, how could a dirty commoner like yourself own a treasure like this? How about a trade, cut off your disgusting hand that touched this sword, give me your two companions and I’ll let you live. I promise I’ll treat them well enough, at least comparable to dogs, hahahaha–”

He said as he laughed manically.

Brendel’s breath was released in a cold mist, a blazing fury growing in his eyes and his entire demeanor changed.

Even though he knew the earl was antagonizing him on purpose, he could not suppress the rage that was brewing within him. In this world, Romaine and Freya were the earliest people that he met, and everyone in the third militia squadron, had become precious to him.

And the other’s Brendel’s grandfather had become his biggest driving force in this world.

[How can I let you continue spew all these fucking nonsense!]

The fingers on his sword turned white from his grip.

The other two men looked delighted from Brendel’s expression, and the middle aged man gestured with his hands behind his back.

“Ulysses, corner him!” The middle-aged man commanded him.





The tall swordsman immediately pressed forward. His skill in the sword was considerable, and there were no openings in his attacks. He smirked as he saw Brendel’s body leaning forward and adopting the most aggressive stance in the military swordsmanship, and his eyes were on the middle-aged man.

It was a mistake for Brendel to be so impulsive.

Ulysses moved even closer, waiting for a chance to get a clean kill. He could almost see the opening in Brendel’s side.

“Ulysses!” The middle-aged man suddenly shouted and Ulysses suddenly spotted an opening in Brendel’s flank as his attention was taken away.

The grin in Ulysses had not appeared fully, and Brendel’s silver ring on his thumb was in front of him—

“Oss!”

There was no chance to evade. Tendrils of air converged onto one point and formed spiraling lances, directly striking his face, chest and abdomen, and they were bent in a bizarre way. The immense wind pressure smashed him into the ceiling and there was a loud explosive sound. The candle flames were all extinguished and the room immediately dimmed. Gravel and concrete bits fell down, along with body parts and blood.

Before the middle-aged man was able to respond from this sudden change, a sword was placed at his neck

“Speak, how exactly do you want to die.” Brendel asked coldly.

“…… You dare to kill me?” The middle-aged man pushed down his fear and said.

“Why would I not dare to do so?”

“I’m Earl Dunn, one of the important minister serving the king directly. Do you intend to be enemies with the entire Aouine?” Dunn’s eyes were like a poisonous snake as he glared at Brendel. “Not only you, your companions will be subject to the same crime.”

Brendel paused for a while and fell into deep silence.

Dunn continued to speak.

“I can release you and your companions, but for the sake of my reputation, you must leave your Elven sword behind.” Even though Dunn promised him, his eyes were full of deep hatred.

Brendel finally let out a mirthful laugh. He looked condescendingly at Dunn as if he was a moron. “Your lordship, just what exactly did you think I was doing?”

Dunn paused.

“I was thinking, some living creatures are just hopelessly stupid, even when death comes knocking on their fucking door, they don’t even realize that.” Brendel shook his head: “Killing an important minister? Escaping from prison? Nobody would even care about these trifling things, because history will be written like this—”

“In the year of the bustling flowers and summer leaves, the sixth month on the second morning, Madara’s army conquered Fortress Riedon. Earl Dunn, the Golden Apple Lord and the captain of the White-Mane army, Luc Beson unfortunately perished in the lines of battle for the kingdom.”

“I, am nothing more than a guest here.”

Dunn’s eyes went wide as he looked at Brendel as if he saw a ghost.

“Do you think I’m lying to you? I don’t have the mood to joke with you. Since you’re unwilling to cooperate, then it’s time to lend me your head.” Brendel finished speaking and lopped Dunn’s head off.





* * *





Vol.1 Chapter 51




TL: Unedited.



Chapter 51 – Wealth

Brendel fell down onto the ground on his butt.

The series of battles had caused him to go weak in his knees, and there were no real advantages to be gained from them, and these actions that he took did not match his personality at all.

His eyes were randomly cast upon Dunn’s headless body, and then he stopped moving. His eyes were glued on the ring on his middle finger.

This ring was a long snake biting its tail in the form of an ‘O’ letter, and Brendel’s eyes went wide with shock.

“Fuck me, are you serious?! This bastard is a member of ‘Origin’?” His hand went for the ‘Thorn of light’ on the table, but he was late by a heartbeat: The snake on the ring moved and twisted, then a chilling voice echoed in the room.





“Very good, you bastard. Even though I don’t know who you are, you will not live for long—”

The shrieking voice abruptly started and ended. If Brendel did not know what this organization was, he might have thought he was hearing things.

[Origin… This organization is similar to the ‘Tree Shepherd’, except they are even more mysterious than the latter. Back then in the game’s history when Saint Orso overturned Aouine, they were already present. No one knew what their goal was, but more than half of the in-game high level missions were related to this organization—]

Brendel knew that the high level members in this organization were able to sense each through the ‘Ouroboros’ ring. Once someone died, the members would immediately know and choose a new person to replace him.

And what awaited next was endless revenge.

“Damn it. These bunch of bastards again, Mother Marsha, are you toying with me?” Brendel got up with the support of the Elven sword. He had a difficult time in the end game as he had also killed one of the high ranking members, and the circumstances surrounding it was similar to what happened here.

“My lord, are you in here?” When Ciel arrived the battle was over, but he thought his lord would have easily ended things and wanting him to gather here was nothing more than a polite instruction.

But Brendel’s anger boiled over when he heard the voice. If he wasn’t alert enough, Ciel would have seen a corpse or turned back into a card after he died.

He throw a piece of the rubble at him, and the surprised apprentice dodged to one side.

“Woah! My lord, please listen to my explanation—”

“Save it. Don’t do that again.” Brendel’s feelings were soothed after he scolded Ciel. There was at least one advantage for him right now. Madara would raze this place to the ground and ‘Origin’ would have a hard time finding out who killed Dunn. Even their organization was big, but they were not omniscient.

With that thought in mind, he felt much calmer. If they could not find him, then they would not be able to exact their revenge.

“How many mana potions are left?” Brendel asked.

“I didn’t use one at all, but I’m really drained.” The young man smiled shyly as he did not wish to say that he did not use them as they were too precious.

Brendel cast a disapproving look.





“We’re going up to the rooftop, drink one potion on the way up. This mana potion isn’t instant, and before the next battle begins, I want to see you revived with completely recovered stats.”

“What is ‘revived with completely recovered stats.’?”

“It’s very simple. A wizard without mana has no difference from a dead person. When your mana is full, you’re revived with recovered stats.”

“Even that’s a little cruel, but it seems like it’s true from a certain point of view.” Ciel nodded.

“Naturally. Do you think I have the time to bullshit with you?” Even though Brendel was not a wizard, he was still able to teach Ciel till he was at least level 40. But he felt a little puzzled.

[Why is this guy and Babasha placing so much importance on these mana potions? Even though it’s slightly expensive, there is no need to treat it with so much importance right?]

“My lord’s words are very right.” Ciel was completely convinced.

Brendel walked over to Dunn and brought the Elven sword near to his corpse. There was a glimmering light on the sword that looked like it was able to reveal the color of the blood on Dunn’s clothes.

Brendel frowned and thought back on everything, then nodded.

“My lord, what are you doing?”

“I’m saving myself.”

“Saving yourself?”

“Stop wasting time and follow me. Tell me what you discovered too.” Brendel knew that he could not let Ciel to be proud of his achievements, otherwise there would be mistakes made the next time.

As the two of them moved off, Ciel reported what he saw to Brendel. When he heard that the nobles’ armies were gathered outside this fortress, he was worried and pleased at the same time. It was going to be difficult to escape from so many people, but on the other hand Freya and Romaine’s situation would be much easier. Even though he wanted to let them grow on their own, he was still worried about the girls.

After walking for a while, he suddenly remembered something.

“Ah, right. Ciel, what about the things I told you to do?”

“What task is that?”

“A task where a highland knight requested his squire to gather some stuff so that he could pay for living expenses.”

Ciel got excited when he remembered it: “My lord, I picked up some wonderful stuff.”

“With my lord’s expertise, I’m sure you have heard the name Lamona, the little princess of Saint Osor. But her most famous reputation isn’t this title, it was during the time in Kirrlutz where she worked as a court artist. She painted Vaunte and the artwork’s name is ‘The voice of the souls’. She was a founder of an artistic style and was a grandmaster. I truly did not expect this earl to be such a fan of her work. There were many treasures in his collection.”

“No, I have never heard of this name. I am only interested in how much it can sell for.” Brendel shook his head. Most of the gamers are more interested in grabbing gold and silver artifacts. When he thought about it they were really like barbarians.

“Such uncivilized behavior, my lord, uncivilized!” Ciel shook his head with distaste. “But it should be fine to sell this in the black market for a few million coins.”





“Barely passable.”

Ciel was a little crestfallen when he saw they he did not have the same hobby as Brendel, but he still tried to be enthusiastic and took out a book from his magic bag. “My lord, I also got this book.”

“What is this?”

“This is a book to keep magic cards. There is something special within this,” The squire took a card out after he opened the book: “Look at this my lord.”

Brendel had guess what it was when he saw the card, but he was only able to confirm that it was a Card of Fate after Ciel passed it over to him.

It was a green colored card which represented the wind series. There was a ‘X’ on it on the top left hand corner, while there was a triangular shape with glowing lights painted on the card. There were different lines on the three corners—

Ta’m – Target of the spell

Stau – The magic to invoke the spell

Ee – The eyes of the god that governed magic.

The required cost to use this card was three wind crystals.

Brendel flipped the card and used his system on it.

(Magic Control)

(The High Tower X)

(Wind element 3)

(Instant spell)

(Choose a target for the spell and choose another target to receive the energy.)

(Your magic shall be controlled by the High Tower guard, Ordo.)





Ciel observed Brendel’s expression and explained when he found an appropriate time for it. “This is a rare White Magic card, my lord. It looks like we have good luck.”

“A White Magic Card?” Brendel asked.

“It means that there are no prerequisites in using this card.”

“It doesn’t need a cost to use this?”

“No, my lord. There are many magic spells and cards in the Cards of Fate. Other than the basic land cards, you have to under a certain condition. The knight cards, as an example, can only be used by knights or warriors who walks ‘The path of bravery’, so my lord is able to use that.”

“And a white magic card can be used by anyone?”

“Exactly, my lord.”

Brendel rubbed his forehead. He remembered the scene in Gerald’s tomb and wondered if there was anything related to this. He had never heard of these cards in the game, and today was the first time where he thought about this in detail.



* * *





Vol.1 Chapter 52




TL: Unedited.

Chapter 52 – Little Romaine couldn’t possibly take such a risk

Romaine raised her head and looked at the wooden signature board. Her face was slightly flushed under the cold night air. Even though it was early summer, the temperature in the highland area during the night time was very low.

The wooden signature board had turned black from decades of rain and wind, and on it was a running horse. She did not recognize the words on them but she guessed she was at the right place. Both her hands were placed on her precious bag, and she rubbed her leather boots together.

[This should be the place right? That ‘Running Horse Inn’ or something?]

With the alarm that came from a distant place, a group of patrol troops passed by her. The merchant girl was not afraid and curiously observed them. and watched them leave the area. When the alarm finally stopped ringing, she let out a small sigh and stepped into the inn.

The owner of the inn was a dwarf. He appeared exactly like the Dwarves depicted in stories, with a long bush beard with wheat color, and they were braided together. On the dwarf’s neck were bronze chains. Intricate patterns and Dwarven words were carved on the chain rings, depicting the family name, birth and given name.





Famous family names like ‘Firebeard’, ‘Rocksigil’, ‘Orichalheart’ would even create the precious and heavy gold chain for each member.

These chains were a proud symbol just like their beards, and the Dwarven families had centuries of history along with them. They would gladly wear the chain around and let the jangling chains sound out loudly. It was a rare sight for a dwarf to appear in the human society, and the inn’s owner, Khodrum Barrock, made use of this notion and dressed himself up like a person of great importance, as well as spreading rumors through the use of coins. Many people visited this mysterious dwarf and his business naturally got better and better.

Khodrum wore a robe made of silk today, with three ruby rings on his stubby fingers, as well as a cat-eye stone ring and an emerald ring. He had a nephew, a human, and was able to establish further relations with them. As to why the dwarf had a human nephew, no one really knows.

But his nephew who was serving in the white-mane’s army was currently discussing with him in private along with his companion. The three of them had been talking for a little while.

“You’re saying if I see a lass I should agree to any of her requests? Why is that? If she wants my entire fortune, am I supposed to give it too? No, no this suggestion sounds just too stupid.” The Dwarven boss shook his head forcefully and grumbled.

“Uncle Khodrum, please listen to me properly. I’m not asking you to give her anything other than to prepare a horse cart for her. Don’t alarm her and prepare another horse cart so we can follow her from behind.”

“Only horse carts?” Khodrum looked suspiciously at his nephew with his beady eyes.

“Of course.”

“Fine, will she pay?”

The young man sighed, but knowing his uncle’s temperament, he quickly added on: “Of course she will, but don’t haggle with her too much and raise the price too high. Please don’t frighten her away, and if uncle helps me out, I’ll be able to take the credit of capturing her!”

“I don’t really understand, but you mean that you like that lass? I can consider give you a 0.5 % discount.”

“N-no! It’s something like this, this girl is actually a spy from Madara. She and her companions escaped from prison and should be seeking to leave the fortress as soon as possible. Captain Luc Beson tasked us to look at the paths that they would escape from.”

“Then why don’t you capture her directly?” Khodrum asked in curiosity.

Puck rubbed his temples. “Uncle Khodrum, she still has her companions, and in order to capture all of them, we want to follow her and catch them when their guard is down. Do you understand?”

“Not really.”

“Okay, in any case, I’ll top up the money if she pays any less. Please be at ease, uncle Khodrum.”

“Get her guard down, satisfy her request? I understand that.” The dwarf nodded.





Even though he had to nitpick at everything, the speed at which he cleared the task was very fast. He called the workers over and ordered them, then informed his nephew: “I already prepared everything. When is the girl going to come?”

“I’m not sure but I hope she’s going to come over to our side first, I don’t want to see that bastard Granzon looking down on me.” The young man sighed, then suddenly felt his companion patting his back with everything he had. He turned his head and saw Romaine. He immediately jumped up and pushed the dwarf towards the front.

“That’s her, she’s coming! Quick, uncle, everything depends on you!”

“Relax, young man. Don’t push me like a sack of potatoes, I have been doing this for thirty years and I know what to do.” Khodrum did not forget to brag.

When Romaine came in, she was looking all over the place with great interest. She had never seen a building that was mainly made out of rocks. She felt something familiar when she saw the pillars and walls, but then she spotted the dwarf whose beard nearly reached the ground.

“Are you a midget?” She asked.

“No, I’m a Dwarven person.” The inn’s boss corrected her.

“Mr Dwarven, are you the boss here?”

“I am a dwarf, not Mr Dwarven. Lass, do you understand the difference? And yes, I’m the boss.”

“I would like to rent a horse cart, do you rent them here?”

“Of course, what do you think I do here?”

“Do I need to pay?” Romaine was still looking curiously at the store.

“That’s a given thing. Doing a business has a transaction of coins and goods. We calculate the days of how long the guests want to rent them for, but strictly speaking, a horse rental inn typically rents them out for only a day. If the horse cart is damaged because of the guest, we will have to seek payment for it. Furthermore, our drivers have the right to refuse any orders that might harm their lives. When this particular rule and that particular rule occur…..” Khodrum spoke without stopping when it came to business.

“How much do I need to pay if I want to rent for half a day?”

“Thirty coins.”

Romaine took out a blue-grayish pouch, turned it over and shook it. There were three copper coins on her hand. She raised her head and asked without any change on her face: “I only have this much, can I still rent the horse cart?”

“You can rent a horse wheel……..” Was what Khodrum wanted to say, but he suddenly recalled his nephew’s words, so he changed his tune stiffly. “Fine, even though this is short, lass, when do you want the cart?”

“I want it now. How do I get to the horse cart?”

“The cart is right behind. Here is your card number. Take it and you can find the right cart. Well, do you need me to bring you over?” Khodrum passed the copper card over in pain. He had not done a business transaction where he did it a loss for many years.

“Nope. I still have my friends waiting out there, and I have to ask them for their opinions. Can we finish the transaction now?”

“Of course. Finishing a transaction is my favorite thing in the world.” Khodrum dabbed his forehead. This transaction violated his principles in the worst ways. But for the sake of his nephew and his coins, he accepted it grudgingly.

Puck and his companion watched Romaine leave with satisfaction, and they ran out and he pulled his uncle and asked.

“Did you manage to do it?”

“Certainly, just think who your uncle Khodrum is? I have made transactions with man-eating devils before.” The dwarf described everything that had transpired, but Puck smacked his forehead and yelled. “Marsha above, Uncle Khodrum, what are you doing, she definitely knows we’re here! She won’t sit in your horse cart. We have messed things up!”

“What’s wrong?”





“Uncle, which merchant would do business at a loss, operating at a tenth of the original cost, you overdid things uncle! She must have suspected from the very beginning, what else did she say?” The young man had a grim expression as he did not expect his uncle to mess things up with his good intentions.

“She said she had to seek her companions opinions.”

“Companions?” Puck looked at his partner and they went out immediately. The dwarf shouted behind them.

“I say, wait, you two little wankers, where’s my promised money!”

He was fuming.

“These youngsters nowadays have no respect for the elderly.” When he looked back, he saw one of his worker running over.

“Boss, the horse cart that you arranged has driven away.”

“The horse cart that I arranged, what cart?” Khodrum looked at his worker in confusion.

“The horse cart which you said to fulfill any requests that the girl wants. That girl is really pretty and polite. Is she Master Puck’s lover?”

“What!” The dwarf looked at the worker as if he was going to kill him.

……………………………………………………….

“Miss, where are we going to?”

The horse cart advanced forward with the wheels turning against the rocks. The monotonous sounds were accompanied with the scenery changing quickly, and the girl looked on with interest. But she replied quickly-

“I like the scenery around here, can we go to the south gate? Then let’s go one round to the north gate? Is there anything of interest around here?”

“Of course. We should pass by the Knight Everton’s residence.”

“Everton? Who’s that?”

“Knight Everton was a famous hero……….”





……………………………………………………………………….

Brendel and Ciel climbed up to the peak tower of the Pine Fortress. They took in a sharp breath when they saw the troops surrounding the fortress. The disorganized mercenaries had lit up their torch in a random order, and it looked like there were stars on the ground, forming a fiery dragon that coiled around the fortress.

The private army of the nobles had already broken through the gate and were advancing in the courtyard. The wind bullet that caused a loud explosive earlier had alerted them and they prepared to attack with force.

Both of Brendel and Ciel’s faces were slightly pallid. It would be a miracle if they managed to escape from this. Even though they could rely on the gargoyle, but it might not be able to fly high enough.

Brendel held his breath as he felt that things were spiraling out of his calculations. He pointed at another fiery dragon that was appearing in the distance: “Do you see that? The white-mane army is also coming over-”

“I wish that I didn’t see that, my lord.”

“That’s true.”



* * *





Vol.1 Chapter 53




TL: Unedited.

Chapter 53 – The line between life and death

“Ser Esebar, take a look at this.” The leader of the mercenaries handed the brass telescope over to the noble after using it.

The Golden Apple Lord sat steadily on an Arreck horse.

Aouine’s cavalry troops once used them as the main choice as war horses, but they eventually switched to the double-footed flying dragons. Despite the change, the nobles still used rode the horses to represent their status.

Esebar received the telescope and looked into the distance with it, then passed to his ally, the businessman Burnley with an impassive face.

The Golden Apple Lord was not too anxious. Even if Earl Dunn died on their territory, the only thing that would get affected was merely their reputation. The nobles in this area prized actual power over reputation, and if the king sought someone to blame, it was naturally the bastard Luc Beson who was at fault, not the gentlemen here.





In fact, he wanted the Earl to get into an accident, but he did not dare to do anything that was too obvious. Right now, he merely gathered his private army and prepared to attack the keep.

But he needed to capture the person who invaded the fortress. If White-Mane army captured the invader instead, and if they doctored the military records, the responsibility would fall onto him.

Burnley took the telescope with a smile, looked through it and said: “There are people on the tower’s peak.”

“Makavu, get some archers over. Their status must be at least a white rank because the opponent is a Iron-ranked swordsman.” The Golden Apple Lord pointed at the top of the tower as he instructed the leader of the mercenaries.

“Understood, Ser Esebar. Just wait and see. Regardless of whether he’s a Iron-ranked swordsman or a Highland Knight, we will definitely turn him into a body filled with arrows.” The mercenary leader answered and left immediately.

The nobles’ private armies split into two lines, allowing their leader to ride run over. Not far away the riders rode on their horses over from the river noisily, and the scenery was filled with chaotuc dancing light.

The Golden Apple Lord narrowed his eyes: “These riders are really crass.”

“If they appeared here, does that mean that Earl Dunn is—” Burnley gestured with his hand across his neck with a beaming face.

“Hmph. A second generation from the Les Brulais family. The king favors him because of his lips. Thanks to that, he thinks nothing of the other ministers and everyone hates him because of his arrogance. Dying in the streets is a very normal thing for him.” The Golden Apple Lord snorted from his nose.

“This man is a reputed archaeologist who can identify items. The king looks favorably on him because of this.” Burnley corrected his partner’s mistake.

“He’s nothing more than a fool.”

A scout reported in while the two men discussed. The rider came to them with a weary war horse and he spoke: “My lord, the White-Mane army is here.”

“Oh? How many?” The Golden Apple Lord asked.

“Twenty of them. They appear to be the vanguard.”





“Block them outside.” He pointed with his horse whip and ordered the scout.

“Understood.”

As soon as the rider left, another came up to him and reported: “My lord, the archers are ready.”

The Golden Apple Lord nodded: “That should be enough. Get Granzon to break the fortress as soon as possible. I suspected they had the ability to fly a long time ago. Looks like my guess isn’t wrong, and this time we will definitely get them.”

“That is a Highland knight. How are you going to take care of it?” Burnley asked.

“This is originally a difficult thing, but since they killed that idiot so openly, even if he is a member of the White Knights on active duty, no one can save him.”

The Golden Apple Lord watched as a black figure landed on the tower’s peak, which then carried the two and flew over the soldiers’ heads. He looked at his soldiers and saw them readying their bows. With a whistle, the order was given and hundreds of arrows fired at the same time—

“Ahhhh, my lord! They have archers!” Ciel shook to his left and right as he yelled in fright.

“Cut the crap, I can see them with my own eyes!” Brendel answered gloomily. He struck down an arrow with his sword, and the force that transmitted over from it numbed his fingers slightly. His heart sank as he realized the opponents had Iron-ranked archers. The arrows flew at them from all angles and struck the gargoyle’s wings, and if they continued to go near them, he would have no way to handle the arrows.

“Fly to the ground.” He commanded with a low growl.





“Fly down?” Ciel’s eyes were wide open as he thought that his lord had become insane.

[We’re going to die!!!]

“We can’t fly back over and we can’t go back. We are completely surrounded by his men. If that is the case, we should fight our way out, perhaps we have a chance at surviving.” Brendel said calmly and stared at the immense crowd on the ground.

“My lord, you gamble too much.”

“Believing in your strength is called bravery, placing your fate on luck is called reckless. There is a fine line between these two things, and the key is to know how to walk on it. This is one of my motto in the game, remember this well.” Brendel replied as he looked at his squire.

“Game?”

“Didn’t I tell you this before? Life is like a game, a game is like life.” Brendel suddenly laughed as the weight lifted from his chest, and felt never more awake in his life.

The gargoyle flew lower while the whistling air passed by the two men. They were almost able to see the archers clearly by now. Another whistle resounded in the air, and another volley of arrows came at them. Brendel desperately tried to block them all, but an arrow slipped by and drew blood from his side.

The gargoyle turned a full circle and drew most of the firepower away. It boasted one of the highest defence as a level twenty creature, and even a fully charged strike from Brendel’s ring did not manage to bring it down completely. These arrows did not damage it in the slightest.

Unfortunately, the agility in the air was nothing special, otherwise Brendel could order it to use various aerial maneuvers to bring them out of the siege. He thought for a while before taking a ruby out from his pouch. He had taken it from the Dunn’s corpse.

“Is your mana at full capacity?”

“Yes.”

“Then conjure a bow for me.”

“Bow?” Ciel was momentarily stunned as he took the ruby. “My lord, I suggest to conjure a shield rather than a bow.”

“Offense is the best defense.”

“Then leave it to me-” The wizard apprentice nodded and raised the ruby. “Projection ability, conjure a bow with an equivalent exchange!” Countless light beams poured from the ruby and curved around it, then formed into a longbow.

The longbow had no physical body, and was merely formed with leylines of magic. The string and the two corners of bow were written with complicated sigils and represented the laws of magic. The conceptual body of the bow was a principle of magic, and it was paid by converting the energy in precious gems. It did not require an arrow to fire a projectile.

“My willpower can only allow this bow to fire four times.” Ciel said as he handed the bow over to Brendel.

“Let’s try it out.”

The third volley of arrows came again—

“What is this monster?” The Golden Apple Lord pointed at the dark creature with immense wings. Burnley’s eyes glinted, but he did not reply.

“That is a gargoyle, my lord. It is a masterpiece of Buga’s smiths, a type of war puppet.”

It was a mercenary who replied politely.

“That is a gargoyle?” The Golden Apple Lord’s expression changed. He drew in a deep breath. He had heard of Karsuk’s highland wizards were a connection left behind by Buga’s archmagi, and it appeared that the rumors were somewhat valid. His heart started calculating. It was still fine to offend a highland knight, but Buga’s archmagi were something else entirely.

“Ser Esebar, we have no choice.” Burnley’s eyes changed a little and tried to persuade him.

The Golden Apple Lord suddenly turned back and looked at him, and Burnley suddenly realized that he overdid things. The fat businessman laughed and shook his head. “But it is true that Buga’s wizards are not people to be trifled with-”

The Golden Apple Lord raised his head and felt uneasy.





Brendel and Ciel landed on the ground without suffering any additional injuries. Another volley of arrows came again, and Brendel cut them down with his sword. As soon as the raining arrows ended, he sheathed the sword and brought the bow up as he jumped onto the gargoyle’s back and they flew towards the archers.

Makavu was in the midst of the archers. He almost could not believe his eyes when he saw Brendel flying up from the ground area, but his experience in the myriad battles in his history brought about a sense of danger when he realized there was a gargoyle.

He immediately shouted to his vice captain: “It’s close enough, have the archers fire at will!”

The soldiers understood the meaning, and the riders from the sides prepared to surround the area.

The soldiers fired again—

Brendel took in another deep breath. There was no need for any bow techniques with the conjured bow, but he had trouble balancing himself on the flying creature. He aimed for a few seconds, then lightly released the bowstring. A white beam of light shot into the throng of soldiers five meters away from Makavu, shattering the rocks nearby into pebbles.

“Oh.” Ciel sighed as he watched.

Brendel did not panic and became even steady. He pulled the bow again and this arrow pierced two archers behind Makavu and the arrow exploded in the vicinity, hurting the soldiers around the area of impact.

He pulled the bow again. Makavu was already retreating in a hurry as he mistook Brendel for a wizard.

This arrow brought the vice-captain down from his horse. Brendel was becoming more accurate.

[This is the last arrow. They are about to counter attack!]

Brendel’s eyes followed Makavu with a grimace as he wormed into the crowd. He hesitated before unleashing the arrow into the archers, causing the arrow to explode. Due to the tightly packed area, four of them died, and the archers retreated.

Because of the chaos, there was an opening as they fled in different directions.

The gargoyle turned around and grabbed Ciel. This had given Brendel a little time and he felt that his judgment was correct. He then ordered the gargoyle to fly past them. Just when he thought everything was fine, a lasso came from the crowd and accurately looped around one of the Gargoyle’s wings.

Brendel was shocked and he turned his head around to spot the mercenary leader, Makavu.

Because of the unexpected turn of events, the gargoyle flew unsteadily in an arch, then descended nearby into the river. Makavu cried out in delight and released the rope. He did not care about his bloody palms and yelled out: “Now! Capture them!”

The situation suddenly changed.



* * *





Vol.1 Chapter 54




TL: Unedited.

Chapter 54 – Breakthrough

The gargoyle skidded against the soft river ground ten over meters after it was forced down. The damage against this monstrous creature was minor, but Brendel and Ciel were hurled towards the ground with considerable impact.

The nobles’ soldiers around them immediately became excited once they landed on the ground, and they swarmed towards them like angry insects. Even though they were a bunch of low ranking mobs, the riders’ charge made them look terrifying. After Ciel stood up from the ground and shook off the sand, he received a shock after looking at his surroundings and immediately asked: “My lord, what should we do now?”

Brendel pulled his leg out from the mud and drew his sword. He yelled: “Cut the crap, create a wall now!”

This was the classic strategy of Aouine’s wizards against the riders. The players’ strategies gradually evolved from this basic spell as it was effective against inexperienced riders.





Ciel immediately understood and used a ruby and pointed to the front: “To halt, to counter, Wall of creation—” Strings of light extended everywhere and formed a wall. The strings of light disappeared and a firm wall made of air was created.

Most of the riders had no idea what it was and they charged forward. There were a few experienced soldiers who split into two directions while Makavu tried to command his troops to circle the enemies, but the noise created from the galloping horses drowned his voice.

The first row of riders crashed into the wall of air. The horses knelt onto the ground, while the riders were thrown upwards and crashes into the wall. The next row of riders trampled onto the first row and then stumbled to the ground. As the third row crashed onto the second row, the increasing pressure shattered the wall of air, and suddenly a great number of the corpses were propelled forward and landed near Brendel’s feet.

This happened in a single instant, and the forceful impact frightened even Brendel and Ciel. They took a step backwards involuntarily.

Makavu cursed in anger from behind. The first row of riders were immediately killed, and the second row of riders were heavily injured. The third row of riders were mostly incapacitated and could not join back in the fray. Twenty odd men were never going to come back and rejoin his army, and he felt heartbroken by that fact.

He clenched his teeth and quickly bandaged his bloodied hands, then charged forth with a brandished greatsword. There were still ten over veteran riders remaining and he needed to lead them personally to suppress the two enemies in front, until the footmen were able to catch up with them.

[We need to target that wizard! If he continues to use his magic it would spell disaster for us!]

Makavu waved his greatsword twice, signalling his men to spread out and surround the enemies. He was fuming slightly when he saw their hesitant behavior. Each one of them was at least an Iron-rank, but when it came to the critical moment they were reluctant to advance.

“Charge! Attack as one!” Makavu understood he needed to spur them despite his anger.

He did not know that Brendel had been observing him for quite some time already.





[I fought more than enough times to know what you’re thinking. There’s no need to try and hide your tactics.] Brendel watched Makavu advance on an Arreck horse as he continued to issue out commands.

He spat out the sand in his mouth and tapped Ciel’s shoulder, then pointed to Makavu.

“See that man, coordinate with me at the right moment with a magic arrow.”

Ciel immediately shook his head. “He’s on a horse and I’m not that accurate.”

“No problem, you don’t need to worry about mana conservation, if you miss just keep on shooting.”

“Then it should be fine.”

Brendel checked the riders in his surroundings, grabbed his sword’s hilt and readied himself. After Makavu and his riders circled once, Makavu raised his sword just like he expected.

[He’s preparing to charge with everyone.]

Thirty meters.

Twenty meters.

Brendel was waiting for a chance like this. He went into a stance and unleashed his sword from the scabbard. Light burst forth along with a violent gust. Makavu saw the translucent ripple spreading forth along the ground, dragging pebbles along its path. Even though he had never seen the royal court’s sword style, he recognized that danger was coming towards him. He immediately jumped high up from his horse.

As he went up in mid-air, Brendel’s technique swept past the Arreck horse, and the giant horse suddenly stumbled forward and collapsed into a heap.

Its four limbs were severed.

Makavu drew a cold breath as he thought of a term.

[Sword aura—]

But before he could finish his thoughts, a beam of white light pierced through the air and struck his chest. A second beam stabbed his shoulder, the third beam impaled his abdomen, and the final beam of light went past him. Makavu changed directions three times before crashing down onto the sand lifelessly.

This sudden change made the riders pull their reins. They were not shocked by Makavu’s death, but by the technique displayed before them. It was a signature move used by paladins. Their expressions changed into fear as they wondered who the young man was.

“You’re quite accurate.” Brendel sheathed his sword.

“Ho ho. But this credit belongs to my lord.” Ciel answered with a straight face.

Brendel smiled when he heard that. He checked the scenery in front of him. Even though the riders were stunned into inaction, he could not relax as he saw the shadows from the infantry in the Long Spear Forest.

He exhaled as he rearranged his plan. He looked to the north as he realized the only chance was in that direction. He was not sure whether he was able to pull it off but he pointed in that direction and yelled: “Wstry (Advance forth)!”

[If I don’t have any attack commands for the gargoyle, then I’ll use the move command as a substitute.]

The Golden Apple Lord watched the events unfold from a high view. His face was contorted into an ugly expression. Even though these troops were not elites, he had paid for them, especially Makavu. Even though he was a low-born, he was a strong commander and a capable fighter.





“A highland knight is indeed a highland knight. I didn’t really believe in the rumors of the legendary prowess of the White Knight army, but it looks like that was no falsity in it.” Burnley said with a smile of his face.

“Looks like Earl Dunn is most likely dead. I wonder if that ‘Tiger’ dares to take on this highland knight. But if he manages to do so, even a dead body would be disadvantageous to us, especially when we did not manage to find the two women.”

“I just find it strange as to why this particular young man needed to kill Dunn. If this man is really a Bucce’s militia, wouldn’t be better for him to use the Earl as a hostage? This is such a pity, we could have use Dunn’s social powers.” Burnley pretended to be dismayed by the events, but his eyes were laughing.

“Not necessarily. There’s no need to stand on any political factions too quickly. The matters between the royal family and the White-mane army are still undecided. But no matter what, whether that man is an assassin or had some other goals in his mind, I think that sword of his has something very wrong with it—” The Golden Apple Lord grabbed his reins and adjusted himself on the horse.

“That Elven Sword?”

Esebar wanted to nod, but suddenly saw his soldiers were splitting apart like they were avoiding a wave. He paused momentarily, then spotted a gargoyle charging at him. His words faltered as he pulled his reins subconsciously. He wanted to turn away, but because he used too much force as he was too tense, the horse actually stood up in hind legs with a neigh.

“Lord Esebar, be careful!”

As the gargoyle was over twenty levels, its strength was higher than most Iron-ranked fighters, and along with its formidable defense, charging into the midst of the unranked soldiers was akin to a tiger charging into the midst of lambs. With the advent of this giant monster, the soldiers suddenly felt an innate fear taking over their bodies. One of them even yelled panickedly: “Dragon!!!”

Brendel expected the gargoyle to easily crush the soldiers’ weak formations, but he also understood that the situation would not last for long. The soldiers were momentarily confused, but once they recovered the gargoyle would not be able to fight against their number.

If they were well trained, whether the gargoyle could even handle ten soldiers was a question.

He needed to utilize the chaotic scene and prevent them from regaining their formation, and he acted on it quickly.

“Ciel, follow and cover me.”

He rushed forward as he finished speaking. The pathway made by the gargoyle was closing up as the soldiers wanted to block their enemies, but Brendel swung his sword forward, and the wind pressure was like a scythe going through the soldiers, reaping them like wheat.

The soldiers who were behind them fell back in fright as they abandoned all notions to continue fighting, creating a greater pathway than the gargoyle did. If Makavu was still around they might be able to form up, but their leader was now gone.

Brendel and Ciel quickly passed through the Long Spear Forest. If there were any stragglers who wanted to follow them, Ciel shot them down with magic arrows. He still had two bottles of mana potion, and the magic arrow spell was a cheap and effective magic.

Brendel raised his heads and faintly saw a group of nobles on top of the hill nearby. He saw Lord Burnley and issued another command.





“That fat bastard, ary — (Take) –!”

Before he finished issuing the command, he suddenly found a group of riders coming from the left flank. These riders wore deep blue garments with a pointed hat, donned silver armor with shoulder guards, along with a white tussle behind them. These were the light calvary of the White-Mane army.

The two groups realized that the ‘Tiger’ Luc Beson had arrived.

“Bacchus, Taron, take down that Madara spy!” Even the midst of the noisy army, Luc Beson’s calm voice still resounded clearly, sending a chill to everyone present.

Two tall riders came from the left and right at Brendel after Luc Beson finished speaking.

“Very good.” Brendel scoffed coldly in his heart and activated his ‘Charge’ skill, dashing past them in an instant. Bacchus and Taron stopped for a moment, and when they realized what happened and turned behind them, the young man had gone past them ten over meters.

Not only them, the majority of the White-Mane army were also stunned. The two men were squadron leaders and were low Iron-ranked fighters, and Brendel pulled away so easily?

Luc Beson’s eyebrows went up.

[Charge skill? This young man is also related to the Sun knights?]

He immediately raised his right hand: “Odin, Kline, stop him!”

Two riders advanced together. The squadron leaders were especially proficient in their riding skills, and even though they started off late, they immediately caught up with Brendel.

But before the soldiers could cheer for their leaders, Odin and Kline were already thrown off their horses. Everyone’s eyes went wide open.

The ones who had quicker eyes saw the event unfold clearly: The young man did not stop, exchanged a single blow with each of them, destroyed both their swords, and they were thrown backwards like they were knocked by a dragon.

“Power Break!” A person’s cry immediately made many people realize what happened.

Brendel did not hear or say anything as his attention was on Burnley. The gargoyle had already grabbed him. This was the key to escaping this dead end.

[Victory is at hand, right?]



* * *





Vol.1 Chapter 55




TL: Unedited.



Chapter 55 – Sword, light

Along with a fearsome cry, the gargoyle swoop down from the sky and its hook-like claws latched onto Burnley’s shoulders, then raised the ball-like figure into the sky. The businessman reacted subconsciously and tried to wiggle out of the gargolye’s grasp, but realized he was in mid air and paled instantly and stopped moving.

Everyone raised their heads up. Even though they knew they might do the same thing as Burnley, they secretly despised him for his cowardice.

Brendel raised his hand up and yelled admist the army without looking back: “Uom (come back)!”

When he finally looked behind him, the soldiers before him took a step back under his gaze. However, once they did so, they revealed that Ciel was surrounded by hundreds of spears.

“Don’t attack me, I surrender!” The young wizard raised his hands up to show that he did not intend to resist.

[I say, can you be any more spineless?]

Brendel sighed once and shook his head. But Ciel did not seem to see his actions and blinked at him repeatedly, saying: ‘Everything is up to you my lord, I already did my best.’

Brendel wanted to pull his hair out.

The White-Mane riders marched up and circled behind Brendel’s back, as if they wanted to take control of the situation from the nobles.

The Golden Apple Lord from afar started cursing, but there a number of factors that prevented him from controlling the enemy before him. Makavu was dead, Burnley was dangling in the air, Granzon was still in the fortress. There was no one beside him that was of use.

He could only ride forth alone. The truth he was enduring the cold perspiration in his back. He was almost certain that the gargoyle was coming from him.

[But why did he capture Burnley?]

The Golden Apple Lord gestured and brought forth a few nobles along with him, riding towards the center of the army that surrounded Brendel. He stopped in front of Luc Beson. The two parties had nothing much to say as the tension between the nobles and regional army leader of Grinoires was too much for civility.

The ‘Tiger’ Luc Beson stood tall like a spear on the horse’s back. He smirked as he looked at Esebar and the nobles behind him. He might be in the White-Mane army, but his heart was in the monarch’s faction which sought to regain its power. The two parties looked down on each other, so he naturally did not want to waste any time on them.

He was more interested in Brendel and peered at him. The young man managed to create chaos in front of a big army, and managed to either escape or defeat his squadron leaders in the blink of an eye. But he was surprised to find Brendel’s gaze was on him.

[Does he know me?]

Luc Beson frowned but quickly composed himself.

“Young man, I’ll give you a chance to put the pitiful fellow, Lord Burnley, down to the ground. As you can see, your ally is in our hands.” Luc Beson took over the entire situation once he spoke.

Brendel confirmed that he was Luc Beson after hearing his voice. He had heard of his voice during missions in Fortress Riedon before the first Black Rose War.

[The Tiger, Luc Beson. An upper silver-ranked swordsman, one of the stronger fighters in the entire Aouine region.]

Brendel did not dare to underestimate a formidable foe like him. His thoughts moved quickly. He glanced at Luc Beson and Esebar, knowing that his only chance at survival was on these two people.

This standoff between these two men was not by coincidence.

This rivalry between the nobles and the regional army was due to Aouine’s unique political rule. As the country came from the splintered Kirrlutz, its rules were derived from the Black Bible. Due to the long history of the lords fighting one another, the fourth ruler of Aouine, Einz the first created the rule of having a regional army governing their own location.

The lords started to create their own ‘country’ like a principality. Within this ‘countries’ the lords enjoyed complete administrative power and their own laws. However, the king imposed a tax on all the mines, foresting lands and farms, while the nobles were free to impose a second tax. The nobles were also unable to hold their own private armies, and the defense was left to royalty or the regional army.

With this dual system of separating the army and administration, the royal family controlled all the states and created a strong kingdom. However, no matter how glorious Aouine was, there was going to be ambitious offenders that would plague the kingdom. When the royal family’s authority waned, the opposers gradually appeared.

The first appearance of internal strife came around the rule of the ‘Pious Disciple’, King Edelweiss, sixty years ago. It was also when he was succeeded by King Corvado. Duch Arreck, who also had the same succession rights, was spiteful over this event, and when King Edelweiss passed away, the regional armies gradually started to support different factions. (TL: There might be some inaccurate TL here. The history lesson is killing me.)

When the royal family found that they were unable to control the huge armies, the authority in the capital started waning: And ever since the ‘Year of the Empty Beast’, the tax official was unable to gain access to a third of the lands. It was evident that the royal family’s authority had been reduced to be a miserable state.

Duch Arreck had forced King Oberg the sixth to change a new set of defense laws, and they only controlled the minor kingdom’s armies. Cifahd’s black bladed army and Ampere Seale’s eleventh voluntary calvary.

Under such circumstances, the royal family’s hold over many areas were becoming weaker. However, the contest for power was becoming more intense between the nobles and the regional armies. In the Grinoires region, the earl and the archduke’s enmity was well known as a source of entertainment in pubs.

And in Fortress Riedon, this conflict was present in the nobles and Luc Beson. They held the same attitude in abandoning Bucce, but Luc Beson was in a disadvantage as he was weaker in political maneuvering and capability. Someone had to take responsibility for the failure.

But now there was a change when Brendel and his partners came along.

If they were truly Bucce’s militia and they were still present for questioning, Esebar’s excuses would become a lie, and it was a considerable matter for deceiving the king. Even if the royal family was reduced nothing more than just a name, the ministers in the capital would be able to legitimately use this as an excuse to turn on each other.

[And because of this… I have at least a chance to escape from this unharmed. Even if Esebar wants me dead, he had to seek Luc Beson’s approval.]

Brendel felt a little sad. He knew that this would be the outcome but he was unable to explain it clearly to Freya. If she knew that the final conclusion was still to leave it to these warring factions, she probably would not be able to accept it.

[But even if it’s sad, it’s thanks to your short-sightedness that I can use this excuse.]

After hearind Luc Beson’s words, he could not help but display a chilling smile: “That is certainly laughable, my esteemed nobles.”

Everyone was stunned from hearing his conflicting tone.

“Laughable?” Luc Beson smiled from his horse as he looked down from the higher ground: “Why do you find it laughable?”

[Your grin is going to be wiped off soon.] Brendel beckoned the gargoyle to come to him, and held his Elven sword from the left hand to his right.

“Ser Luc Beson.” He turned his head to him once again. “You want me to let down this fat bastard down?”

He smacked Burnley’s face with his hand, recalling the events that happened two hours ago. It was when Earl Dunn took away his sword and raised it to take a close look– (TL: OH? Gee, that event felt like it happened WEEKS ago. I wonder why.)

The memories played back smoothly across his mind like a flowing river, calming him. He tilted his head and answered: “I find it laughable that, some people don’t even know they are heading to the gallows. Do you really believe you can stay in Fortress Riedon safely and Madara’s army wouldn’t invade Aouine’s territory?”

“Madara?” Both Luc Beson and the Golden Apple Lord were confused..

“What are you trying to say exactly, you bas—, you fellow.” The Golden Apple Lord asked while considering his status that was related to Buga’s wizards.

Brendel did not want to waste anymore time, and he took up his sword and place it at Burnley’s neck. Before he finished speaking, the Elven sword flared up with brilliant light.

“Lord Burnley’s family is well reputed for its wealth and knowledge, can you tell me what history this sword has?” Brendel copied a certain man’s tone with a cold sneer.

That fat man suddenly struggled with all his might in the gargoyle’s grasp and tried to retreat backwards.

Brendel finally confirmed the suspicion in his heart and ignored him. He rebuked angrily at the two men: “This sword is called ‘Thorn of light’, a sword that was created admist light. All undead creatures are revealed by this sword’s brilliance, but you short-sighted morons only sought to admire it, but forgot what happened when Earl Dunn took it.”

“My esteemed nobles, do you really believe this fat pig is your ally? How remarkably laughable, you don’t even know Tarkus have planted a spy amongst you—”

Luc Beson and the nobles were tongue-tied as they did not know whether this was true. Even though the White-Mane army’s captain already believed Brendel’s words, but he wished that it was untrue.

Brendel thrust the sword into Burnley’s ball-like figure. The latter shrieked pitifully as his body rapidly shrank, and his appearance changed to that of a ugly and desiccated monster.

“A lich!” Luc Beson recognized this creature in an instant.

Esebar was even more exaggerated as his body sagged as he yelled. “Impossible!”

His response frightened everyone and they cast their eyes on him. Brendel’s expression was cold. He finally knew what happened in Fortress Riedon and why it fell so quickly.

[But history— or the future… cannot be changed now.]

Esebar felt the perspiration on his forehead. The words from the damnable fat bastard appeared like a deadly trap now. In order to capture Brendel, he had took out a third of the Fortress’s guards and placed them under Burnley.

And these private troops, were most likely undead creatures by now.

When they still hesitated over this matter, ghastly blue flames could suddenly be seen from Riedon’s west and northern areas. Everyone understood what happened by now.

Esebar felt the world was spinning.

“Re-retreat! To the south gate now!”



* * *





Vol.1 Chapter 56




TL: Unedited.

Chapter 56 – Witness

Brendel coldly watched the gathered nobles who argued ceaselessly at one side. The din created by the nobles and the soldiers did not appear to end anytime soon.

The nobles wanted to leave the fortress by the north gate, without any regards for the citizens as they could not care less about them.

[These bastards did not even mention about the citizens even once.]

There was no one amongst the nobles who cared about political fights anymore. Some placed importance on their assets, even to the point where they would rather die than give their wealth up, others stressed that survival was the most important thing.

[Do these nobles think that Madara’s undead would care about their status or wealth? These bloody morons are grating my nerves.]

Brendel lowered his head and wiped his sword. He had received 220 XP, one of the highest gain apart from the Golden Demonic Tree boss.

[Looks like that was a mid-ranked lich. It was fortunate that it did not react in time as these things are usually level 30 plus.]

Due to the low strength, the gargoyle was able to trap the lich in its claws, making it unable to move and ultimately allowed Brendel to kill it easily.

The lich was not limited to mere XP. Brendel chopped off its head earlier under everyone’s stares and took out a bone material. He then sliced off its four fingers from the right hand, pried open its head and pulled out its teeth one by one.





Everyone watched Brendel’s unthinkable actions in silenced horror as if he was a devil. His actions was like an experienced hunter who was processing its prey.

Brendel did not think it was unnatural since he really was processing his prey. The lich was different from regular mobs, as its soul fire had a chance to be molded into a gem, the four fingers holding on to its staff could be used as a spell regent, while the teeth could be made into paralyzing poison. One could even describe that the lich’s body was full of treasure.

Ciel knew a little as to what Brendel was doing, so he stood beside him faithfully. The nobles’ soldiers whose loyalty was to money, had scattered due to the low morale, and Luc Beson’s soldiers had fallen back to their leader. The young wizard recalled the moment where Brendel tested the sword at Dunn’s corpse, and understood that his every action had deep meaning to it, and could not be more impressed in his mind. (TL: Okay… I don’t recall if that sword lit up lol. So Dunn is an undead too or something?)

As Ciel watched Brendel continue to dismantle the lich, he felt the revered archmagi in Karsuk could not compare against him.

On the other side, Luc Beson had regained his composure after the temporary shock. He was not like the nobles who were eager to escape, and looked at Brendel with interest as he grabbed his horse’s reins. In his eyes, Brendel was steady, decisive and flexible, and he was formidable at his age.

[If he’s ten years older, his accomplishments would have been remarkable.]

Although he was in the royal faction, the current Aouine made him shake his head. He raised his head and look at the dark sky, wondering what future the country had.

But only the heavens knew Brendel did not plan this ahead, but simply chose the best option for escape. He looked at Ciel who stood beside him, and asked: “Between the White Knight and the Black Warrior, which one do you find it easier to deal with?”

Ciel was momentarily stunned by the sudden question and did not know how to respond.

Brendel shook his head as he watched the squabbling nobles escape to the east. Their former comrades’ bodies were simply left behind at the river without anyone caring about them. (TL: I made a mistake in the previous chapter, Esebar intended to retreat to the East, not north.)

“The poet Goebbels depicted Karsuk’s nobles as brigands, but I think Grinoires is not too far off.” Ciel spat out his words in derision.

“This country is at its final moments.” Brendel did not care if Luc Beson could hear him as he spoke condescendingly. He did not desire to seek revenge against the people who were going to face death.

[Retreating to the east side means they will face Tarkus’s most infamous general, ‘The Dragon Calamity’, Lord Tamara.]

“Are you not fleeing?” Luc Beson appeared as if he did not hear Brendel’s words as he asked.

Before Brendel had the chance to reply, there were sounds of wings beating in the air. Everyone in the vicinity looked up as they saw two huge bone dragons passing by over their heads, and fear spread throughout them. Hellish purple flames burned between their black bones, and their gigantic tattered wings emitted a dull beating sound as they flew through the air, and the wind that swept through the ground made their hair prick up.

The people on the ground felt like their souls were shrieking from an unending nightmare. In their minds, they saw nothing but bleak hopelessness, and phantom-like bones were suddenly climbing out from the ground with maggots crawling all over them. The ground seemed to turn into a dry, decaying landscape without end.

Brendel punched himself in the arm and recovered from his afflicted status.

[Damn it. The dragons’ fear aura hit me pretty hard. Just flying over us affected us this much…]

He checked his surroundings and the war horses were running away because of the fright, or dropped to the ground because of their weakened knees.

Then he saw Luc Beson who also shrugged off the dragons’ aura. The latter appeared surprised as he saw Brendel’s quick recovery. “Come with me, lad. As you can see, an individual’s power is small against such foes.”

Brendel looked grimly at him, then shook his head.

[You died in history. I’m not going to be caught in your misfortune here. It has been hard to get to this point, but if I can escape from this dead city, I will have fulfilled half of my plans. And from then on, I can grind my level up and wait for Aouine’s final moments.]





Brendel was not about to step into the trap at this point, and decided to tell him the truth: “I’m breaking through the north as my friends are waiting for me there. If you don’t mind, you can join me.”

Luc Beson stared at him in hesitation, but shook his head at the end. There were huge burning blue flames in the west and northern areas, indicating that the undead army invaded through that direction. Even though he admired him, he did not wish to move to a risky area.

Brendel did not tell him that all the other areas were a dead end other than the north due to the distance. Time was of the essence, and explaining that to him was going to take too long.

He patted Ciel’s arm and said: “If that is the case, then we shall take our leave. If there is a chance in the future, let us meet again.”

Luc Beson did not have much of a difference compared to the nobles, but he was at least capable. He was also one of the rarer person in this era who still thought about this country, so Brendel did not mind if he had survived.





[There’s also the fact that I might be considered as a heretic and sent to be burned by firewood. Luc Beson is not Freya or Romaine, He might be able to see past my bullshit.]

Brendel did not take any unnecessary risk.

……………………………………………………………………………….

The year of the bustling flowers and summer leaves, the second day of the sixth moon.

The peaceful land in Fortress Riedon turn into ashes under the burning flames. The undead rampaged everywhere, causing chaos and destroyed many lives.

The citizens found that prayers could not save them and the nobles they relied on abandoned them. A scar that could never be healed was carved into their hearts and gradually spread everywhere from this battlefield.

[The first step towards Aouine’s demise.]

The news of Fortress Riedon’s fall only reached Fortress Vermeire on the sixth day, while Tarkus’s secondary army was at Anchorite’s doorsteps. The defensive lines to Fortress Vermeire were gone and they held on with much difficulty.

The eleventh day, Vieiro discovered Madara’s army and send the news to Corvado, and on the twelve day, Oberg the seven met Madara’s messenger in secret. (TL: Gosh, how many more names are you going to throw at me.)

On the thirteen day, the merchant alliance of Ampere Seale announced they were going to participate in the war.

On the fourteen day, Madara’s messenger was formally received.

On the twentieth day, the battles at the frontlines stopped temporarily. Both countries established a team of envoys, and there was a long negotiation period.

But the talks was progressing slowly and Madara’s army kept burning the lands everywhere, and Aouine’s troops struggled painfully as though they were trapped in quicksand.





Aouine’s slow reactions caused immense losses to the nobles but the royal family was happy to see that happen.

The talks continued to progress. On the seventh month and fifth day, the Madara army advanced into Randner, they encountered Ampere Seale’s hired mercenary army for the first time.

The history’s event of’ Battle at Fortress Frangerd’ raised its curtains as Incirsta became famous in this battle. Under the undead gunners’ cover, the black knights ripped apart Ampere Seale’s flanks again and again, finally defeating them.

Madara managed to advanced greatly after this, reaching even the capital of Randner. Tarkus, Incirsta, Verand, Augusta and Tabhita became known throughout the lands.

On the seventh month sixteen day, Oberg the seven saw the messenger again. Three days later, the talks finally ended and the first ‘War of the Black rose’ ended.

TL: Names everywhere. Bleah. This is the last chapter of The Amber Sword “Volume 1”. The second volume rewinds the events and there would be some sweet battles (at last).



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 1




TL: Unedited.





Volume 2 – The dust laden kingdom



Chapter 1 – The burning city.

The time was the year of bustling flowers and summer leaves, the morning of the second day of the sixth month.

Freya quickly reached ‘number 51’ at the market with the assistance of Sue, the bar’s owner’s daughter. She took a look at the Ponoa’s market area. Even though it was morning, there were a decent amount of people in this place. Torches were lit everywhere, and the brightness more or less made people feel safe—

She prepared to move, but Sue suddenly grabbed her arm: “Stop, there’s someone hidden in the alley.”

The young girl with braids stood between the edges of the shadow and light in the street’s corner, her hand against the wall and observing the outside area in alertness.





“Are they soldiers?” Freya’s heart jumped.

“I don’t know. But these faces are unfamiliar, they are definitely not people from this city’s region.” Sue shook her head and answered quietly.

Freya brought a clenched fist to her lips, pondering anxiously. If they appeared in the Ponoa market now, they were most likely the soldiers of the White-Mane army.

[Brendel have predicted this would happen. They really went to find hood. Have they talked to him? Should I still continue to meet with him?] Freya furrowed her brows.

[… Wait, Brendel said that it was okay even if I discovered the soldiers. Without knowing our relationship, they won’t act immediately as they want to capture all of us.]

Freya took a deep breath. She turned her head and asked: “Sue, can you answer me a question?”

“What is it?”

“How do you know when someone is lying?”

The dark-skinned girl laughed: “Did you ask this question because I help out at the bar?”

Freya flushed a little, she was indeed eyeing Sue’s vastly superior experience compared to hers. Most of the citizens and her naively thought that the nobles would act and save them if anything happened, but Sue pointed out the truth within a couple of lines during their conversation.

In Freya’s heart, this slightly cold girl was very sharp and assertive.

“No problem. I help people everyone out once in a while,” Sue smiled: “Freya, look at me.”

“Huh?”

“Your friend that says that Fortress Riedon will be conquered, what is his name?”

Freya was momentarily taken aback as she did not know why she asked this question. She panicked a little in her heart, and her eyes darted about: “B-Brendel.”

Sue’s eyes glinted: “You like him, right?”

“N-no, Brendel, he, likes Romaine.”

“Eyes, Freya, look at me.” Sue’s deep brown eyes was a pool of still water as it reflected Freya: “And who is Romaine?”





Freya’s face looked like it has been set ablazed by fire. Her eyes swam about and did not dare to look at Sue, and tried to explain with stuttering in her words, but she did not where to begin with. She suddenly felt she was the biggest fool under the sky, and wanted to find a crevice and hide in there.

“Understand?” Sue asked.

“Y-yes.” Freya lowered her head, while nodding hard.

She took another deep breath to calm herself, her fingers on the sword’s hilt and ready to move out, but she suddenly turned back and grabbed Sue’s arm. “Sue, can you wait for me for a while?”

Sue paused for a while, but she nodded her head. Freya felt a little mystified by her actions, but she kept feeling Sue was like Brendel, and it gave her a little more confidence.

She walked out of the alley and acted like there was no one around her and did not pay attention to her surroundings, like she always came to Ponoa’s number 51. She hesitated a little when she felt two pair of eyes on her back, but quickly knocked on the door.

The bangs on the door felt like they came from her heart. Freya waited for a while and the door opened with a creak, showing a man who was hunched over and bald, and it was difficult to ascertain his age. When he saw Freya, he stopped moving for an instant, then retreated a step back as he recognized her.

(Freya, look at me.)

Freya noted the miniscule change in his expression. A somber, icy feeling rose from her heart.

[Brendel said I should note his reactions and decide…]

“Who are you, what is your matter with me?” The hunched man asked after a while. Freya stood there in silence for a minute, and stared him coldly. Just when the man wanted to retreat, she suddenly pulled out her sword with a singing flourish and placed it on his neck.

At that moment where the unexpected happened, Sue saw a few people on the streets jerked visibly, but they soon resumed what they were doing. Their actions were subtle, but the girl hiding in the alley saw everything.

Freya did not know what happened behind her at all. She merely tried to hold her sword calmly and spoke steadily: “Are you the witch’s ally?”

“Don’t kill me, they forced, for—, witch?” The hunched man was terrified over the sudden change, fell onto his butt, before finally understood what the stoic girl said.

[Ciel also said something about her Romaine’s aunt having to do something with witches… I didn’t think I was able to come up with something—] Her mind was actually blank when she drew out her sword. She continued to speak: “Her name should be ‘Jennie’, but never mind…… It doesn’t matter since it seems I need to give you a lesson first.”

She raised her sword as she spoke, and Hood immediately shrieked in pitiful sobs: “Wait, wait, ser, I-I have nothing to do with her…… Ah, no, I mean, to say, I’m not her ally or anything, I’m just a relative to her, no, no, I mean distant relative!”

“Oh?”





“It’s true, it’s true! Please believe me, believe me, she’s just an occult who comes to the fortress occasionally to buy stuff! And she just buys some weird things! She lives with her niece in Bucce!”

Freya glared at the man while repressing her hate for him. She hoisted him up in the air: “But my informant told me that she entered the city a few days ago. You better not be lying, as a…. wizard, I can rip out your memories!”

Hood was delirious from the sword on his neck, and could not pick out what was wrong with Freya’s words: “I’ll tell you, I’ll tell you everything! She left two days ago and went to the north of here.”

Freya looked at his eyes and threw him away in disgust. She sighed a little when she heard Sue’s whistle.

[Damn it. How much time did I waste here, the men outside must have noticed something when I drew my sword. Maybe I overdid things when I raised him up… I need to leave.]

She ran outside.

[Aunt Jennie isn’t here. The north of Fortress Riedon is Bruglas, what is she doing there? This man doesn’t seem he’s lying.]

She gritted her teeth as she hesitated what she should do next.

…………………………………………………………………………………… (TL: Timeline changes to the seventh month, in case people are going to get confused.)

The afternoon’s sunlight poured through the room’s arched-shaped windows, and it was decorated with care was lit up brightly. The youthful princess who was dressed entirely in silver sat down in a chair with a high back support next to a dainty round table.

She sat down in a proper posture with her hand holding on to a cup of red tea, while her other hand was holding on to a spoon. She did not move at all, and her silver eyes looked straight ahead as if she was lost in thought while listening to the story.

Her hair was a pretty silver color with ringlets. Her half pointy ears peeked out amongst her hair with pale tips. She was Oberg’s the seventh’ favorite daughter, and recognized as the most beautiful lady in Aouine. (TL: Google Ringlets, kind of hard to explain.)

If she was in Brendel’s era, no matter if it’s a NPC or player, they would call her the ‘Regent Princess’. If there was anyone who could compare to the fame of the Goddess of War, it would be her, except her age was a little tender now. (TL: Regent = a person appointed to administer a state because the monarch is a minor or is absent or incapacitated.)

“The little girl is quite smart. Everyone in the Everton family is indeed capable.” After a while, the princess placed her teacup down, and asked: “And what happened next, Lord Oberbeck?”

Standing in front of her was a stern looking middle-aged man, and if Brendel was here, he would have recognized him. This man’s appearance was the true ‘Earl Dunn’. There were not many who recognized this man even within the nobles’ circle, but there was a famed nickname that was more recognized:

‘The Wolf Lord’ Oberbeck. (TL: How exciting. Anyway, that Earl Dunn in Fortress Riedon is a fake. Read on.)

He was a close aide to the king, and one of the key members in the royal faction, and had a good relationship with the Everton family.

Oberbeck observed the princess. He knew that she was not simple and could not casually end things, especially when she was the king’s favorite.

This time he borrowed the family name of ‘Lais Bruman’ Dunn to go to Fortress Riedon as a antiquarian. The two men were similar because they loved to collect antiques. Even though they were quite different in appearance, there was not too much of a problem because not many could identify him. It was especially true since he had to do a secret mission for Oberg the seventh.

He paused for a while to recollect his thoughts, then suddenly realized that the princess had asked him a question: “Of course, the daughter of Lord Everton, it looks like she is as brilliant as her father, but it’s a pity…….”

He wanted to say ‘it’s a pity she’s a woman’, but he realized he was speaking to the princess, and quickly swallowed the later half of his words.

(TL: At the beginning of the next chapter, it states that Freya is the daughter of that Lord Everton. I kind of had to check things up because things are becoming complicated and wanted to make sure for sure. I’m like, ‘what? has the earl has come back to life?’, ‘and who is that daughter, exactly’, yup.)

The girl before him obviously knew what he wanted to say, but did not pursue it. She merely asked another question: “But Lord Oberbeck, I am puzzled about your story. It’s strange that you created trouble for that young man.”

Oberbeck’s mind thought she was asking a rhetoric question, but he still replied politely: “I was merely worried about his actions. He is a highland knight, and together with his wizard squire, with Everton’s daughter at his side. My lady, you do know that Karsuk’s white knights do not stand on the same path—”

“I do, but they do not object his actions.”

“Precisely because of that, I thought of testing him. Since that person is only my double, I thought it was more important to make sure of the Karsuk’s knight’s intentions. I will even do it myself for the sake of the king.” Oberbeck answered

(TL: Okay, so in case it’s not clear enough. The real Dunn went along with fake Dunn, ordered him to test out Brendel’s intentions, Fake Dunn died, Real Dunn went back and is speaking to the princess. So right now it’s not Freya’s timeline now, but somewhere in the seventh month. I think. Does real Dunn know about fake Dunn’s connection to the big bad faction? I have no idea.)

“I will thank you in my father’s place, Lord Oberbeck.” The princess knew that his father and Oberbeck was planning to do something to Karsuk, but she did not think it would succeed. She had guessed what they were planning and it was just bound to fail.





She continued to ponder for a while and thought that there were a few more names that had to be added to the royal family’s ‘Basta Calvary Academy’. She wanted to hint something to Oberbeck, then stopped herself as she thought of her current status.

Finally she changed the topic: “What happened next Lord Oberbeck? I wish to listen to the story next. I still have a couple of hours before my history lesson starts.”

“It would be my pleasure.”

TL: Future chapters will jump between Freya/Brendel’s timeline and princess’s timeline. If there is anything confusing, please ask questions in the comment section. Phew. This one took a longer time than expected.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 2




TL: Unedited.



Chapter 2 – Mercenary

(TL: We are still at the princess timeline.)

Oberbeck took out an ordinary polished brass necklace with a crystal in the center. There was a word engraved on the crystal, ‘Freya’. He presented the necklace to the princess and spoke: “She wore this with her. Her name supposedly came from this, but the truth is, this was her mother’s necklace, my lady.”

“Her mother?” The princess examined the necklace without changing her expression.

“Indeed, she was the same Lord Everton’s wife, who died in that chaos seventeen years ago.”

“Then you mean to say that girl is the last of the Evertons?”

“Yes.”





“Since Lord Oberbeck is already here, that would mean that girl had successfully escaped from danger?”

“You can indeed put it that way, but the entire process was a little bizarre.” The middle-aged man nodded at first, then suddenly raised his brow as though he had thought of something interesting.

“Oh?”

“Actually, the main cause was still that young man.”

“He is the cause of everything again?”

“No, it’s just that young man kept doing some strangely amazing actions in the entire journey. While I put it lightly, the entire journey was filled with unpredictable danger, to the point that I cannot change the outcome. There were many people who were prepared for the very worst, but he managed to turn the dire event entirely—”

Oberbeck could not resist a cold laugh: “If I am to be direct, then compared to the worthless trash inside that fortress, this young man was the only person who made Madara suffer losses repeatedly.”

“Hmm?” The princess’s silver eyes brightened a little.

“He even got something wonderful out of this journey,” The middle-aged man frowned, in order to recall the prior events: “But let this minister temporarily hold on to this mystery a little longer as to what it is.”

“I am even more interested in listening now. This young man actually made Lord Oberbeck praise him to the skies. Time grows short for me, so please start telling me the story and who he is, Lord Oberbeck.”

He nodded and began to narrate the events that happened.

……………………………………………………………………. (TL: Time goes back to Freya.)

Freya heard Sue whistle with clarity to alert her. She had ran towards the street, and discovered there were five strangers that started to surround her. She knew that her consecutive actions were taken too far and finally forced her enemies to act.





She did not even take the time to think and dashed back to the house, pushing away Hood in the process. The people behind her immediately sped up to catch her, but Freya had already fallen back to a room and locked it and blocked it with a cupboard.

There were loud bangs that happened next against the door, and Freya thought her heart was going to jump out of her. She looked at the wooden window and gritted her teeth, covered her head with both of her hands and hurled herself against it.

Even though she had the armor plate to protect her, she broke it with enough impact to numb her arms and forehead. She rolled against the ground a few times and then crawled up. She found herself in the other side of the alley, and saw Sue coming from another path who ran towards her.

But her face was void of color, as if she saw something frightening.

“S–” Freya wanted to beckon to her but she froze.

She spotted blue lights flying across the air, moving towards the central area. It was as if the sky was filled with stars, and she was momentarily confused, but realized that they were arrows.

“Be careful!” Freya shouted as she recalled that night in Bucce, dashing towards Sue and knocked her onto the ground. She covered Sue’s body.

The torrent of arrows soon fell onto the vicinity. Countless arrows rained against the thin roof tiles, and Madara’s heavy cone-shaped arrows penetrated the buildings, and shrieks could be heard from the house.

Multiple arrows struck against Freya’s armor but they were deflected away. She thought she was going to die the next moment, and she closed her eyes in fear but she did not move at all to protect Sue.

The assault lasted approximately a minute Two volleys were unleashed before it finally ended. Freya got up and pulled Sue’s trembling arm. They looked at each other, noting each other lingering fear.

“S-S-Skeletons, outside” Sue’s breath was uneven, and she felt like her heart was going to stop any moment.

Freya’s heart grew cold. She knew that Madara’s army were already in the fortress when the arrows were fired. She never suspected that Brendel would lie to her, but she did not think it would be this fast. She realized why he wanted to choose such a specific timing now.

She dragged Sue’s arm again: “Sue, let’s go now!”

“Where?” Sue asked in confusion.

“We need to escape from here! We have to leave this area now!” Freya’s mind was swirling in anxiety. She finally understood what sort of pressure Brendel was facing at this moment. She thought about for a little and decided to take one step at a time until she met up with Brendel.

“I have to go back to the bar, my father’s still there.”

“Then I’ll go with you.”





Sue nodded.

The Ponoa’s market was in the west of Fortress Riedon and close to the Pine River, while the bar was situated in between the Ponoa’s market and the Traveler’s bridge that was situated in the north. The distance was not very far, but when Freya and Sue reached there, there was a huge burning fire in the west. The streets and the bar’s exterior were filled with people.

First it was the huge fire in the noble’s parliament, then it was the guards’ active movements. The night was filled with great unrest and everyone huddled together and whispered, asking what happened exactly.

Opinions were divided, some thought Madara’s army was already at the city gates, some thought it was caused by nobles, but no one knew Madara had already entered the city. Freya and Sue parted the crowd and discovered that the bar’s owner and the other patrons were already outside on the street. They were pointing at the raging fire in the west.

Sue immediately dashed into her father’s arms. He was slightly confused but patted her back to calm her down. The latter whispered something to him and his expression darkened. He looked at Freya and nodded to express his thanks, then faced the bunch of mercenaries behind him.

He clapped loudly to gather their attention, and someone even quipped: “What’s wrong, Leto, are you going to treat us to some beer because of this huge fireworks?”

Everyone cheered loudly in agreement.

But Leto answered gravely: “Treating you to alcohol is certainly possible, but today is not the day. Listen up gentlemen, Madara is already in the city.”

Some people did not understand what he meant and took a few seconds before the meaning sank in. Leto repeated again, and the thirty odd people was silenced

‘Are you serious?’ This question was written on everyone’s face.

“Sue told me that. She wouldn’t lie to me.” Leto said earnestly.

Freya’s brows furrowed slightly. Normally people would not discuss this in the open, because even she knew that it might cause a panic to break out. But either Leto did not consider this or he had his own plans.

[It’s more likely to be the latter…]

The crowd took some time to take in the information, and finally someone asked with some difficulty.

“What should we do?”

Everyone was thinking of the same thing. They did not flee immediately or yelled out in panic. Freya carefully observed their reactions, and understood that these regular guests had a particular relationship with the bar’s owner.

“We should take the fight to them and escape.”

“Everyone, let’s do that.”

“But how are we going to do that?”

If Madara attacked from the west, a normal person would think that the east would be the safest. But these mercenaries had fought in the battlefield and knew something about basic strategy. There was the option of doing a sudden raid on a single Aouine’s gate, or surrounding Aouine’s gates.

Especially when it came to the motive of Madara’s strategy. Were the undead here to merely kill people, to take this city, or to advance even further than this city?

This was a problem for the kingdoms in this continent. They did not understand what the undead wanted to do and what strategy they had in mind.

Everyone put in their input for a while, but no one could find a way to convince everyone. Freya waited anxiously, raising her sword up and down, then finally threw in a sentence carelessly into the fray: “I-I know of someone, who could bring everyone out—”

Her words silenced the entire crowd. They cast their gaze on her, and one of them who recognized her, whistled and said: “Isn’t this the lass from just now?”

Freya’s face blushed a little from their stares.

[Ahhh, what did I just do? … Will Brendel blame me for this?]

She suddenly realized she was afraid of that, but she calmed down and thought of Brendel’s point of view.

[He’s always trying to find additional help. If these people are gathered, then it is going to be a source of power that he can use. But how am I supposed to convince them? I can’t command these veteran mercenaries as a mere militia captain. These people put their lives on the line in the battlefield everyday… No, it’s worth a try no matter what.]





Freya recomposed herself. She grabbed her sword and put it horizontally across her chest. Her appearance looked like like she was a reserved person, and everyone looked at Leto.

“This lass saved my girl a while ago.”

“Well then, my lady, why should we trust you?” Someone from the back asked.

[It’s here.]

Freya took a deep breath.

“You can definitely trust me. Do you know why the guards wanted to catch me and my companions?”

“Why?”

“Because we’re Bucce’s militia and we were attacked by Madara’s undead. We escaped from Madara’s army just to inform Fortress Riedon, but the nobles’ reactions disappointed us—”

She paused for a while. “I think all of you here don’t expect these selfish nobles to save you, right?”

“Of course, they are a bunch of maggots.”

“Maggots. That is a great description, Cheers to that.”

“Cheers.” Everyone echoed that.

“Then you mean to say you have a way to avoid Madara’s detection?” Leto looked at her and asked.

Freya nodded.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 3




TL: Unedited.



Chapter 3 – Freya’s cavalry army

The bar owner fell into silence after hearing Freya’s answer, and she saw an unconvinced expression on his face. She looked around the street and discovered that the people had the same attitude as the bar’s owner. Her heart tightened and she gripped her sword hilt, wanting to and swing it onto the ground to release the tension in her.

“Freya’s friend had said that Fortress Riedon was going to fall, and everyone here would not believe something like this before tonight. I don’t believe it either, but the truth is right before us. Freya is Bucce’s militia and I think she has a way out of this.” Sue suddenly spoke at this moment.





Everyone paused, and even Freya looked at the girl. Freya cast a grateful glance at her.

“… I actually don’t have the means to avoid Madara.” Freya thought for a while and spoke honestly, but everyone was momentarily stunned from her words. She continued speaking.

“But, I know someone who might have this ability.”

“You mean you are not even sure whether that person can avoid Madara?” Someone asked.

Freya nodded, and immediately saw many of them shrugged. These mercenaries did not put their hope onto a girl like her, even adopting a joking attitude towards her response, as they found her to be considerably charming.

“Wait, please! I know, as a stranger, it must look ridiculous to ask everyone to trust me,” She struck the sword against the ground, and composed herself. Her voice became clearer and louder “I’m just offering you a possibility—

She thought for a while: “It’s like a b-bet, I, I….”

She struggled for a long time, but could not find an appropriate description to use. She started to regret her choice to try and explain in a manner that only mercenaries would be familiar with.

“Like setting our bets down on gambling dice right? If we get it right, we will win big?” One of the gigantic mercenary soldier laughed: “That’s a good explanation, Call me Mano, yeah? So missy, I just need to lay down my bets right?”

He turned back to the others, and a few people laughed kindly.

“Mano, you damned gambler, you’re going to throw your life away one day!”

“Gahahaha!!!”





Freya blushed a little, but she nodded quickly: “Yes, something like that. If you think you can trust in my words, why not take a further look at whether the plan is feasible? I think if you see my friend, you will be able to judge for yourself. At the very least, I trust in him.”

The mercenaries fell into silence once again. They felt that her proposal had merit to it, and Sue had guaranteed Freya as a reliable person. There was also the fact where they were going nowhere with their own debate, and could go their separate ways if things did not turn out well later on.

However, no one wanted to be the first to volunteer, and the atmosphere was growing colder by the minute. Freya was becoming more and more anxious.

“I believe in Freya.”

Sue was the first to walk out, and she looked at her father. Leto scratched his head. If she already made up her mind, he had to do it too. He sighed, and everyone laughed.

“Alright, stop laughing at me already. I’m going as well, so everyone should take a look. I’m sure everyone will acquiesce to my daughter’s choice this one time right?”

“That’s really shameless, Leto.”

“How can you use Miss Sue as your shield?”

“Where has your dignity gone to!”

Everyone started making a din, but they basically agreed with Leto’s words. The bar owner shrugged off the pointed criticism and looked smug. A few moments later, they made a head count on the number of people who did not want to go. The twenty odd people that remained behind was somewhat interested in her proposal, but their pride refused to go along with a young girl like her and act under her orders.

“Well then lass, the ones who are going with you are here. Now tell us what requests you have for us.” Leto folded his arms and asked.

The mercenaries understood there were no free meals in this world. They typically saw this as a transaction, and would decide whether to continue joining her depending on her demands.

Freya did not understand this notion but she responded with a tense voice: “My request is actually very simple. I just want all of us to escape from this place. If you choose to trust and join me, I hope…….. that you will listen to my orders and commands, otherwise our agreement will lose its meaning. I know this is a little offending, but I have to insist on this issue. If you have any problems with it, I will not enforce this.”

“This is certainly the basic thing that we need to do.” The mercenaries murmured, but they might not choose to follow an order that might send them to their deaths. Still, they agreed to do so.

“Is there anything else? What else can you do?”

“I’m not sure as to what extent I can do, but I will definitely fight together with everyone. We are allies in this battle, and I think this issue wouldn’t affect our agreement.” Freya answered after thinking for a while.

“That’s more than enough missy. I’ll recognize you as the leader as long as you can do it!” Mano answered along with a few nods from the crowd. A few people, changed their minds at the last moment, and in the end there were seventeen people left. This was beyond Freya’s expectations as she thought she might not even get even one person.

Before they could proceed with further discussions, the news of Madara entering from the west area had already reached the people here, and the people in the street started to make a commotion. Leto immediately gathered everyone and asked to follow him to take as much as they can from the bar. At this moment they could only try to gather food resource as much as possible before the street became utter chaos.

There was a difference between the mercenaries and the militia, with the former always thinking ahead of the future and nothing else.

“What should we do now, Commander Freya?” Mano asked.

“There’s no need to call me commander, my status is no different from yours.” Freya spoke with a tinge of red in her face. She nearly could not breathe during her entire speech from the tension.





[I feel like I’m dreaming… But I can definitely do this and help Brendel. I can’t continue being a burden. Hmm…]

“Does everyone know how to ride a horse?”

“Of course.”

“Then we’re going to steal some horses.” Freya replied.

………………………………………………………………………… (TL: Princess POV)

“Steal horses?” The princess played with a metal soup spoon.

“Fortress Riedon has a horse market where the nobles exchanged war horses, slaves and serfs. This is public knowledge. And the truth is when some of the ministers come here to this region, these nobles are the ones who provide them with this news.” Oberbeck explained.

“These wretched people.” The princess calmly placed her teacup down. “But how did that girl know?”

“This has something to do with her status. During that fateful year, our men placed her at Fortress Riedon when she was three years old, and she most likely had a deep impression there.

“You lot are merciless, you left a small little girl at that tender age all alone in that unfamiliar place?””

“We had no choice. That year, the commotion was too big, and even Everton’s wife did not make it. Besides that, we had a plan to ensure her safety.”

“She knows how to ride?”

“How could a member of the Evertons not know about horse-riding? We arranged an elite knight from the Silver Wing Legion to adopt her. The only thing that we don’t know is why the family moved out of Fortress Riedon to go to such a remote location like Bucce.”

“Did she succeed?” Even though she guess Freya succeeded because of Oberbeck’s tone, she could not help but to confirm it.

“Yes. I did already say that all the nobles’ attentions were taken away by that young man. The market basically had no defense and they easily succeeded in the task. These mercenaries are considerably formidable, able to become soldiers of the kingdom’s frontline army.”

The princess nodded. Aouine’s frontline armies were different from the others. There were a few designated armies such as the Imperial Guards, Silver Wing Legion, as well as Seifer’s 11th cavalry corps. The regular soldiers maintained its strength at the Iron-ranked status, and were a few cuts above the White-mane army.

As for the other regular regiments, their abilities were even lesser, and their battle prowess were no different from the nobles’ private army.





With Oberbeck’s description, the half-elf princess understood the strength of the mercenaries who were with Freya.

“What happened next?”

“The things that happened next is the most interesting portion. After Miss Freya lead the cavalry to rejoin that amazing young man…… It’s a story where they vanquished Madara’s army wherever they went.” Oberbeck was usually stoic, but when he recalled the memory of Brendel led the army charging into Madara’s troops, his eyebrows danced.

“That amazing young man.” The princess said.

Oberbeck coughed twice as he noted his mistake.

But the girl did not mind and she looked at the time. “I still have a little time left, Lord Oberbeck, please continue with the next section of your story.”

“It would be my pleasure.”



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 4




TL: Unedited.

Chapter 4 – Chaos

(TL: We’re now going back to Brendel.)

The news of Madara’s grand army inside the fortress spread throughout the entire place like a plague.

The pine forest within this mountain region was described as the blighted land of evil, due to the undead and thieves existing in there for centuries. It was as if Aouine’s misfortune grew from there, and so the citizens trained themselves to prepare themselves for the fight, while the nobles pledged themselves to lead them when there were any invasions.





This fairy-tale like legend that seemed to exist forever in the minds of the citizens had came to life, baring their fangs and ready to devour them, but that was when the citizens realized that the nobles and the army of Fortress Riedon were nowhere to be seen.

As Brendel ran through the area, he saw more and more people rushing in and out of their houses. The people who still did no know what was happening quickly asked the people in the street, then hurriedly went inside to the house and brought some luggage and their family members out, then proceeded to the north gate.

More and more people gathered, until it finally formed a large throng in the streets. This scenery was like an oil painting in his eyes.

Children grabbed the adults’ hands with their faces full of curiosity, while the wives held on to their husband, their faces full of anxiety. The massively packed crowd of people were nearly quiet with hardly anyone speaking, and there was only the sound of shuffling footsteps that moved forward.

But this silence did not last. Because there was no one to lead them, there were horse carriages which eventually crashed into each other and blocked the road. The crowd’s progress slowed down which led to quarrels. A brawl started with the people at the back cursing at them, and there was a sort of fear that infected the crowd.

This event happened right at the moment where Brendel and Ciel found Romaine, and so Brendel instructed the carriage driver to drive to the sides after they got in.

“Brendel, you’re finally here. I was really worried.” Romaine sighed with great relief. She had waited a little nervously as she rubbed her shoes against the carriage’s wooden board constantly.

Brendel and Ciel sat at the left and right side of the carriage in order to guard, and looked at the growing chaos in the street.

“There were a lot of people along the way which delayed us a little.” Brendel pulled out his sword and answered.

“Where’s Freya?”

“I don’t know, let’s wait and see.”

Ciel who was watching the chaos quietly suddenly whispered to Brendel: “My lord, someone is inciting the crowd.”

“What sort of advantage will they have if they do this?” Brendel was surprised. He did not understand it. He had never paid attention what the NPCs did in the game and he was certainly not a psychologist.





“They are afraid that it’s not chaotic enough.”

“Why is that?”

“Because these people knew subconsciously that only chaos will bring them advantage. Ambitious people will not stay silent, my lord. Some of them even hope that something like this will happen in order to exploit them.” Ciel glared at the people outside as he replied coldly.

“What? They are doing this even though this is such a dire situation. Do they value their own lives?”

Brendel understood that there were such human traits in society, but it was the first time he saw it happening before his very own eyes.

The scene became even more chaotic as the people near the overturned horse carriage started shoving each other and crying children could be heard. That was not the end of it, as someone yelled out the news of Madara’s army nearby in this vicinity, and everyone started panicking.

“This is the moment, my lord. My teacher taught me that such madness is derived from the boldness of ambitious people and they would act as one.” Ciel pointed at the people responsible for the chaos. “When I was learning magic in Karsuk, my teacher showed me and other disciples not only the method of deciphering magic words in a tall dark rock tower, he also taught us how to manipulate someone’s heart.”

Brendel nodded.

The archmagi in Karsuk taught differently from Buga’s Archmagi. The latter wore white robes and walked across the white marble floor in their academy, and they appeared more as sage-like leaders amongst their more mysterious counterparts.

“What are they doing?” Romaine asked curiously with her eyes open wide.

“Stealing, robbing, using violence to get the things they want, which they normally don’t dare to dream of owning, just like you, my beautiful lady. ”

“D, don’t praise me, I won’t thank you.” Romaine blushed and her eyebrows raised high up.

The dreaded fight finally happened. No one knew who threw the first punch, but many people starting hitting each other. People started to force their through and family members were torn apart as they rushed through. The ones who fell onto the ground were trampled on and they never stood up again.

Yells and shrieks, along with wailing echoed throughout the street.

Brendel silently watched the events unfold. He could not stop it and could only ask the driver to move towards the side. However, this action drew attention, and some of the people who started the riot noticed him. When they saw Romaine, their eyes displayed greed.

These men were comprised of ruffians who did nothing everyday, or disgraced mercenaries or adventurers who did illegal things. They had planned signs and after communicating with each other silently, they pushed away the people who were blocking them and went closer to Brendel.

Brendel frowned and he placed one hand on his sword. Ciel and Romaine became tense.

“Hey you lot, it’s not good if you have one whole carriage to yourself, especially during this difficult times. Let me take a seat too.” A mercenary with dirty leather armor grabbed onto the rails without asking for permission.

“Scram.” Brendel placed his sword and place it on his neck.

“Kid, I just want to take a ride, are you really going to murder someone over that?” The mercenary did not expect Brendel to be so unyielding and was surprised. He stopped moving, placed one foot onto the platform, looked at Brendel with ill intentions, then shouted: “You lordly nobles, when it comes to the critical moment you lot abandon us and escape. I simply just want to take a free ride, you nitwit selfish fuckers. If you have the guts, kill me—”

The men started to crowd around the mercenary and looked at Brendel with taunting eyes. But their gazes were more on Romaine with lust.

“Brendel…..” Romaine was a little frightened and she grabbed his arm with her slim fingers..





Brendel turned around and patted her hand. He then swiveled his head back and spoke to the mercenary with full of disdain: Did you see that? There’s a lady in this carriage. She doesn’t welcome any of you and you can fuck off right now.

Brendel’s brusque attitude apparently angered him. The mercenary hurled curses at him and tried to board the carriage. The men beside him also attempted to overrun him, as if they were convinced he was a noble youth who would not fight back when shove comes to push.

“M-my lord, d-don’t—” Before Ciel finished speaking, his mouth unhinged as he watched Brendel thrust deeply into the mercenary’s chest and kicked him backwards, knocking the crowd backwards.

The mercenary had an expression of utter disbelief. Brendel felt a little disgusted when he felt the blade penetrate into the mercenary’s chest, but there was no hesitation in what he did.

[I might feel no differently from the average person, my heart cries for the people who are suffering from Madara’s invasion, but I have no mercy for you fucking trash!]

The other men took a few steps back when Brendel murdered the mercenary in cold blood, but they quickly realized they were the side with an overwhelming advantage in numbers.

“You fucking noble, you killed a human in plain sight!” Someone immediately shouted.

“That’s right, we just wanted to get a ride!”

“You bloody animal!”

“These nobles have never seen us as humans at all!” The men slowly stepped forward while they incited the surrounding crowd with slandering words.

“Drag him down out from the carriage now!”

“Beat him to death!” The crowd around the horse carriage grew larger. They only believed in what they just saw and heard. Ciel and Romaine were deeply worried as they could see things were turning into a terrible direction.

Brendel sheathed his sword and looked coldly at the crowd and sat down at the edge of the carriage’s platform. Very soon, another man rushed up as he thought the this ‘noble youth’ would rein in his attitude.

But he was wrong.

Brendel did not say anything and simply thrust his sword straight into that man’s throat with lightning speed. The man clutched at his throat with terror and stumbled backwards, before crumpling down slowly. The sword not only shocked the inciting men, it also caused the crowd to go up in an uproar.

But Brendel stood up and jumped down from the carriage. His jump made everyone retreat into a circle. He walked forward into their center as he continued to glare coldly at them. His sword suddenly swung over the top of the crowd.

A gust of wind flew across their heads, and besides a few strands of cut hair, the roof of a house nearby exploded loudly with a bang, and a meter long crack could be seen visibly.

Everyone stared at the crack in amazement.

“Take care of yourselves.”





Brendel spat the words out in an austere manner, sheathed his sword and climbed back into the carriage. He was more concerned about Freya’s side rather than wasting time with the mastermind.

[Why is she still not here?]

On the other hand Romaine was looking at Brendel with starry eyes.

“You’re amazing Brendel.” Romaine praised him.

“There’s nothing glorious about killing a man, especially when these people are mere citizens.” Brendel shook his head.

“But you’re the only one who can protect me.”

Brendel paused for a while before giving a faint smile.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 5




TL: Unedited.



Chapter 5 – Confrontation

Brendel’s sword swing shook everyone’s heart, stopping their feet after he slew the second man. Even though there were still people blocking the street and surrounding their carriage, everyone knew that he was not someone to be trifled with, and kept at a delicate distance.

The two corpses were simply left there in the open. Without the youth’s answer on what they could do, they did not have the bravery to do anything and could only pretend not to see them. These two bodies were also a deterrent to the new influx of people who came to see what the commotion was about.





Brendel sat in the carriage as he continued to wait for Freya with worry, but he did not display any of his emotions on his face. Suddenly a new batch of fearsome looking men came up from behind, forcing their way through the crowd and pushing them to the sides, even striking people who resisted a little.

“Trouble never seems to stop.” Brendel was alert and he frowned again.

“Who are they?” Ciel asked.

“They are merchants from the city.” The driver was terribly frightened in the beginning, almost wanting to abandon the carriage when Brendel killed the men, but suddenly realized that the stronger this noble was, the better the chance to survive this ordeal.

“They also look like they are bullies in the city.” Brendel observed their actions, then glanced at the driver’s face. The driver seemed to hesitate, as if he wanted to say something more, but Brendel knew that it did not mean anything well.

“Your peers doesn’t seem like good people, Romaine.”

“No problem, ” She sat beside him with a confident face, feeling very safe.

The group of men came near to the carriage, intending to pull the inhabitants off from it, but they suddenly spotted the two corpses on the ground and their expressions changed. The merchants and their guards exchanged glances, as they knew who to bully and who to leave alone.

They wavered for a while, then decided to push their through instead of picking a fight with the people inside the carriage. However, the guards who accompanied the merchants were used to bullying and they used more force than usual, and their numbers were big enough to push the people around near to the carriage. Because of that, a middle-aged man lost his footing after someone shoved him, and his head knocked onto the carriage’s wheel, bleeding profusely from the long gash that he sustained upon contact.

“Father!” A young panicked voice rang out admist the crowd. A boy was getting pushed further away.

The middle-aged man grunted as he used the carriage as a support to get up. He went straight up and charged angrily towards the guard who knocked him down. The guard who did not expect resistance was thrown into the crowd. Everyone went into a chaotic uproar, but the middle-aged man quickly ran towards the boy.

Just before he reached his son, the other guards already swarmed him like angry bees and struck him to the ground.

“Let go of my father!” The boy managed to slip past the packed crowd and ran straight to his father in tears. He tried to pull off the guards who were forcing his father down, but one of them simply flung his arm and the boy fell backwards. The guard who was knocked down by the middle-aged man cursed loudly as he got up, pulling his sword out as he cursed. He grabbed the middle-aged man’s hair and twisted his head.

“You fucking cockstain, are you tired of living? I’ll grant your wish today.”

The middle-aged man struggled futilely as the other guards pushed him down. The crowd who saw this scene turned their heads away. Even though they were angry and sad over this outcome, none of them dared to step out.

The guard continued to hurl insults at him as he raised his sword over his head, but before it swung down, a blast of wind came from the carriage. This visible wind blade not only went struck the sword, it also went past the hand that carried it. The guard suddenly screamed as he held a bloody stump; his hand was completely severed.





This sudden incident shocked the rest of the guards, and they pulled out their swords immediately, causing a metallic song to sound out as Brendel jumped down from the carriage again.

“Who are you?” The merchant yelled out after a moment. Even though Brendel’s attack awed him, he saw that Brendel was a young man and his attire did not look like he was a local noble. However, the merchant had never left Fortress Riedon his entire life and did not experience much of the world. If he was a noble from the capital, then he would at least recognize how big a threat Brendel’s attack was.

The youth merely glanced at the merchant and did not bother to talk any further.

But with this attack, Brendel’s situation changed immediately. There were many people in the crowd who experienced the guards’ oppression and were furious over their actions, but they did not have the power nor the courage to stand up to them. Now that someone with the ability to do so stood out, everyone subconsciously rallied to him.

Brendel suddenly became their natural leader and the atmosphere changed subtly. The merchants wanted to rely on numbers to suppress Brendel, but they hesitated when they saw the crowd gathering behind him.

A herd of sheep was not frightening, but a lion leading them was a different story, and Brendel had became that lion.

But the merchant who shouted at Brendel did not know that he could slay all of them two or three times all by himself. The merchant got increasingly irritated with the guard’s shrieks with his severed hand.

At this time, another group of men came to this area. Brendel took a look at their attire and recognized them as the Fortress Riedon’s cavalry who dealed with the public order.

Fortress Riedon was protected by the white-mane army, so there were no formal kingdom guards here. The local public order was maintained by forces belonging to the nobles. These forces were comprised of cavalry and infantry, and were more of a representation of the nobles’ powers than a true policing force.

Most of these forces were even more corrupt than the merchants, and the most laughable thing was how the infantry and cavalry viewed each other as enemies. In Brendel’s memories, they even hired players to steal each other’s territory.

However, after completing the series of missions he thoroughly despised them. He furrowed his brows as he watched them come nearer.

“What are all of you doing, fighting in the streets like there’s no law here.” The leader of the squadron spoke with an air of superiority. He glanced sidewards at the merchant, then relaxed his expression: “Ah, isn’t this messere Markov, how is your business recently?”

“Not too bad, Captain Gaspard. But there’s a man here who killed openly in the street and injured my men, what do you think you should do about this?”

The leader frowned. If it was an ordinary day, he would have the mood to extort from the youth in front of him, but now that Fortress Riedon was about to fall and everyone was about to be killed, he did not have the mood to do something like that. However, he was used to a dominating attitude and he subconsciously spoke to the youth with a condescending attitude.

“Who are you?”

Brendel lied after eyeing him. “Dunn.”

The leader looked suspiciously at Brendel, but suddenly there was a commotion behind them. Two yells with full of fright rang out loudly: “Monsters, monsters! They are a lot of monsters coming here!”

“It’s the undead, everyone run!”

Madara’s vanguard was coming.

People started to move even faster and started to push towards Gaspard’s and Markov’s guards, but they immediately hit back the swords in their sheaths, forcing them to halt in their advance, and cries could be heard all over the place.

Gaspard rubbed his forehead. He was different from Markov who had never been outside Fortress Riedon, and knew that this situation could not be contained. He had to think of another way, and his eyes went back at Brendel.





“You, bring your carriage over and block the road.” He pointed at Brendel: “You lot, block the road! The rest of you, stand to one side and let us pass!”

The citizens behind Brendel were in a dazed stupor once he said that. Gaspard’s usual actions in the day already displeased the citizens and for them to brandish their swords to stop them from blocking the road was the last straw.

“Why should we!” Someone yelled angrily.

“What a fucking stupid question.” Gaspard motioned his men to move away, and he pulled out his sword. “As a citizen of Fortress Riedon, helping the Public Order’s Cavalry to maintain the public order is your duty. What of it, do you want to resist?”

Everyone looked at the parted cavalry with their bared swords, and looked at the raging blue flames that were burning behind them, and admist these ghastly flames, they could see shadows of skeletons appearing. For a moment, they did not know what to reply.

Many eyes fell back on Brendel.

[Damn it. Standing out was indeed a problem.]

Brendel felt uncomfortable all over, but once he looked at the despair in the citizens’ eyes after being threatened by Gaspard and his cavalry, he sighed and lamented at this situation.

His soul came from the modern era, his bones were mired and steeped in a civilized, peaceful and prosperous society. He was proud of the place he came from, and it was a sanctuary that he would never let anyone trample upon.





He leaned forward slightly and entered into the most common Aouine’s military swordmanship attacking stance.

“I’m counting to ten,” Brendel’s voice spoke clearly, and Gaspard turned around. “If you don’t scram after ten counts, don’t blame me for being ruthless.”

Everyone stopped moving, and fell into silence.

Gaspard and Markov were especially surprised, and they almost felt as if their hearing had problems. The cavalry leader felt like he had been given a slap on the face, and the muscles in his neck bulged and tensed as he roared out.

“Kill this fucking bastard!”

The cavalry raised his swords and charged at his command.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 6




TL: Unedited.



Chapter 6 – A natural Lord

A miracle had happened before the citizen’s eyes.

The cavalry who charged towards the youth were crumpled like a piece of paper. Each time the youth moved, swords would either break or bend backwards, and steel splinters flew all over the place. The force carried behind the youth’s sword even hurled the rider’s horse upwards, before the rider flew off from the impact.

One, two, three, the citizens behind Brendel whispered, until seven of the riders were dismounted forcefully. The remaining three riders were already frightened to the point where they held the reins tightly and did not advance any further.

Gaspard stared at Brendel as if he was a devil, while Markov and his guards were frightened to the point where they forgot what they were holding in his hands. The refugees broke past their lines and ran to Brendel.





“Who are you?” Gaspard felt that the blood draining from his limbs. He had seen the captains in the White Mane’s squadrons training fights, and he felt they were elite fighters, but compared to the youth in front of him, they were amateurs.

[Who exactly is this person?!]

Brendel sheathed his sword and exhaled lightly. He used Power Break seven times, and he drained a fifth of his stamina, and he felt his hands were starting to go a little numb.

“I have already said my name. I’m Dunn.” Brendel pointed his sword at Gaspard and Markov. “Now, are all of you calm enough to listen to my words?”

The two leaders exchanged looks. How could they not listen? The riders who charged at him were not exactly amazing, but they were well trained and charged at their opponent with a horse. Even the soldiers of the White Mane army would avoid their direct attacks.

But he merely struck seven times with his sword, and each single blow knocked off a rider off his horse, and at the end of the fight he looked like he was not even tired, and even the captains under Luc Beson could not compare to him.

[He looks like he’s at least a intermediate Iron-ranked fighter, but he’s so young…] Gaspard swallowed. The captains under Luc Beson were veterans who were thirty to forty years old.

“Very good. It looks like you’re ready to listen.” Brendel nodded at the tongue-tied duo. “I regret asking you to scram, so I’m taking back my words. I want all of you to block the road. I don’t care how many undead comes here, your mission is to block them.”

“Ciel.” He continued speaking.

“Yes.” Ciel jumped down when he saw Brendel beckoning to him, and took out his pocket watch and passed it to him.

Brendel looked at the time. There was still a minute left to 4 PM, but Freya was still nowhere to be seen. After rubbing his forehead he raised his head up and said clearly: “All of you here are respected members of Fortress Riedon’s cavalry, helping out the refugees to gain time is a duty that you have. I am sure that none of you needs me to remind what you need to do, and will stand out with bravery to rush to the frontlines-”

“My lord, I am a merchant.” Markov did not dare to act smugly anymore and spoke carefully.

Brendel looked at him with an exasperated sigh. “You’re now under conscription.”

Markov’s mouth moved up and down wordlessly.





“Of course,” Brendel looked at the riders who got up from the ground. “I will be here personally to oversee everyone of you. Anyone who wants to flee as a deserted soldier, you can come back over here and try my steel. Whether you want to test me or fight against these damned skeletons, choose one.”

The citizens behind him had already started to move out to the north. People were pushing each other and trampled onto hapless people who stumbled onto the ground. The crowd was in a frenzied chaos as shrieks, curses and wails continued to poured forth from them, as if they were painting a picture of the world ending.

Admist this chaotic scene, the only place of calmness stemmed from Brendel alone.

“The rest of you, grasp this opportunity and leave now. Do not waste this chance that the cavalry gets for you by risking their lives.” Brendel tried to motion some of the remaining people who did not move. He was not a messiah, but he did not want to see more lives thrown away.

But he did not expect the majority of them to stay behind. The people had seen the unfortunate victims trampled to death by the frightened crowd, and even if they got out they were not certain that they could flee from Madara’s pursuit later on. They would rather place their hopes on Brendel, hoping that the incredible youth before them was able to lead them out.

There were many people with power in this world, but there were few who protected the weak. Brendel’s actions had left a deep impression to them, and the last sentence seemed to make them trust in him.

“You’re unwilling to leave?” Brendel looked shocked, suddenly guessing the thoughts of the people before him. He scratched his head and turned around, and saw Ciel with a face full of admiration. Brendel blurted out.

“What now?”

“In the era of the holy saints, the knights had eight virtues. Mercy was one of them. Every year in this era, there are many knights who swore to uphold the eight virtues in the Holy Cathedral of fire, but who amongst them are able to do something like this?”

The young man continued to speak. “To let the weak depend on you is the charm of the strong. But my lord, how are we going to achieve this?”

“I’ll think of something. Just let them stay.” He went to Markov and Gaspard. “Have you considered carefully?”

“Definitely, yes, we will fight against the skeletons.” Markov nodded as hard as he could.

Gaspard said nothing, but ordered his men to gather. He had talked with Markov and agreed that they had better odds fighting against the skeletons. If they went against the youth they would be killed instantly, while they had a better chance to fight Madara’s army. Furthermore, Brendel had said that he would stay behind, and it was likely he would help out in fighting the undead.

Gaspard was the leader of the cavalry, and was at least considered as a capable man who would submit when the time called for it. He was even better at doing it more naturally then Markov, since he had to watch himself in front of Luc Beson and Lord Esebar. In the end he still watched himself in front of the youth.

Brendel, on the other hand, admired his decisive personality to be ‘flexible’. He stood there waiting for the riders whose weapons he broke to change to short swords, and at least for the time being he did not have to consider that the men had no weapons.

The guards and riders’ faces were uneasy, with the exception of Gaspard.

These men might have been dominating bullies during the normal times, but they were no different from a common man when they faced the fearless undead. Once they thought they were going to face such a frightening existence in the legends, they felt their limbs tremble. The merchant Markov took a long spear and stood beside Brendel, trembling like a leaf without saying anything, and it was apparent that even standing there was difficult for him.

The citizens behind them looked at Brendel and wondered why the youth did not escape. Because of the words Ciel used to address Brendel, they thought he was at least a knight of some title. Since they decided to follow Brendel, they did not dare to leave if he did not.

A prolonged silence between them happened.

Finally, the first skeleton soldier appeared from the other end of a burning street, with two more behind it.

[Scouts.]

Brendel immediately recognized them. They came over with the sounds of bones striking against the hard ground. Their speed were not too fast or slow. He checked the pocket watch again. If Freya still did not come, he would let Ciel and Romaine move ahead first, while he would go out to find her. He would still see her as a comrade even if she did not manage to succeed, even if he was disappointed at her results.

He put down the watch as he saw the skeletons approaching the guards. There were seven of them, and if they divide themselves into three groups, they would easily destroy the low level skeletons, but they actually crumpled right there onto the ground, not even able to turn and flee—





The three skeletons killed the seven of them.

The eleven riders were so shocked and frightened they did not even have the courage to go up and fight back. Brendel was dumbfounded and surprised at the outcome that he could not react in time to save the guards. For one moment, he wanted to just cut the useless riders in front of him and be done with it, before checking himself as he still needed more bodies to cut a path through Madara’s army to save the citizens.

“What are you bunch of morons doing?! Where did your bravery go after bullying the citizens for so long!” Brendel shook his head and yelled at Gaspard: “You, show them how it’s done.”

“Me?” Gaspard might looked like he was calm, but his hands were turning into jelly.

Brendel said nothing more and just looked at him.

Gaspard clenched his teeth. He knew that he was most likely going to end up dead. He normally drank and feasted while sleeping with some wench during the normal times, and had already discarded his swordsmanship a long time ago. He glared at his subordinates, but they quickly averted their faces away and pretended not to meet his eyes.

“You bunch of bastards raised by prostitutes!” The rider cursed out loudly as he charged forward with his long sword, half trembling. One against three, and the youth appeared as if he had not intention to fight. He closed his eyes as he galloped closer to the skeletons, almost certain that he was going to be dead.

But right at this moment, there were rumbling noises that felt like horses galloping. Gaspard was a rider himself, and was familiar with the noises. That was the sound of a vanguard cavalry charging together. The rumbling noises got louder, as if it was thunder that came from a distance away. The earth seemed to tremble, and the skeletons turned their heads around, noticing the oddity of Lifeforce gathered together.

Three horses suddenly jumped out from the burning flames, and sword flashes could be seen as the skeletons were struck down into pieces. The riders on them pulled the horses’ reins, and galloped towards Brendel before stopping a slight distance away from him—

Brendel looked up and saw the figure of a person wearing sky blue armor, with one hand holding a sword, while the other hand pulling the reins. The long ponytail was illuminated by the flames in the street, and Brendel saw an elegant rider on top of a horse.

Behind her, more and more riders came out from the flames and gathered behind her, the majority of them wearing outfits that belonged to mercenaries.





[The majority of them looks like they are at least of an Iron-ranked fighter, and quite a few of them are at least intermediate ranks…] Brendel was surprised.

[Where did this group of mercenaries come from? There are at least ten over people here that are as good as Luc Beson’s captains! Wait— Could this be the private army of Freya’s father?] Brendel knew of Freya’s true birth, and took a wild guess.

“Brendel, where’s Romaine?” Freya looked curiously at the people in front of her.





* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 7




TL: Unedited.



Chapter 7 – Leader

The densely packed refugees successfully escaped from the north gate. They were spread out in the Pine River’s region and marched towards the valley plains, appearing like a trail of ants under the moonlight.

The misty lands ahead was the very south of the Hunting Deer mountainous range. In this area, there was a small mountain called the Silver Sparrow. There were beautiful Grinores fir trees growing in it, and these trees were shaped like a tower that point straight at the sky. Bears and bristling wolves frequently appeared in this area, and players tend to party in the game to handle any sudden dangers that occur suddenly.

Brendel believed the first step was to enter this area to avoid any dangers that would come from the valley plains. Madara’s forces had been completely unleashed, and they would absorb raise even more undead from the people they killed.

[The greatest nightmare would be seeing an endless sea of skeletons in the valley plains… Fortunately that has not come to pass.]

But under the foggy night, there were signs of skeleton riders appearing in and out of the shadows, signifying a terrible omen. These skeletons came directly from the heart of Madara’s land, and it was difficult to create them during this era. However, these creatures were common in the game world’s era where magic and swordsmanship became increasingly complicated with repeated wars.

Brendel stared at the quick shadows that darted in and out of the fog. They spied at the masses and disappeared after a short while, only to reappear somewhere closer to the throng of refugees. Brendel became a little worried and instructed Freya to check on the refugees behind them, as well as to protect the flanks. He soon went to check on the refugees himself.





Freya’s suggestion to steal the nobles’ horses appeared as a great suggestion to the mercenaries, proving that she was willing to risk everything to fight alongside with the mercenaries. If Brendel had not taught her various things, she would not have managed to pull this off.

She was the first to charge into the market which was still being pelted with arrows, then cleanly severed the rope that raised the bridge to allowed the citizens to escape. From then on, Leto and the other mercenaries decided to stay behind and bet on her.

In comparison, the youth who was constantly praised by that young girl appeared to be meek in their eyes. He merely traveled quietly in the horse carriage beside the driver with his hand on his sword, brooding quietly while Ciel, a young man who wore a long robe was dozing off in the carriage. Romaine was peering out curiously at the environment, while taking care some of the children who sat in there.

She did not feel tired at all, only feeling her heart beating quickly. It was exciting and thrilling to escape from the undead with such a mysterious night. It was the adventure that she had been waiting all along.

Mano’s mouth curled and twisted. He stamped a ‘useless weakling’ on Brendel’s forehead in his eyes once he saw that Brendel did not know how to ride a horse.

[This noble brat must be some sort fake strategist who has never been in a war. How do you even command an army when you can’t even ride?! … No, this cannot do. I can’t let a naive girl like Freya fall prey to his lies.]

He poked at his companion beside him and gestured at him, then to two horses. The companion looked at his eyes and immediately understood. The truth was the group of mercenaries had the same mindset. Furthermore, Brendel even let Freya order them to protect the refugees. Even though they were silent on the issue, their hearts were displeased. Why were they bringing this burden along with them? Now that all the mercenaries had a horse, they should actually dash straight away to safety and stay far away from the undead blight.

In fact, some of them had already suggested this thought to Leto, but the bar owner dismissed their grumblings and sent them straight off to Freya instead. There was a code of honor amongst the mercenaries. Freya was the one who led them to steal horses successfully, and they had an agreement prior to this, and thus they could not simply just leave.

The mercenaries continued to wait since they agreed to see if Brendel had a strategy in mind, but if he did not fulfill that agreement….

The skeleton riders appeared thirty seconds faster than the previous time, before disappearing quietly into the night. The huge crescent moon was somewhere to the east, and it illuminated the fang-shaped mountains that were shrouded in fog. Brendel looked at the pocket watch after the skeleton rider disappeared, with the edge of the pocket watch casting a cold glint on his face.





“Why are you quiet?” He turned his head towards Freya who rode beside him. She looked uneasy ever since she rejoined him, and constantly kept her head down.

He had not expected to encounter so many refugees who were willing to follow him, but Freya’s timely arrival with so many mercenaries had helped him out, and he wanted to praise her for that.

[Originally there were just a few dozens, but the refugees have grown to two or three hundred. Since there is a herd mentality, they would be more and more people joining me… Hmm…]

On the other hand, Freya was afraid that her independent action would cause Brendel to be unhappy, but she was afraid to voice out her opinion. She originally wanted to simply surpass him, but now she only wanted to perform as favorably as she could in Brendel’s heart. This change in mentality was too subtle for her to notice it.

“Y-you’re not blaming me?” She raised up her head with wild eyes after noticing there was nothing odd in Brendel’s voice. Her light brown eyes were clear and reflected the moonlight greatly, showing off the evident surprise in her eyes.

“Is there something I should blame you for? You did really well.”

“But I was late.”

“Any plans will have their moments where things don’t go right. As long as you don’t cross the limit it’s fine. I’m a little late myself.”

“Erm, I……”

The two of them suddenly went quiet as they noticed a mercenary approaching them. He greeted Brendel politely like a commoner would greet a noble. He then raised the two horses’ reins up. “My lord, please choose a horse and ride. It will be easier for you if a fight breaks out.”

Brendel observed him for a few seconds, before guessing what he had in mind. He jumped down the carriage, raised his head towards him and asked: “What are the vital points for riding a horse?”

The mercenary was momentarily surprised when he got down, but immediately showed deep condescension in his eyes when he heard his words.

[Mother Marsha above, this silly halfwit is making me laugh. If you don’t know how to ride one, don’t act as if you know how to. Do you really think you can learn how to ride one in a day? Heavens, there are only a few nobles who can’t ride a horse!]





It was especially shameful in the eyes of a soldier who fought in battles for not knowing how to ride.

However, in order to let him make a fool out of himself in front of Freya, he still taught him in detail.

[Even if I tell you everything, you would never be able to ride one so quickly, otherwise we riders should just knock our heads onto a wall.]

“First, you should go the side of the horse, see that stirop? Since you’re doing it for the first time, you should place your feet slowly onto it before –”

The moment he opened his mouth to instruct him, Brendel already received the notification on whether he would like to spend 15 AP to learn riding. He appeared to be unfamiliar on mounting the horse when he placed his foot on the stirop, but when he lifted himself up over the horse, he pulled the reins and started trotting around, as if he had rode for years.

[Well, level 3 horse riding is sufficient to do combat on a horse. I spent 45 AP in total.]

Brendel wanted to learn the skill a long time ago, but he did not know that Freya knew how to ride one, otherwise he would have asked her a long time ago. He could not help but long for the ‘Probe’ ability.

When he turned towards the mercenary, he saw him glaring back with a face full of humiliation and anger.

————————– Princess POV ———————————-

“Wait,” The princess interrupted Oberbeck’s narration. “Did you say he was an amateur when he climbed up the horse?”

“Indeed so, my lady. If I am not wrong, he was very unused to the action of climbing a horse, similar to many beginners. Oberbeck answered politely.”

“Can a person really learn a skill like this in moments?” The girl could not believe it. Even though that she thought herself as smart, she still spent half a month in doing so.

“Unless he wanted to intentionally deceive that man, I am afraid the truth is simply that.” Oberbeck felt that it was unbelievable as well, but he did not believe the young man was able to fool him.

“Surely he did that on purpose. This man is really a master at manipulating hearts.” The princess murmured to herself.

[That might not be true.] Oberbeck answered in his heart, but he did not say it out loud and merely continued the story.

——————————Back to Brendel————————–

Ciel who watched the encounter between them, also jumped down from the carriage, cast a glance at the mercenary and took over the reins. He mounted the horse elegantly. He was a squire and riding was a necessary skill for him. Even though he was not considered as an elite rider, he was considerably experienced in it.

Freya watched the two of them, thinking that he was good in everything but was just too fond of deceiving people. The girl felt a little flushed when she remembered the incident where he taught her first aid.

The mercenary looked the lord and his squire showing off their riding skills, and he felt he was played a fool and had a deep shade of purple in his face. Mano who was behind them noticed that his companion was in a disadvantage, so he quickly rode up and came to their sides.

“Young man, how long more do we need to protect these men?” He was quite straightforward, and asked Brendel directly.

“From here to the Valley of Sharp Boulders. If we can bring them to the other side, we can basically ensure their safety.”

Brendel started urging his horse forward so that he could catch up with Freya.

“Perhaps you can’t do it, but I can.”





Mano also followed him, while he asked curiously.

“How are you going to do that?”

Brendel pulled out his sword and pointed at an area high up.

“There are skeleton riders up there and they are the elite scouts of Madara’s army, and they come directly from Madara’s core lands. Bring some men and chase them away. The refugees need at least half an hour more before they are able to reach the Silver Sparrow Mountain, and I want to ensure there is no threat to the flanks.”

Mano looked blankly at Brendel as he did not expect that his question was the excuse for Brendel to give him a command. He looked at Freya as their agreement was with her, not Brendel.

“Brendel?” Freya was willing to believe his words, but she found his attitude to be too demanding.

Brendel sheathed his sword and replied: “I say, most of you, or perhaps everyone of you, is just thinking for yourself on how to escape here safely. There’s no need for me to say any more since you’re unwilling to bring these refugees out with me. You have an agreement with Freya, right? Speak up. If you are able to convince me, I’ll let everyone leave with a horse.”

Mano straightened his back up. He finally realized this ‘Noble youth’ was not a simple man. He had dictated the flow of the conversation with just a few sentences. As a leader who had led a group of mercenaries back then, he was employed by various nobles, but he had never seen one with such an impressive air about him.

“Since we’re mercenaries, we’re willing to work for you if you can pay us. However, under such extraordinary circumstances, we have to consider ourselves first, there’s nothing shameful about it.” The veteran mercenary replied naturally.

“Indeed. But I have to refute your point of view. Do you truly believe that you would be able to escape from here just because you have a horse? Madara’s army also consist of aerial units. Have you seen spirits and bone eagles? These creatures, which are the eyes of the undead wizards, fly and patrol the area. Do you know how to avoid them?”

Brendel patted his sword. He did not believe these mercenaries understood the frightening aspects of the undead army. Just because they killed a few skeletons and vampires, they understood Madara’s army system? In that case he undead wizards should just take a hammer and destroy themselves.

Leto and his daughter had followed Mano closely when they saw him approaching Brendel. He frowned at Brendel’s words.

“Then you have a plan?”

“I am uncertain of the outcome. I doubt anyone has a perfect plan for this. But my chances in the forest are much higher, so I have to consider how to stop the skeleton riders from following us. If they attack our flanks, the refugees will not be able to move quickly.”

Mano and Leto went into a silent deliberation. They felt that his words were true.

Brendel suddenly urged his forward forward, climbing up onto a high spot. He turned back to the mercenary and took a ruby out from his pocket: “If you truly want to have a chance at surviving, then follow me. If you choose to run away, then only those who are blessed by the gods would be able to make it out. My order is very simple.

Listen to my commands, and protect Freya so that she can lead these refugees out of the valley of the other end. All of you are mercenaries, so this ruby is my initial deposit. If you succeed in my request, they would be more where it comes from.”

He threw the ruby up and it landed in an arc beside Leto’s feet. Freya pointed at herself in confusion, and she asked loudly: “Me? Brendel why is it me?” She looked at the refugees in confusion. They were obviously brought by Brendel, so she simply could not understand why she was the one to lead the refugees out.

It was not that she was unwilling, but she did not know if she could do it if there were so many people. She was starting to become uneasy.

[I’m just a small militia captain. Now I’m leading dozens of experienced mercenaries, which suddenly jumped up to hundreds and might even reach a thousand??!]

Brendel merely smiled as he had already planned things out. He rode back to Leto and Mano, beckoning them.

“Go now. Gather your men and choose how you want to die. Go your separate ways and encounter the Madara’s army and become an undead as well, or take my money and become a real mercenary who chooses to protect the weak, cutting a bloody pathway for them.”

He turned his head back again. The skeleton riders once again appeared under the moonlight. This time they were faster by ten seconds.

(TL: Stirop, Middle English, = stirrup. It’s the foot platform that a rider will step on before lifting himself and placing himself over the horse.)



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 8




TL: Unedited.



Chapter 8 – Cavalry, charge forward!

Leto and Mano chose to believe in Brendel’s words. There was conviction in his voice, and even if he was lying to them, he at least had the confidence and ability to lead. In addition, he had a great reason for them to follow him.

Money.

This word was closely tied to mercenaries, and it was a bridge that made the unreasonable things into reasonable logic.

There was no need to gather ten odd veteran mercenaries. They communicated by hand gestures, and they gathered quickly from the crowd in mere moments.

[These men are not common soldiers, not bad at all.] Brendel thought to himself.





He also made the riders from Fortress Riedon’s Public Order Cavalry gather up as well. He needed the men at hand to be split up into two groups. Even though this was a shabby lot, but they could be used if they were trained.

He urged his horse round this group once, then stopped at one side. He checked the pocket watch again and estimated.

A number of the long snaking crowd of refugees who progressed slowly looked at the gathered riders. They wondered what this group of twenty odd riders was going to do. The majority of them who joined in later did not know who Brendel was, but had a deep impression of the female rider who maintained order.

They kept asking each other who the girl was, and for some reason Freya’s status kept rising. From the captain of a militia to the captain of the Public Order Cavalry, a member of the White-Mane swordsman army and even the captain of the Aouine Kingdom’s guards. In any case, they recognized her as the leader and they simply needed to follow her and they would be led to safety.

The needle moved to the final second that Brendel planned, and he started to move.

He raised the Elven sword and pointed forward. The riders immediately followed him, and under his instruction, they dashed towards a road leading to the higher ground.

“What the hell is he doing?”

“Won’t we look like fools if we just rush up like this if the group of skeleton riders appear in the other direction?” Mano blurted out.

“Fuck! If these monsters appear on the other side and charged into the refugees, they would be disorganized even if we run back in time. This bloody brat doesn’t know how to fight at all, I can’t believe you fell for his damned lies!” Another man fumed.

“Didn’t you believe in him just now?”

“…. I’m just out for the money.” That man paused slightly before refuting.

Brendel ordered them to move even faster. The riders charged forth, creating a thunderous sound.

[Two seconds. Almost… There!]

The group of riders took to the high ground first, but they were immediately surprised by the scene before them. (TL: High ground offers a wider FOV, and troops tend to tire less when fighting uphill and move faster. For more info, go wikipedia it.)

Forty odd skeleton riders were retreating backwards. This proved that Brendel chose the right location, stole the higher ground and surprised the enemy, and everyone glanced at the youth for a moment, wondering how he managed to know the enemy’s location.

Brendel waved his sword twice after determining the undead’s formation, and charged forth towards the skeleton riders, ordering the mercenaries to charge along with him.





[What?! Now is not the time to charge at them, you’re too impatient! What if these undead move into a direction? Furthermore we don’t know how fast they can retreat, we might lose our advantage if we just rush blindly!] Mano thought to himself.

The other mercenaries were also of the same opinion. They should wait a little longer, since they held the high ground and will always have the advantage. Even the riders from Fortress Riedon who had a little more faith from him after he stole the high ground, hesitated and did not want to let go of this advantage.

But Brendel did not seemed to notice and merely pointed at the direction, which merely meant that everyone was to charge forth!

After a second, when he realized they did not not follow him, he turned his head and roared.

“Are you all chickenshit cowards! Charge! Even if we don’t have the advantage of the high ground, they will not be able to occupy the high ground if we attack them!”

Brendel seemed to inject a form of energy into the men after they heard the roar. The fact that he was to charge in the fray instilled a sense of confidence in them. In Aouine’s strongest era, the cavalry and nobles who fought with them, became the emblem of unstoppable bravery that was recognized throughout the continent, and now in this place, they were about to become the same emblem of—

Unstoppable bravery.

No one had seen this happen in this kingdom for many decades. It was as if it had become a glorious memory of the past, and these memories were slowly fading into darkness and disappear.

But right now, there was a figure in this high ground outside Fortress Riedon, that was a lightning streaking across the dark chasm, as if to cut through a hidden curtain to signify the start of a new era.

Ciel watched the back of his lord with gleaming eyes, his heart overwhelmed with emotions. He urged his horse forward, and whistled with his fingers.

The mercenaries unsheathed their weapons and roared, rushing forward like a broken dam. Even the most timid soldier in the riders felt his blood was boiling too every part in his body, feeling as if he unstoppable and unbreakable.

A mercenary watched Brendel ride on the horse with precise control as if he was one with the horse.

“Mano, did you say he didn’t know how to ride at all?”

“He didn’t know how to do it in the beginning.”

“You must be fooled by him, haha.”





“Oh fuck off!” He blustered angrily.

Everyone believed that they would be victorious.

————————- Princess POV ——————————

The princess froze with a teacup in her hand. The tea was already cold, but she was so engrossed in the story that she did not realized that. When Oberbeck started describing the cavalry’s charge, her silver eyes shone brightly.

After a long moment, she asked in a daze: “He led the charge?”

Then she started to murmur as she rearranged her thoughts. “That’s incredible. It feels like we have gone back to our brightest era. Aouine’s knights who held war horns and fluttering capes with the squires holding on to the flags. When the war horns are blown, the riders would charge forth and create a sea of our cities’ emblems, Corvado, Grinoires, Ankries that represented our kingdom. They were unstoppable…”

Oberbeck coughed once. He knew that the princess had great ambition for the royal family, but he sighed as she was not a boy. Compared to the Oberg the seventh’s son who had a weak personality, the princess was a better leader..

[This is fate laughing at us.]

The girl finally realized her blunder, but she naturally diverted the topic. “And then, did they win?”

—————————- Brendel POV ———————

Their charge was faster than the skeletons’ retreat. In the mercenaries eyes, a miracle seemed to happen. No matter how the skeleton riders twisted and turn, their path was always predicted by Brendel. Each time Brendel’s sword point out into a direction, the mercenaries would move in that direction and become closer to the skeletons.

Finally, the riders collided into the weak formation of the skeleton riders like a giant hammer. Brendel swung his sword with a roar, and the sword arte smashed into four riders, bending and shattering the bones into the air and raining onto the ground. The mercenaries struck and charged ahead onto the flanks, creating a giant hole in their defense.

Brendel continued forward, pulling his sword back to prepare for a strike, then smashed the skeleton rider that was in front of him with the ability ‘Power Break’. The rider was immediately hurled backwards onto another skeleton. Two veteran mercenaries coordinated perfectly and destroyed the skeletons easily.

Brendel then urged his horse forward towards the commanding necromancer. Before it managed to recite the second spellword, Brendel thrust the Thorn of Light into its skull, immediately hoisting it up into the air before he threw it to the ground. White flames burned from the pierced area and it turned into ashes.

Each time Brendel charged in and out, countless golden lights would fly up into the sky and then flew into his chest. The mercenaries would work together with him and shatter another skeleton quickly.

However, once the skeleton riders lost their commanding leader, they started to gather together and prepare for their own charge due to their instinct to destroy living creatures. However, Brendel commanded the mercenaries to get to the higher ground and prepare for another charge.

After a moment, they clashed into each other again, but the skeleton riders were completely defeated.

Brendel had aimed for this outcome. If the necromancer was not defeated, they would gradually be able to pull away from them as their horses had unlimited stamina. He then ordered the mercenaries to stop and rest on the spot, while ordering Ciel to come along with him so he could gather the loot.

Everyone could not believe it. They actually won, and only two of their men were injured.

But they did not know that Brendel was incredibly familiar with the skeleton riders’ strategy, even more so than the commanding necromancer that led them. His lips curled for a while. Madara was a like a cursed rival. He had never defeated them during this era in the game, but it was different now.

After looking through the loot, he asked Gaspard to gather up all the swords as there was nothing particular valuable on them. Madara’s obsidian swords were better than what the mercenaries had, as they used Soul Fire to forge the steel.

Brendel went up to Leto and Mano, and pointed to a place far away. “Do you hear that?”

Leto and Mano looked differently at Brendel. He not only proved his commanding abilities in the battle, his terrifying sword skills and prowess deeply shocked everyone present.

The skeletons that crossed swords with him either had their shoulders or whole body twisted off, and their swords even bend or broke from the Elven Sword’s strike.





The greatest impression on him, however, was the unbelievable confidence they had when they charged alongside with him, and everyone fell in love with the thrilling excitement.

As Leto and Mano listened carefully, they heard clacking sounds.

“A skeleton army…. No, a sea of skeletons.”

Brendel was surprised. He did not expect it was Leto who first answered, and his judgment was accurate. He had thought that he was merely a bar owner, but his identity seemed that it was not as simple as he thought.

[Strange. Where did this bunch of mercenaries come from. Their abilities are just too good to be some common mercenaries.]

Mano’s expression also changed. The number within the fog were most likely thousands. He scrutinized Brendel again.

[This youth…. how did he know the skeletons are there. Even the timing to attack the scouts was just too good, even to the point of choosing the best timing to do so. If these scouts were not removed, then it would truly be disastrous. Unless we abandoned these refugees we won’t be able to escape from that army…]

“Do we need to check their progress” Leto’s face was grave.

“No, there’s no need to. Their scouts are not here anymore and they won’t be able to catch up with us.” Brendel waved his hand. “I only want the both of you to know this, there’s no need to say it out loud. I’m familiar with Madara’s tactics, so if you just follow me, I have the confidence to bring you out–”

“But there’s one thing. The battles ahead cannot be avoided, and everyone of us might perish here. You have to be prepared, because the battles would only intensify and will not be so simple like the one we had just now.”

“Prepared,” Mano laughed. “Kid, we’re mercenaries. We’re definitely better than you in this regard. Let me tell you something, Leto experienced the ‘Roanoke’s Valley blood Battle.”

[A veteran of ‘The November War’?] Brendel smiled as he looked at Leto and sheathed his sword without saying anything.

He looked up at the moon. The sky was becoming brighter, hinting at dawn’s arrival. At least they were not going to meet Spirits in this night.

He exhaled.

TL: Feels like Leto = Dunn. Lol.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 9




TL: Unedited.



Chapter 9 – The first day.

It was just as Brendel had predicted, after the mercenaries defeated the scouting group of skeleton riders, the undead army did not find them. Brendel successfully led the refugees into the Silver Sparrow Mountain.

[The low level undead and vampires’ strength will drastically go down during the daytime. Until they completely vanquish the White-Mane army, they would not let the skeletons to advance all over the mountainous region. But at the same time, once they take hold of the graveyards in Fortress Riedon, their army will drastically increase. Based on the game, when Tarkus reached the northern area, Dragos, their army had already grown to a hundred thousand, 5 times the number of the entire Grinoires forces…]

Brendel pondered as he watched the refugees. The number of the refugees that joined them had grown to approximately five hundred, and along with them were horse carriages and mules carrying heavy luggage, and the entire length of the people was even half a kilometer long. Some of these refugees were even fortunate enough to find their lost relatives, and for a moment they felt there was hope.

Romaine had sneaked off during the daytime and moved off with her precious backpack. She was sitting on another carriage which was filled with luggage. A few kids were sitting there and listening to her story with wild eyes about how brilliant Brendel was throughout the whole journey.

She suddenly saw a man and woman riding towards her, and she lowered her head in fright.





Brendel only slept for three hours. That was the first time in these few days that he slept, but because of his constant worrying over the Madara’s army, he did not sleep well. Despite that, he quickly spotted someone familiar, and realized that the girl who was acting strangely was Romaine. He laughed and shook his head:

“Why did you sneak out?”

“I’m bored.” Romaine answered with a lowered head.

“It’s dangerous outside,” Freya frowned and glared at her best friend, her voice full of worry: “If there’s something that happened to you, how am I going to explain to aunt Jennie?”

“There’s nothing really dangerous here, I’m just telling them a story.” When Romaine said that, her eyebrows went up.

The brats nodded.

“I’m not talking about what you’re doing right now,” Freya sighed. “Do you know how bad things are right now?”

Brendel found it a little funny and asked: “What story are you telling them?”

“It’s about you.”

Brendel beckoned to her and asked her to come closer. The merchant girl paused slightly, but went to the edge of the carriage without suspecting him. However the youth grabbed her face with both of his palms and pinched both her cheeks firmly: You must listen to Freya and take care of yourself, okay?

Romaine was frightened to the point that she whined pitifully, trying to pry his hands off and raised both of her short eyebrows: “I. mmmf….. got it, l-let gooo!”

Then she ducked to the other corner of the carriage and watched him warily.

Brendel smiled inwardly as he felt the warmth remained in his fingers. But when he looked at Freya, she was full of envy. After she met his eyes, she immediately blushed and turned her head angrily and said: “S-shameless, I don’t care anymore…….”

She threw down this line and left, leaving a speechless Brendel behind and wondering what he did to offend that girl. As he stood there scratching his head, Leto and Mano came to find him.

They came to find him because they wanted to choose some men to make a militia group. The truth was, after entering the Silver Sparrow mountain, the surroundings had become increasingly complicated. There were many fir trees that blocked their vision, and besides the need to spot for Madara’s scouts, they also had to be alert against the bears and bristling wolves in this forest.

With the increasing number of refugees joining them, even if Brendel throw in all the riders to guard them, there might not be enough to defend them.

Furthermore, they had to send a few riders in a fan shaped direction to scout for the way ahead, their numbers were just too tight.

Fortunately, there were many who done militia training and they were willing to fight. With the distribution of the skeleton’s swords and their personal stock of weapons, they were able to equip fifty odd men. Leto and Mano arranged them to guard the flanks and rear, as well as having them to patrol the refugees to maintain order. However, even though it was easy on paper, implementing was actually troublesome. They spent the entire morning doing this. Leto wanted to report the outcome to Brendel.

But Mano wanted to talk about something else. He had gathered the armor pieces from the skeleton riders with Ciel, and wanted Brendel to take a look at the fragments.

Brendel inspected the broken fragments individually under the sun, then felt the inner layer, finally turning the fragments all around. He found the familiar sigil, an eye.

He placed the armor back onto Mano’s hand and said: “Looks like the scouts are from the [Undead Maggot]’s army, just like the history log—”





He suddenly realized Mano was looking at him in confusion, and he immediately coughed: “The Undead Maggot, Medes, is half zombie. As a leader of Madara’s army, he’s especially good at gathering numbers, but he likes to move in the night. If that time comes, you would be able to see a zombie army crawling all over the mountains.”

Leto and Mano looked at each other. They did not understand why Brendel knew so much about Madara, but he did not look like he was bragging, especially when there was no need to. He had already impressed them with yesterday’s night battle.

Suddenly Brendel stopped talking and looked at the sky. There were several black dots in the south-eastern skies, and he was uncertain they were mountain birds or Madara’s bone eagles. But he soon abandoned that thought.

They were under the cover of thick trees which severely limited their vision.

At the remaining years of the final era, between 421st and 426th years, the bone eagles filled the skies, and even when the players used flying dragons, they were unable to drive them back. That was when Madara was at its height, using overwhelming numbers as a strategy to the limits.

However with such few eagles, once they reach Hunting Deer Mountains with even thicker forests, even if they had one or two thousand refugees, they would not be discovered. This was why Brendel chose to go to the Silver Sparrow Mountain’s path instead of the river area which was far easier to move. He did not mention this alternate path as he was afraid of divided opinions amongst the mercenaries.

Even though he believed they wanted to help out the refugees, mentioning this was not a good idea—

Brendel thought for a while and continued. “Even though Medes likes to move in the night, he wouldn’t slack off in the day either. He would get elite ghouls and wights to hound the refugees. Their priorities however, should be on the White-Mane army, except they probably don’t know where Luc Beson is.”

[The worst outcome is we get discovered by the Bone Dragons. There should be three of them under Tarkus. If we moved towards a stretch of open area like a river valley or something…. But Tarkus would most likely stay in Fortress Riedon for a few days, since that place is the greatest obstacle while the area towards Dragos is unprotected…]

Brendel spoke as he looked into the direction of the river valley.

At this point, Brendel had become a rising star or a future leader amongst his peers in Leto and Mano’s eyes. Even the way how they looked at him as a noble was different from the usual ones they met.

Brendel had actually once tried to change Ciel’s way of addressing him, but after hearing the charming youth’s way of addressing him with a serious ‘My master’, he suddenly shivered, and silently acknowledged the title of ‘My lord’ instead.





After considering the issue, he could only attribute this problem as a ‘Default Factory Settings’.

No additional problems occured after the security issue was settled in the morning. However, the number of refugees became bigger and bigger. Groups of refugees escaped from the river valley’s direction, and brought about news of the Madara’s army.

Brendel had predicted correctly. Medes army of ghouls and wights combined their forces along with Kabias’s skeletal army and fought intensely with the White-Mane army, and Brendel estimated that they would have an outcome only in the evening.

The number of refugees had expanded to approximately a thousand. In the middle of their journey, Brendel had allowed them to stop and make a meal. It was fortunate that these refugees that escaped from the north of Fortress Riedon had sufficient time to gather necessities and food as Madara’s army concentrated their forces in the other three directions, and Brendel did not need to think about the lack of food.





But even so, he had also considered his choice properly. The forest in the Hunting Deer Mountain was a place filled with resources. The different types of animals were plentiful and there was an abundance of fruits and mushrooms. If they tried to gather these resources, even though it might be difficult to support one or two thousand people, they would not starve.

In the afternoon around three pm or so, the scouts ahead brought news for Brendel, however, this was not about Madara—

Someone requested to see him.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 10




TL: Unedited.



Chapter 10 – Alchemy

Brendel was basking in the warm sun in between two fir trees, when he saw the riders bringing one person —

[Hmm? There’s one whole group of people behind that man.]

The man and his group followed the mercenaries and slid down from a slope and walked towards Brendel. Two of them took the long way and led their horses down the slope. They either wore thick leather armor, or had chain mails on them, and a few of them were bandaged. WIth a painted shield and long sword, they looked like they were mercenaries just like Mano.





They were not far from Brendel, and he could see a gigantic man beside Gaspard, which appeared to be the leader.

[Probably a man from Arreck in the north, or at least he has that lineage from that area.]

That man had an eye-catching crimson beard, a squarish face, and a sword scar across his brow. He wore a shirt with a broad opening in the center, showcasing incredible muscles with apparent striations on them, and his sleeves were folded back to his elbow.

[This man must be confident in his own prowess, otherwise he wouldn’t have worn only a leather shoulder guard… Other than a row of axes on his belt, there’s no other weapons on him. That’s an Arreck weapon used by the native warriors, sometimes used as a throwing weapon.]

That barbarian-like giant took off his head and bowed respectfully. “I greet you, respected lord knight, I represent the Crimson Wolves Mercenaries, and I am their leader, Batum.”

[Batum? That’s certainly Arreck’s word for red or crimson.]

His hand lowered closer to his sword, but it was subtle enough that Batum did not notice it. Brendel merely nodded and wait for his response.

Right at this moment, the refugees had spread rumors about Brendel’s identity. At this point of time, holding the status of a noble had an advantage, so Brendel did not deny or admit that he was one, instead displaying an ambiguous response to create a mysterious air about him.

Batum’s heart grew conflicted as Brendel did not say anything. He inquired carefully.

“Respected Lord knight, are you bringing these refugees to escape from Madara’s army?”

Brendel took a look at him and nodded.

“If I may be so bold, do you still lack men?”

“Why, do you intend to join us?” Brendel was surprised, but he immediately realized these mercenaries were most likely chased all the way from the River of Sharp Rocks. Their group must be completely exhausted and needed someone to offer them protection.

[Just as expected, Luc Beson was defeated. The White-Mane army and Medes, Kabias has just ended.]





Brendel looked up and check the mountains that were in a distance away.

[It seems that even more refugees and the White-Mane army will join us… The scale of our size is going to become bigger.]

Batum saw that the young noble was holding on to his sword, and he stared ahead in a daze. His heart was becoming anxious. He quickly nodded: “Yes, respected Lord Knight, we just need a little food and medicine and a bit of rest, and we can fight for you.”

“What happened there?” Brendel suddenly said.

Batum looked at him in confusion.

“I’m talking about the River of Sharp Rocks. How many Madara undead did you see.”

“Countless, Lord Knight, there were countless troops of skeleton riders, and they kept chasing endlessly during the night time. They forced the refugees to flee constantly, and that fucking son of a whore Luc Beson did not even managed to defend against them even once. He had lost battle after battle, then finally they got ambushed by a large group of fucking monsters, and the entire army was nearly wiped out!”

Brendel was not surprised at this outcome. Even though the ‘tiger’ Luc Beson was indeed a considerably impressive leader, he was unable to escape from this tragedy, and failure was a given.

“— Wait, a group of monsters? What kind of monsters?”

“These creatures are as tall as humans, their skin was completely smooth and their bodies are of a dark green color. They wore long steel claws and there was a terrible rotting smell on them. They climbed up the boulders around the river and suddenly ambushed us. We did not prepare ourselves for their attacks and the survivors were only two or three out of ten men.”

[Ghouls. Were there wights that appeared as well? These ghouls are one rank higher than the skeleton riders, and one rank lower than the black warriors and pale knights, but their numbers are great… How many are there? One hundred? Two hundred? They are level 20 creatures and each of them has the strength of a low Iron-ranked fighter… It’s not surprising that the White-Mane army would lose, especially when they ambushed them.]

“Lord knight?” Batum once again troubled when Brendel fell into silence.

Brendel finally nodded. “If you want to join my group, you have to observe my rules. I will hire you, and besides the money, I will also give you a place to rest. Gaspard, bring them some food, medicine and bandages.”

He patted Batum’s shoulder. “Rest well. You have to prepare yourself for the upcoming battles.”

“Thank you for you generosity, Lord Knight!” Batum bowed deeply. Brendel’s terms were beyond his expectations. He had been to many places, but he had never such a kind noble.

Another mercenary rider who escorted Batum asked: “What about you, my lord?”

“The rest of you return to your posts. I need to be alone and rest for a while.” Brendel answered while he looked at his surroundings.





[This place is suitable.]

Brendel did not need to rest, but he wanted to use alchemy. Alchemy in Vaunte was not a mysterious art, and the people in most workshops knew at least a little of it. But to raise it a level where it was of use, required a vast experience and knowledge.

In game terms, there were two set of different usage before level 5 and after level 5. Artisans used this technique to gather different materials, and before level 5 it appeared like chemistry.

After level 5, it becomes a mysterious art. Wizards would use alchemy to extract pure crystals and magical reagants. They would then use it to transmute things and even create magical potions.

By combining them with blacksmithing, technology and enchantment, they would be able to create the legendary magic armor. There were many blacksmiths and apprentices working in a workshop, and Brendel was able to obtain ‘Basic Alchemy’ after asking a few questions.

Raising the alchemy skill set required 122 AP, but this did not prove to be a problem for him, as he had leveled up enough to get 164 AP.

[The ideal situation for me is to get level 6 Alchemy so I can make magic potions, but my true status is a ‘Commoner’. As a NPC commoner, I can only learn up to level 5 Alchemy, a noble – level 7, an alchemist specialist – level 15. If I want to go up any higher, I need to change my status. The same goes for learning side skills from other professions…]

After waiting for Batum and the other riders have left, he continued to wait a while and confirming there was no one else, he came to an empty area, and carefully swept away the leaves. He drew out his sword and draw a simple magic circle.

[Energy Transmutation. Blood Transmutation.]

Magic circles came from level 4 alchemy, with artisans using them to extract energy and crystalize them. However, the Blood Transmutation was the true reason why he wanted to avoid everyone. This technique actually came from Madara, and the Holy Cathedral of Fire strictly forbade the usage of this spell. This was because it harmed the user and went against their basic rules.

However, this was incredibly useful as a skill because it ignored the need for materials, and under any circumstances, the user would be able to transmute simple materials into something useful.

But the players in Aouine, Kirrlutz used it freely as they only wanted effectiveness. The price for using it was merely dropping a level if they were discovered.

However, Brendel was a little anxious here. It was a scenario of ‘Off with his head!’ instead of just dropping a level, since doing it in the open was challenging the authority of the Holy Cathedral of Fire. Even though he had Ciel as a lookout, he really did not want to do this in the open.

He sighed and took out the teeth that was taken from the lich, then pierce his thumb with the sword. A blood of drop formed and he turned it over the center of the magic circle. A flash of red light appeared, and the teeth had became grey crystals with the size of a thumb.

When it was completed, Brendel felt his heart jump once. He had received -1 damage.

He wiped away the cold sweat on his forehead, then picked up the crystals. These crystals were made from spirit energy, and were different from soul gems. If someone tried to absorb the these impure crystals, they would immediately become poisoned and die.

[These things are going to become the most important tools tonight…]

But he did not stop there. He took out 32 teeth and 4 fingers, and a Number 5 potion.

However, after transmuting half of them and around 5 minutes later, Ciel’s voice could be heard. “Who’s there?”

Brendel’s heart jumped. He quickly wiped away the magic circles and kept all ingredients, picked up the Thorn of Light and ran out.

As he walked out of towards the Fir trees, he saw a middle-aged man standing in front of Ciel. He furrowed his brows for a moment, before recalling that he was the man who was knocked onto the carriage’s wheel.

[Why is he here?]

In Brendel’s memory, this man was quite brave as he fought back against Markov’s men, except it was not a wise thing.

But he did not expect the words that came from his lips.

“My lord, are you using Blood Transmutation circles? Please take care of your body—”





Brendel and Ciel’s minds went completely blank.

[How did he know? He stood here for a long time? That’s not possible!] Ciel did not believe that he could not even detect this commoner. The squire was ready to use magic.

But the middle-aged man saw that their puzzled faces and he bowed. “My lord, I have not had the opportunity to thank you for saving me. My name is Tamar”, an alchemist.

“Tamar…? Y-you’re Tamar!?”

Brendel felt the name was familiar at first, but he suddenly recalled the name of Madara’s Grandmaster alchemist who was prominent in the 380th year. His mouth fell open, then carefully observed him. He looked at him carefully to ensure if it was that Tamar, and he definitely appeared to be like him.

[Shit… It’s because of that fucking bastard Markov. Tamar must have been turned into an undead after Madara occupied this place. And his hatred must be due to his son’s death… Shit, that makes fucking sense.]

But Brendel believed he was that person because of his familiarity with alchemy. Tamar was able to see there was a backlash on Brendel and determined the exact alchemy circle, and this was not any alchemist can do.

The Tamar in history was an incredibly powerful undead. Majority of the high level undead was because of him, Mesut and Serylen. The famous ability of Tamar was to convert a corpse directly into a skeleton, which practically doubled Madara’s forces.

[Mother Marsha above, hahaha, looks like it would be pretty difficult for Madara to use that ability.] Brendel beamed when he looked at the human Tamar.

“M-my lord?” His smile frightened Tamar. He had heard dirty rumors about nobles acquiring a ‘different taste’, but he was confused since he was already old. He was a little fretful. (TL: Seriously?)

It was Ciel who had to cough loudly to wake Brendel, who quickly explained: “Are you the Grandmaster alchemist Tamar in Fortress Riedon?”

[Grandmaster Alchemist? But that’s a title reserved for the best, when did I become so famous?] Tamar was confused and quickly shook his head. “My lord, I’m just an unknown alchemist working for some nobles, and I have no successful inventions at all—”

[You’re still unknown? Hahaha, I picked up a great treasure!] Brendel was delighted.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 11




TL: Unedited.



Chapter 11 – Into the night

As they rejoined the refugees, Brendel got to know that Tamar was searching for him ever since he woke up from his coma, so that he could thank Brendel. When he saw Brendel and Ciel leaving away from the refugees, he followed them and waited till they were alone.





But Brendel was not too worried that Tamar would whistleblow to the Holy Cathedral of Fire because he did not appear to be that sort of person.

While Brendel was surprised at Tamar’s identity, the latter felt he was mysterious. The middle-aged man had only seen the descriptions of the Blood Transmutation circle, and even he did not know how to use it. However, he could feel the negative feedback within Brendel’s body and guessed that he was using this forbidden magic.

But this talent of detecting negative magic did not come to many people.

Tamar did not have any opinions on this particular magic. To him, many nobles did illegal things. The Holy Cathedral of Fire forbade the black markets and illegal slavery, but the market for it in this area was just as prosperous, and the irony was even some members of the holy church participated in these dirty businesses.

The truth was, Tamar actually hoped to discuss the techniques of alchemy with him. He thought for a while before asking.

“My lord, what exactly are you trying to create?”

When Brendel heard the future Grandmaster call him ‘My Lord, he actually felt smug about it.

“I need a batch of spirit crystals. I have some higher undead bones, and I need it to make a Soul Statue.”

He needed a Soul Statue (White Deer). This was a simpler type amongst the soul statues. It was able to summon a white colored male deer’s spirit that was able to detect undead Shades. In Vaunte’s old legend, the white deer resided in place where souls went for their eternal rest, thus they were particularly sensitive to them.

[This is one of the mid-ranked undead types that we might encounter, and one of the most terrifying units that an undead necromancer can employ against us.]

“Soul Statue?” Tamar felt that it was unthinkable. That was nothing more than a simple alchemy tool, and the only difficulty was getting the materials for it. He found it hard to accept that Brendel would use a forbidden magic to make such a simple item.





“Sir Tamar, there’s really no need to be suspicious. It’s because I lack alchemy tools to do it…..”

Tamar nearly tripped and fall to the ground after hearing his words.

The reason why Blood Transmutation was powerful was because of the incredible speed and clean execution in the battlefield, something that normal alchemy could not compete with. But the price for transmuting a high level item was also an incredible burden on the user.

In the past, where the holy faction fought with the undead faction, there were many who sacrificed themselves to summon powerful creatures for the sake of victory. Ultimately, this went against the teachings of the church, and forbidden to be used.

But now this noble youth actually used this as a substitute for magic tools…. Any alchemist would bring their tools along with them, even if they had to risk their lives…

“… Errr, my lord. Actually, I have magical tools with me. If you don’t mind, you are free to use them. Blood Transmutation magic is a forbidden magic that damages your body greatly, it’s best not to use it.” Tamar finally reacted to his words after a long time.

“Of course I wouldn’t mind, please let me use them.” Brendel was not silly enough to use his own blood if there was a set of magical tools at hand. He saved his own HP and obtained a future Grandmaster alchemist. His mood rapidly improved and he discussed alchemy techniques with Ciel and Tamar leisurely. (TL: Pokeball thrown.)

As a wizard apprentice in Karsuk, Ciel had seen a lot of archmagi who were as proficient as a grandmaster alchemist. Even if he himself was not proficient in it, he had a natural disposition for alchemy.

As for Brendel who had level 5 alchemy, he would easily be able to obtain a professional first-grade alchemist rank if he went to Aouine’s formal alchemy exam. At this point of time, he was more like a genius compared to Tamar who was still knocking on the door leading to ‘genius’.

The more Brendel discussed with Tamar, the more shocked he was. Some of the ideas that Tamar had were extraordinary, and Brendel was certain that he would become that legendary Grandmaster someday.

Alchemy was something that was incredibly expensive. In the black market or wizard’s market, a lich’s tooth cost more than three hundred coins, and a simple White Deer Statue required thirty teeth.

They continued to the refugees’s camp, and Brendel suddenly spotted Freya walking around in a daze. He walked up towards her and waved his hand in front of her, but there was no response, so he had no choice but to tap on her head—

Freya jumped up and looked for the person who did that: “W-what the hell are you doing!” After realizing it was Brendel, she showed a furious expression: “Brendel! Where did you run off to, there are so many people that came over that I can’t handle it anymore!”

Her voice became softer and softer, as if she was suffering from great injustice rather than complaining. She had tried her best in leading the refugees, but with the increasing numbers, she felt she was completely exhausted. Just like Brendel, she had never not slept for days, and she was under more stress than Brendel did because she had to constantly settle the problems that the refugees had.

Ciel and Tamar stepped away when they saw Brendel and Freya talking together, and they continued discussing about the topic they had. As for the things that were happening to this pair of youths in front of them, they pretended like they have not seen anything.

It was evident to the others that Freya relied on Brendel, but the latter was not aware of it at all. Ciel watched them like it was an interesting story, while Tamar thought the young lady was the noble’s fiance.

“You didn’t sleep at all?”

“There’s no time to do so when so many people are coming in to join us. I had to assign a place for them and distribute the rations… Brendel, did you know that the White-Mane army was defeated? We just received a lot of soldiers that came from the River of Sharp Rocks, I heard that many people died…….” Freya rubbed her eyes that were as red as a rabbit and grumbled unhappily.

Brendel looked at her with a slack jaw. He rubbed his forehead as he realized that this silly girl actually took care of everything all by herself. “Did you really take everything on by yourself?”





“T-then what was I supposed to do?” Freya looked at him in bewilderment.

“Aren’t the veterans Leto and Mano there? Even if they are unable to do it, you should choose a few reliable people from the refugees and give them the authority so that they could assist you.” Brendel felt that this girl had a great lack of common sense.

“Wha–, Y-you should have told me this earlier!”

Brendel knocked on her head: “This has nothing to do with me, you’re just too silly.”

Freya’s face turned bright red and pushed his hand away. “I-I’ll talk to you later.”

She ran away as if her skirt had caught on fire, leaving behind a swinging ponytail behind her. Brendel shook his head as he laughed a little

“So how is she?” Ciel grinned and walked up to Brendel once Freya left.

Brendel raised his water tumbler and asked puzzledly “What do you mean by that?”

“Freya, she’s a pretty good girl. She’s kind and serious till the point of being adorable. Can’t you tell, my lord, she actually likes you.”

Brendel had poured water into his mouth and he spat it out with a ‘pfff’.

“What did you say?”

“I say, Miss Romaine and Miss Freya are in serious trouble, my lord…”

……………………………………

Brendel spent the entire afternoon trying to carve a suitable statue. Because it was the first alchemy tool he made, he wanted to create the statue all by himself, but after ruining a few blocks of fir wood, he realized there was a great difference in reality and dreams.

His best product looked like a carrot of stick and not a deer, and had no choice but to leave it to Tamar to finish it. Most of the alchemists were actually accomplished in sewing, painting and even blacksmithing, unlike Brendel who was cheating his way through.

When he got out of his carriage, it was nearly evening. The sun was setting into the western mountains, and it painted them with a copper color. The tip of the fir trees seemed to glitter, as if there was gold dust scattered onto them.

He looked at the evening sky and could not resist thinking of going into the western region. If he did, he would be able to reach an island in the Fallen Moon Sea if he traveled far enough. It was also the first time that he traveled a long journey in the game.

[This world is really right before my eyes….]

After a while, Brendel tried to spend time to find Romaine, but after searching for a long time, he still could not find her. It was impossible to find her most of the time. That girl seemed to have endless energy, and her warm heart must had gathered considerable fame for her, since he overheard the refugees discussing about her when he searched for her.

He looked at the sky again. It was already turning dark. At about 7.30 pm, Brendel ordered the refugees to stop in between a deep valley. The lack of light made things look dark. The two sides of the wall seemed to brighten and darken from time to time. The fog started to settle and they could not hear the night birds warbling, making them feel exceedingly uneasy.

[This is the only place that can avoid the bone eagles. But when it comes to night time, it’s when the Shades would appear…]

After settling the refugees, he commanded the defensive team to cut down wood. He wanted to make a badge of spears to equip the newcomers.

His true force was still the mercenaries and the cavalry from Fortress Riedon, but he planned to add additional personnel like the mercenaries that he accepted early, as well as the White-Mane army’s infantry. By enlisting even more civilians, their numbers might possibly grow to two hundred.

Right now he did not lack manpower, he lacked weapons.





He had told Ciel to gather the leaders of the patrol Leto, Mano, Gaspard and Batum. He had to talk about the plan in the evening otherwise there might be repercussion.

8 PM, the final ray of sunlight made its exit, and the first star of the Witch-king appeared in the sky.

Brendel and the leaders stood on top of a hill. He looked at the refugees who were busy setting up a tent. He spoke.

“I think everyone knows what happened. You have most likely heard about the outcome of the White-Mane army. Madara’s strategy is not merely about pursuing us, they want to destroy us completely, and allow the news of the Fortress Riedon’s fall spread to Vermiere”

“Then what should we do, my lord. At this time, the number of the undead army far surpassed us. Our scouts said that there were a sea of skeletons. They might have been slow in the daytime, but once evening sets in, they would be all over the place.”

“And there are zombies.” Someone added on.

“There’s definitely a way, but it’s impossible to avoid them. Because of Luc Beson’s failure, [Undead Maggot] Medes and Kabias’s army is right in front of us, and we need to consider taking a shortcut. Has anyone heard of the [Land of the Holy Saint’s remains]?”



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 12




TL: Unedited.



Chapter 12 – Holy Saint’s remains

————– Princess POV —————

“Land of the Holy Saint’s remains?”

Legend stated that the natives in the mountainous valley built a sanctuary during the Era of the Holy Saints. A statue of the king was placed at the entrance of the valley, and all manners of dark creatures that tried to enter would be struck by lightning, and all forms of dark energy would be suppressed to the limits.

In the Era of Darkness, humans, elves and dwarves went out of this protected land, and the gathered knights formed under one banner and defeated the [Dragon of Twilight], ‘Calamity’, bringing about the new era: ‘Year of Chaos’. (TL: Coughs out blood. Hopefully I don’t TL things wrongly…)

“It’s the blessed land that is protected by the king, my lady.” Oberbeck answered.

“He actually found that fabled land?” Her tea had been replaced, but the princess did not even noticed that. She merely played with the silver spoon as she listened to Oberbeck’s tale.





“That youth probably knew how to get to this mystical place, but he didn’t know the exact location.” Oberbeck said. “But his method of searching for that area is quite unique. My lady, I am sure you have heard the Witch King in Bunoxone who inherited the power of the stars. The archmagi in various factions believe that this lifeforce from the stars, comes directly from the Blind Goddess, Elaine.”

“I thought this is just a myth.”

“That might not entirely so.”

“Can I continue to listen to the story?”

“My lady, your teacher, Lord Panos is probably waiting for you.”

The princess laughed and said slyly: “I’m already late, Lord Oberbeck. Please continue your story, I want to know what happened during the night.”

Lord Oberbeck smiled as he had predicted this outcome, so he continued: “Then our story have to start from a legend concerning a king and a white male dear.”

—————————-Brendel POV————————

The night had gone dark completely. Strong winds blew across the land, causing the fir trees to rustle loudly against the wind, and the refugees felt like they were listening to ocean waves.

Freya stared at the gloomy sky with great worry as the wind caused her hair stands to dance across her face. She grabbed her best friend’s hand and whispered: “Does that idiot Brendel have any confidence in what he said? He talked about some land of the holy saint’s remains, but Leto and Mano never heard of it before. They are natives too—”

“Calm down, there’s absolutely no problems when it comes to Brendel.” Romaine sat down and stared at the starry sky, answering as if it was the most natural thing in the world.

“You didn’t think about it all, right?”

“There’s no need to in the first place.”





Freya was exasperated at the girl whose mind was filled with blank space, but at least she felt that she was more relaxed than before. She wondered if Brendel and Romaine had the same quality to make people feel at ease.

[Brendel’s way of making people feel at ease comes from his steady confidence, while Romaine is her natural disposition not to worry about things….] She suddenly wondered what would happen if both of them were not at her side when she meet an obstacle.

Suddenly there were voices of loud gasps that came from the refugees. Romaine and Freya turned their heads, and they could not believe their eyes:

There was an ethereal creature of beauty, a white deer with a translucent body, lighting up the area around it with soft light. It appeared elegant and noble, with long slim limbs and a sturdy body, its antlers on its head sharp as blades.

This creature seemed like it did not belong in this world as it jumped onto a body, leaving behind a trail of light similar to fireflies behind it.

The leaders, Leto, Mano and Batum stood up at the same time as they stared at it. Brendel, who was holding onto a statue, was somewhere further away with Tamar at his side. The deer jumped up higher onto the boulders in the mountain, turned around and nodded to them, then ran further ahead.

“The finished product is a little imperfect, but it’s quite impressive since our conditions are limited.” Brendel said. He was very pleased at his first result in making an alchemy tool.

Tamar and Ciel gave the same opinion, but the young squire still asked: “My lord, how true is that blessed land that you talked about?”

“You heard of that before?” Brendel was surprised.

“Certainly. Knowledge about the ancient history is something a wizard must study. Many different forms of magic came from the Era of the Holy Saints.”

“I can guarantee that the land is real, but that area is always covered in fog, and I am not sure exactly where it is. I can only pray that the Goddess Elaine can lend us some help, so that my precious deer can find the way.”

[Except that countless players visited that place and got nothing. I didn’t get anything out from it either. It’s famous as heck in the game, and everyone speculated that there was something amazing in it… but no one has ever discovered what secret there is—]

“Lend us some help?” Tamar asked.

“I mean I hope that Goddess Elaine is going to bless us.” Brendel answered.

“What happens if she doesn’t?” Ciel turned his head towards Brendel and asked.

Brendel did not reply. There was at least three thousand skeletons and ghouls right behind them, and Medes and Kabias elite forces in front. With the shades in this forest, this night was going to be very dangerous for them.

The white deer caused the refugees to exclaim in wonder as it ran to the other side of the mountain valley before stopping. Brendel knew that the night’s adventure was about to start. He looked at the pocket watch.

[11 PM. Time to move out.]

He gave the order to get the refugees to break the camp and move. The conscripted militia which were armed with long spears, marched together with the refugees, and two long snaking group of people started walking out of the valley, with fifty riders guarding the rear. The stars and moon were bright enough for them to see the road without lighting torches.





Brendel and Ciel rode together with the riders, with the former pulling out the Thorn of Light. The sword did not glow, proving that there were no undead nearby.

“Get the refugees to follow the white deer. It will lead us to safety.” Brendel turned and instructed the riders.

A man beside Mano suddenly rode up and asked loudly: “My lord, are we really able to cross that something valley and be ahead of the Madara’s army?”

“Definitely.”

“I’m not suspecting you, my lord, but all of these things you say sound unbelievable.”

“It is true. But all of you simply have to trust me at this point of time. I’m not going to risk my life over some false information.”

“But how we are going to move to the north when there’s a large undead army in front? There are at least three other groups of Madara’s undead patrolling this region, with them surrounding the nearby area. Each of them came from different directions, one is from the River of Sharp Rocks, the other comes from the side Hunting Deer Mountain’s forest. These are most likely comprised of Pale Knights and Ghouls.” An officer from the White Mane army came up.

Brendel suddenly recognized the two of them. He had fought against the two men once in Fortress Riedon and disarmed both of them, even sending them flying backwards. It seemed that they had deep prejudice against his judgment.

“If we fight against Medes’s troops directly, we’re all going to be killed.”

Brendel looked at him. He needed someone to keep the White-Mane army’s soldiers in line, so he did not get angry and replied politely. “What is your name?”

“Please call me Taron, my lord.”

“Then Ser Taron, there’s no need to worry, their armies are bound to have openings we can exploit.”

“What openings are you talking about?”

Brendel did not want to reveal the gargoyle’s secret to them.

“We’re going to go to the rear of Medes’s army, and they will pass through here in half an hour.”

Everyone was silenced at that moment, and even the ones who were starting to believe in him started questioning his sanity for following Medes’s army.

But Leto suddenly said: “That is a good idea, if we are able to grasp the right timing.”

Brendel looked at him in astonishment.

[This plan is just a random fib… To even make it work, we have to get the right timing to cut across their weakest link of segmented troops, while suppressing their runners so they can’t alert the other patrolling units. This requires a great command of the situation during a battle… I have only done this once in the game and simply used this as an excuse to shut this Taron up—]

Brendel did not expect Leto to guess what he had done before, and even dared to go along with what he said. Everyone was stunned, but Mano was the next to recover and understand Leto’s intentions. “Alright, I’ll bet on it as well—”

The rest of them gradually understood what his intentions were. But even after understanding what he had in mind, everyone wondered if the three of them were crazy. Brendel looked at the gargoyle which was a speck of black in the sky.

[But the odds are much better than the last time since I have the gargoyle to survey the surroundings…]

————————— Madara POV —————————–

The [Undead Maggot] Medes knew there was a group of refugees that escaped into the direction of the Silver Sparrow Mountain. The group had even defeated his squadron of undead skeletons.

But he did not place too much importance on chasing after that batch of refugees, as his attention was on working together with Kabias to deal with the White-Mane army.

[The humans are weak.]





It was just as easy as he had predicted. Aouine’s formal army was completely defeated by them. They had chased them all the way from morning and delivered a final blow by ambushing them. When the sun had set, the battle had ended. Even though their vanguard forces were heavily damaged, they were mostly cannon folder. The ghouls and Kabias’s skeleton cavalry did not suffer much losses.

In comparison, the forty odd skeleton riders hurt his scouting forces greatly. To regain this forces required a long time.

It was at this point that Medes turned his attention on this group of refugees. Lord Tarkus had given an order to seal the pathway to the River of Sharp rocks with their lives, and everyone who participated in this war did not dare be careless.

[Something is amissed…]

The leader who led the group of refugees appeared to be skilled at avoiding the bone eagles that were spying on them. Ever since morning, they had only caught glimpses of the refugees five times, and at the end of the night, they lost their presence entirely.

[This is a bad omen.]

Under the weak soul fire, Medes opened the goatskin map. He drew several circles on the Silver Sparrow Mountain.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 13




TL: Unedited





Chapter 13 – The calm before the storm

The refugees kept moving to the east after they exited the mountain valley. The group formed a long serpentine shape when the path got narrower, progressing slower because they did not lit up torches and traveled in the dark. Even though the stars and moon offered a certain degree of brightness, they were hindered by the fir trees. Shadows seemed to dart about when the refugees marched through, and they shivered with trepidation.

Under Brendel’s orders, Freya had separated the refugees into different sections, with two guards maintaining order at every section. Freya told them what they needed to do so that they would not impede the progress, while Brendel told them what would happen if they failed to follow orders, and with this coaxing and threatening approach, they managed to achieve a balance to maintain speed and order.

The veterans Mano and Leto were not too worried about their movements as noises were easily muffled because of the thick forest, becoming nothing more than a whisper within a short distance. The reason for this was because of the strong wind that caused the fir trees to rustle constantly and loudly.





Brendel strained his ears to listen to the wind while he led the horse forward on foot. There seemed to be all sorts of noises in it: There was the rustling of Fir trees, groups of birds singing together, but there seemed to be some strange music and whispers in them, as if they were speaking another language.

Aouine’s southern region described this whispers as the witches trying to bewitch travelers as there were many who did not return after traveling to this part of the forest.

Brendel did not believe in them, but now that he had experienced it, he felt there was indeed a certain air of mystery.

The other mercenaries also led their horses on foot as they wanted to reserve the horses’ stamina to prepare for the upcoming battle. Even though these specially bred war horses’ stamina were approximately twenty percent better than a normal horse, the cavalry riders did not want to ride on them to maintain their charging prowess.

They had advanced to the east for approximately five kilometers, and was considered to have left the Silver Sparrow Mountain’s area.

[This area should be considered the area of the Hunting Deer forest… Only seasonal hunters would appear here.]

Brendel had already sent out the gargoyle to survey the west and southern area, while the other scouts have returned from their various assignments.

After a few minutes later, the scouts came up to Brendel with pale faces.

The scouts have discovered the entire region ahead was filled with skeletons, even before they reached their designated locations.

[They must have received a shock… It’s not pleasant at all to listen to a sea of skeletons walk on the hard ground.]

Brendel soothed them and allowed them to rest, while turning to the other riders and explained their weakness, so that they would be ready to fight when the time comes.

He send out another scout in the the northwest.

Brendel knew what Madara’s formation was after listening to the scouts’ reports. They were laid carefully in order to be flexible in their movements, and their scouts controlled a large area where they were mobile enough to aid both the front and rear army.

These Madara’s leaders were the true reason why the Dark Lords were able to pull off their strategies and formations.





[Fortunately this formation has a fatal weakness. As long as they lose the support of the Shades, the necromancers will reorganize their army, and the space between each squadron will become huge. There’s an additional weakness to it if the enemy leader is weak enough, with the classic scenario where they can only command a small fraction of the army at a single time…. That will be advantageous for us, but at the same time, I need to be careful of Medes’s army. If he’s the one leading, that additional weakness will not be there.]

There were not many ways to discover a shade’s presence.

But Brendel ‘knew’ of a way.

Mano kept looking down at the white deer as he led a group of volunteer militia. Brendel had told him that the beautiful white deer would be able to show them where the terrifying shades were.

Mano was irritated. He hated this mysterious act of Brendel talking like a mysterious wizard, and he would rather have a proper battle. They were ahead of the refugees by nearly a kilometer, but the white deer still did not act like what Brendel had said it would do.

Just when he wanted to curse and grumble, the white deer suddenly turned its head into another direction and pawed at the ground with a distressed expression.

[Over there?!]

Mano immediately drew out his saber and commanded everyone to go over to the direction where the white deer indicated.

There was nothing strange about that area with fir trees, but when they started to surround that area, they saw a translucent white humanoid figure.

[M-marsha above! This is the shade!?]

Everyone’s feet stopped when they saw that white figure, but it shrieked loudly and rushed straight at them. The scream made their blood curdle, while the forest suddenly went into deep silence.

Mano had never fought such a bizarre battle in his life. The Shade’s face seemed to show his friends’ face who had died in battle, but he quickly shook his head and ignored it. Brendel had warned him about this; these illusions were not real.

Mano did not dare to suspect Brendel any longer; the scene in front of him was just madness.

Mano gripped his saber tightly and swung at the Shade. The blade went past the body and immediately developed a layer of ice. Mano cursed inwardly as he did not feel the impact.

Spirits were in between the reality and the ethereal, and physical attacks had a fifty percent chance to fail.

Mano was unable to pull off an evasive maneuver as the Shade went for his head. He immediately turned his upper body sideways, and the Shade’s fingernails pass through his shoulder.

The veteran soldier immediately felt an intense chill piercing at his bone, and he lost all sensation to it.

“Attack, attack now, you worthless bastards!” He roared at the frightened militia. They finally woke up from their stupor and raised their long spears and attacked the Shade.

Three spears went through the shadow-like creature, but the other two spears managed to impale the creature and lift it up. It screamed loudly. Mano then jumped high up and tried to cleave the shade into two. It screamed loudly and disappeared when the saber cut through its neck to the lower torso.

Everyone finally relaxed, and a few even of them felt weak in their knees and just sat onto the ground, and no one had the mood to talk about what had happened.

Brendel watched the scene from far away.





[As expected of an Iron-ranked fighter, he’s more than enough to take care of these intermediate ranked undead. His commanding abilities are also good, it’s fortunate that I have these veteran mercenaries, otherwise trying to care of these Shades might be a problem.]

He suddenly turned his head back to Freya.

[Although this Soul Statue is a common thing, the one who discovered that the White Deer has the ability to actually discover the undead was Freya… Did I just plagiarize her idea? Uhh, in any case, once we start clearing out all these Shades, the necromancers will eventually discover that a number of their Shades did not report back… If they stop moving for one or two hours, we can do a lot.]

Brendel’s surveyed the ground through the gargoyle’s eyes, and he finally spotted a group of skeleton riders passing through the forest. He was not sure if he had missed other groups of skeletons, but he was certain that it was one of the vanguard groups. He commanded the gargoyle to sweep the place again, and after three minutes, he spotted another group of riders.

The gargoyle then went deeper into the mountain region, and he spotted a large group of skeleton infantry.

[Just like I thought. They gathered up. Approximately two mid-sized companies of skeleton soldiers—]

Brendel found two more companies as the Brendel flew through the valley. Even though he could not see which leader it belonged to, he did not think that they would be easy to deal with.

[This is just the beginning of an even bigger army. It shouldn’t be the ‘Pale Knight’ Ebdon or Vesa in the rear, probably Direndall or Ladios. Two generals under Tarkus, with the army split into five divisions. They have around ten thousand undead stretched across twenty thirty kilometers, and they are moving in the night just like I thought… The timing is bad. We need to move quickly.]

Even though Brendel still wanted to survey even further and see what unit was ahead, the gargoyle had already reached its maximum flying area. He had once lied to Marden and Bretton that it surveyed the entire Bucce region, but that was not the case.

It was 1.05 AM.

Taron reported that the scouts surveying the north western area had returned, and the elite forces had appeared in the River of Sharp Rocks.

The mercenaries’ faces were grim when the news spread. They had kept a sliver of hope in their hearts, but the worst outcome had happened.

The refugees were surrounded.

For one moment they thought of breaking through the north before the undead completely surrounded them, but the mercenaries looked at Brendel and Freya, then at the refugees, and they thought it was impossible to do so. Everyone was at a loss for words.

Freya grabbed her reins anxiously and cast her eyes at Brendel subconsciously, but he did not seemed to notice the atmosphere of the mercenaries at all. He merely looked at the pocket watch once, then got up onto his horse.

He pulled out his sword and said: “Listen up, everyone—”

The youth’s voice was strong and clear.

“There are two companies of undead in the south-west direction, their distance up to two to three kilometers away. Somewhere further beyond that area is another company of undead. Along the way are two to four scouting groups of skeleton riders. We need to eliminate two of these scouting parties and attack one of the companies to create an opening.

Then we’re going to go to the rear of Medes’s army just like we planned. We have two hours to complete all of this, after which we will be playing hide and seek with the undead army.” Brendel raised his sword and rode around the mercenaries, suddenly showing signs of condescension.

“Why, is everyone afraid?”

No reply came back, as everyone was stunned as he suddenly came up with information that the scouts did not bring back, and some wondered if he was lying through his teeth.





Yet, contrary to everyone’s expectations, with most of them experiencing it first hand, the things that happened so far had coincided with everything that he had said. As they looked at him, they saw that very same figure who led them charging downwards on that high ground to vanquish the group of skeleton riders.

It was as if his sword pointed to a miraculous road of victory, and no matter how hard or difficult it was, he was going to lead through that road.

Brendel looked at them without moving his eyes away without saying anything.

[Déjà vu… I led a similar charge with my allies back then in the game as well…]

One of his party members even said that he was best suited as a vanguard leader, as he had never swayed from the things he decided upon.

Every mercenary got onto their horses, and drew out their weapons at the same time.

“For victory-”

“For Aouine!!!”

TL: Urgh. It’s a god damn cliffhanger.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 14




TL: Unedited





Chapter 14 – Piercing through

Nearly everyone was stunned.

Brendel had led the cavalry through the forest quickly and pointed out the location of the undead as if he had the ability of clairvoyance. Only Taron and a few of Luc Beson’s soldiers guessed that it had to something to do with the gargoyle, but they did not have much time to think about it.

Brendel immediately gave the order to attack, and fifty odd riders charged along side with him. They split up into various groups as they got nearer, and surrounded the enemy, sealing off the possible retreating paths.





[Good. The enemy is moving just like how I predicted and they are completely surrounded.]

The mercenaries and Luc Beson’s soldiers started to see Brendel as a leader that was only heard in legends.

The initial battle began with Brendel’s sword arte, smashing five skeleton soldiers into pieces as he charged straight at the enemy. The skeletons that tried to block him from reaching the commanding necromancer was sent flying backwards approximately seven or eight meters. The same scene the men witnessed earlier repeated itself, with Brendel thrusting his sword straight through the necromancer, with everyone reforming and charging at the remaining skeletons, crushing the enemy completely.

After traveling for about five minutes, they met and defeated a group of skeleton riders which caused them slightly more trouble. It was a complete victory for them, but this time there were three riders who got injured. Brendel immediately rushed over to them and bandaged them up. Due to his skill, their bleeding stopped in a matter of moments, which was even more effective than some blood staunching medicine, and he sent one of the more heavily injured person back to rejoin the refugees.

This minor action won him even more repute, and even Taron and Luc Beson’s men started to think there was nothing that Brendel could not do.

[…. Hah. 779 XP for the two battles. With the combined XP from the previous battles, I reached level 17. If this situation wasn’t a game, I might even feel bored because of how static Madara’s riders tactical placements and strategies are in this era…]

The greatest improvement in the undead tactics came along when Incirsta reformed the ranks, and they became more flexible and difficult to deal with.

At the same time when Freya instructed the refugees to abandon the horse carriages to improve their marching speed, the Madara undead found they were in trouble.

Medes, a half ghoul and skeleton, received the report from the frontline. The undead acolytes had sent over ten shades to the south, but there was only half that returned to their ranks.

[The refugees did it? Or a trap set by a greater force?]

Medes scratched his maimed head, sending several fat maggots that crawled out from his head in surprise. Some of then crawled into his eye sockets and cavities of his face, and he grabbed one and sent it into his teeth, eating it.

He then took out the map he used earlier and started drawing lines to indicate where the group of refugees might go.

[The enemy has the ability to suppress the shades and my predictions might not be right… I need to have the acolytes send out a second batch of shades to verify them, but at the same time my army has to speed up so that we can seal off the escape paths along with Ebdon and the other undead leaders.]

There were seven undead leaders who were out there, including himself, hunting for refugees in every direction. No matter how cunning the refugees were, they had no way of running out. Madara had a proverb: ‘No matter how clever the rats were, they cannot escape a sealed oil barrel’.

[When the sun rises, the entire southern region here will be covered of the shadows of Brumand’s black roses, and Madara will seize victory—]





Medes petted a zombie that was lying down like an obedient dog. But just as he thought everything was going according to plan, Brendel was cornering a company’s undead leader.

Approximately five minutes ago, the Black Knight Xelsa confirmed that he had lost contact with two groups of ten skeleton riders each, and it started wondering if he was targeted by an unknown group of Aouine’s army. Despite the immediate response by sending out shades and riders to the eleventh company nearby, none of his scouts returned.

That was when it realized the situation was grave.

When Brendel and his mercenaries appeared on a hill nearby the undead company, they saw that they had stopped and was preparing to camp on the spot. Batum, Leto and Mano did not see anything odd in their formations, but Brendel secretly frowned.

[The quality of their captains are outstanding, or at least this one is. I was hoping that this undead company would form up with the nearest company ahead after losing their scouts, and we would be able to lead the refugees over with this hole in their formation, but the commanding officer made the best judgment in such a short time.]

“What are they doing?”

Taron knew a little of Madara’s strategy, and he asked out of curiosity. He looked at Brendel, not doubting his ability in his mind anymore.

“They are on guard at the very same spot. I wanted to confuse their leader by killing all their scouts cleanly and quickly, making it think that there was a force that was at least three times bigger than their numbers.”

“Three times? Then why doesn’t their leader regroup with the nearby undead forces. Are they not afraid of getting surrounded?”

“The leader is waiting for their allies’ scouts.”

“Are they not afraid that we can stop their scouts too?” Mano quipped while polishing his saber.





Brendel glanced at him.

[Do you really think we can stop them anytime we want? If it’s not for one of the best scouting unit type like the gargoyle, do you really think we can sweep up all the scouts that were sent out?]

“Destroying their scouts have told them there are enemies in this direction. The reason why we destroyed the two groups of skeleton riders, is because Brendel plans to destroy this entire company as well.”

“Then we don’t have too much time in this plan right?”

“One hour. We must finish before that and clean up the battlefield too.” Brendel answered.

[Freya will reach this place with the militia in about twenty minutes…]

When Xelsa surveyed the area, he suddenly saw a group of soldiers with long spears walking down from the hilltop. He was momentarily taken aback as their attire was different from any of Aouine’s troops.

He turned his head around and asked with a hoarse voice: “This army belongs to which city’s troops?”

The necromancer beside him immediately bowed respectfully and answered: “They appear to be militia.”

“Militia? How can a group of militia defeat two squadrons of our skeleton riders?”

The Black Knight felt there was something amiss, and he straightened up on his force and signalled.

“Change to your bows.”

“The target is one hundred and forty feet, scatter shot formation……. Fire!”

The skeleton soldiers had switched to the longbows on their back when they received the command, and started to fire upon his order. A series of highly strung strings trilled as black arrows flew across the fir trees and into the hill.

The wind in the hilly areas were very strong, and the arrows basically had no aim into them. However, the militia that had very little training was frightened by them. When they saw the arrows, they stopped momentarily before descending into chaos.

Freya immediately rode back to the right flank and issued commands to the Aouine’s light infantry and remaining mercenaries to lead the militia.

“Lower your bodies and keep your head! Remember your training, do not stop moving! Follow me and fight for your families!”

Freya roared with her sword in hand. Her commands seemed to work, and the militia quickly regained their courage and regrouped, moving at a quicker pace than before.

The dark knight furrowed his brows, and ordered the skeletons to unleash another volley.

“Targets, one hundred feet. Take aim— Fire!”

The skeletons’ arrows were much accurate this time, and there were a few militia who were struck down by the arrows, rolling down the hill.

But after the two volleys of arrows, the militia had overcome their fear and steadied themselves. The arrows were not as effective as they had imagined it to be.

Xelsa immediately changed his strategy and targeted the female knight. The third volley of arrows concentrated on her, but her armor lit up with countless spots of lights, and every arrow that was fired at her deflected everywhere.

This miraculous scene stunned everyone, and they cheered and roared out Freya’s name—

“An Elven imperial soldier?!” The Black Knight was so furious that he nearly laughed. He did not understand where this ridiculous army came from.

Brendel who was hiding along with the mercenaries from a short distance ahead in the hills, nodded when he saw Freya leading the army calmly with decisive orders.

[Even though she’s a little clumsy during the normal days, but this battle proves she’s the future Goddess of War.]

He took out the pocket watch and checked the time.





[We are on schedule—]

He got up on his horse and gestured. The mercenaries mounted their horses, and when he saw they were ready, he pulled out his the Thorn of Light. A dazzling light burst forth as he roared,

“Move out!”

The sudden roar and dazzling light made the enemy and Freya’s army look at Brendel and the charging mercenaries behind him.

“An Elven sword!” Xelsa immediately recognized it and almost screamed. He pulled out his own sword.

“Ciel!” Brendel raised his sword high up and shouted.

The young squire instantly raised the ruby in his hand and pointed at the sword: “Sharpness, shall split all into two, the creation of blades.”

A white beam of light extended from Brendel’s sword before it disappeared a moment later. The magic had temporarily improved the quality of the blade, making it sharper and harder.

“My lord, a new day is about to arrive, please remember to pay the cost to my maintenance.” Ciel grinned and said when he finished performing the spell.

Brendel smiled faintly in response, then took on a serious face. He pointed his sword at Xelsa’s formation, signifying the upcoming battle.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 15




TL: Unedited





I found a good example of what Romaine is usually thinking.





Chapter 15 – One against hundred

The distance was seventy meters away. Brendel did not order the men to rush straight at the enemy, but led them at a steady pace into a small forest, and appeared from the other end of it.

Xelsa felt things were getting out of hand as he urged his horse forward. He waved his black blade in front of the skeletons:

“Turn, turn around you damned fools!”

“Third and forth rows, ready your spears, hurry! You bunch of stupid bones!”

Xelsa used a hoarse and hollow voice as he hurled abuses at them, splitting up the soldiers into two groups. One was to face Freya’s militia, and the other was to check the incoming cavalry that suddenly appeared.

The spears were raised and lowered together at the same time. The first row of skeletons pointed slightly upwards, while the second row lower their spears at shoulder height, forming an iron wall of steel.

Brendel looked at the ghastly spear tips. He was almost immune to the tension after experiencing battles so many times, and there was not a shred of fear in his taut face. His breathing was even and ready to enter into the fray.

[… Judging from the appearance of the enemy leader, he’s approximately level 20 to 30 and he’s probably wearing equipment of the same level. If that’s the case, he’s at the upper tier of a Iron-ranked fighter. His stats is most likely higher because he’s an elite as well…]





Brendel pointed his sword into Xelsa’s flanks, and the cavalry started to turn to curve and turn away from the spears, inching closer to the flanks of the skeletons’ formation.

Xelsa was greatly distressed. The opponents were full of seasoned mercenaries and their commander instantly reacted to any changes that the skeletons made in their formations. No matter how many times he tried to lure the enemy with false openings in the skeletons’ formations, the enemy would ignore it and aim for their weakest areas.

[Any lesser commanders would have charged at us by now…! These fucking maggots are coming around us again!]

Xelsa ordered the skeletons to turn approximately one hundred and twenty degrees, but they were slow to react and turn. Reassembling a formation that could resist the cavalry’s charge was extremely troublesome, and he had to assign nearly all his necromancers in his company to ensure that the formation was done right.

[Fuck! The militia and infantry are coming from the other side. This group of skeletons are much weaker because there’s not enough necromancers to lead them!]

“Fire your arrows at will!”

The skeleton soldiers had shot their forth volley of arrows, until Xelsa ordered them to fire at will.

The combined army comprised of militia and infantry led by Freya was ten meters away. This group of men that were from different cities and age started showing various degrees of fear and tension.

Their hands held either long spears or Madara’s black steel swords with their breaths were disarrayed. Their formation was starting to lose its shape, but they still advanced forward. In front of them was gleaming skeletons without fear or excitement. They had no emotions or thought, and merely observed the incoming miltia with their orange-red Soul Fire in their eye sockets.

Freya realized right away that her army was starting to become disorderly again, and her mind went into a blank for a short moment because she did not know what to do. But she quickly clenched her teeth and raised her sword and charged straight into the midst of the enemy like a lightning bolt.

That was the beginning of her change from a militia to a knight.

—————— Romaine’s POV ———————-

The forest of spears entered into Romaine’s eyes.

“Freya!”





She had carefully ran out from the refugees and hid carefully at the hilltop, but she was frightened when she saw Freya charging straight at the skeleton soldiers with their spears pointing forward.

Suddenly she heard galloping sounds and she turned her head. She found the girl called Sue was riding on a war horse, going straight to the battlefield.

[She looks like she has great riding skills… Hmm… Riding looks interesting.]

——————– Back to the battle POV ——————

Freya went to the skeletons’ flank and raised her longsword, swiping away the spears that came at her. But she was able to handle only a few attacks at a given time, and many of the skeletons were able to thrust their spears into her. Her armor lit up and most of their attacks grazed her, but even the magic that was woven into the had its limits.

Two spears found their way through Freya’s upper torso, ripping long gashes across her chest and neck, while one spear lodged itself into her abdomen, and blood poured out like an overturned tumbler.

She uttered a guttural sound as she severed the spear. The militia had clashed with the Madara’s undead by this point, but the skeletons’ formation was affected by Freya’s reckless attacks and they were forced back under the combined pressure. She urged the horse to turn around and retreat from the flanks, then charged straight into another section of the skeleton troops—

Xelsa who had his attention drawn by the Brendel and mercenaries, received a shock when he found the skeleton troops’ formation crumbling. He had thought his army would at least be able to defend for a while, but he did not think that they would be crushed so thoroughly once they made contact. He sought for their leader, and saw her issuing orders to her army to move in an orderly manner without rushing. Each time they moved a step forward, skeleton bones could be found flying through the air.

He exhaled, the misty breath temporarily covering his lips.

[If I had more necromancers, they could still remake their formations…. But on the other side is the enemy’s cavalry—]

He turned his head back to the cavalry and received another shock.

Brendel had his full attention on Xelsa, and when he saw Xelsa was distracted, he led the cavalry closer to the skeletons’ flanks, and Xelsa was unable to react in time.

Brendel raised his sword up and waved it once.





The cavalry behind him raised their swords at the same time.

“Destroy them!” Brendel shouted.

“Aouine shall be victorious!!!”

The calvary charged straight at the skeletons in full speed as they roared loudly. The gravel on the ground seemed to dance as the ground vibrated.

The skeletons in Xelsa’s rear had started to reach his sides as they were pushed back, with the Freya and army starting to surround the necromancers. He chopped a skeleton into two as it blocked his way.

“Lower your spe—”

Brendel lowered his body and swung the Thorn of Light. He used the [White Raven’s Sword Rave], and the wind pressure swept across the skeletons like a scythe, smashing five skeletons from the first and second row backwards. He then released his reins and raised both his hands up to the direction of the skeleton formation. Two blue light beams shot at them, knocking their long spears to the side.

One human and one horse lunged into their formation without stopping, and several skeletons that were knocked, got crushed by the horse’s hooves.

It might have looked dangerous, but Brendel was confident of his 4.3 OZ agility which was several times faster than a normal man, and the skeletons’ movements in his eyes actually looked like they were crawling slowly. This tiny gap in the enemy’s timing was a huge opening that could be easily used against them.

“Protect your horses!”

Brendel yelled as the first row of mercenaries made contact with the disorderly skeleton troops. Loud crashing sounds repeated as rows of skeletons fell backwards by their charge. The skeleton soldiers were forced back and almost squeezed the necromancers.

The mercenaries were veterans who were experienced in charging. They easily tore through the enemy’s ranks and knocked back their spears with ease with their war horses, with the second group of riders ready to charge straight into the enemy’s chaotic formation. They would then reform and launch an assault at the skeletons again, and a few minutes later, the Madara army was in shambles.

Their first charge had the greatest casualties, of which two of them were knocked down by the spears, with the first row of war horses receiving injuries. However, with their Iron-ranked strength, they managed to create a devastating impact that even Brendel did not expect.





Freya and Brendel’s combined army nearly pierced through the undead army that had the size of two hundred men with their first assault.

Xelsa could not believe that his army was defeated so easily. His necromancers had tried to stop Brendel’s rampaging charge by casting the spell [Curtain of Darkness] to blind him, but he was completely unaffected by it and severed the offending necromancers into two after charging out of the area, with white flames burning them up into ashes. Another necromancer tried to cast debilitating magic on him, but he swung a sword arte from seven or eight meters away and cleaved it into two as well.

Every time Brendel swung his sword, the surrounding skeletons would burst up into flames. Holy fire burned all around him, as if he was surrounded by a heavenly glow, and soon his undead enemies were all turned into ashes.

It was as if nothing could stop his rampage, and the mercenaries who finally had the chance to rest a little, witnessed his feat and could not help but open their mouths wide.

Finally, when there was nothing but a scarce number of skeletons left, his eyes fell upon Xelsa.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 16




TL: Unedited





Chapter 16 – Rout

One slash, one kill, a force that could not be stopped even by a legion.

[[[What kind of imposing power is this?!]]]

It was not only Xelsa who thought of this, the militia and mercenaries who saw Brendel’s frenzied destruction stopped what they were doing. They even thought a legendary paladin would not be able to surpass what he did. The humans who were still in the midst in attacking cheered at the same time, their morale greatly boosted.

The militia destroyed off the skeletons who were in front of them, and Xelsa knew that he was defeated. But the noble blood in him from the dark lands did not allow him to admit defeat—

[What kind of army is this…? They look nothing more like a bunch of disorganized garbage who are not even equipped properly. They are even worse than militia because they are hastily formed from a group of refugees. This group of men who had even lost their reason to fight… But the one who led them… is far more impressive. Aouine is a nothing more than a decadent kingdom now. How could our glorious undead be defeated by an army like this? ]

Xelsa could not help but lament in his heart.

The Black Knight pulled out his sword, the soul fire in him flaring up. He dragged the necromancer beside him who was of a higher level and pointed at Brendel, ordering him loudly to use a [Mental Blast] on him.





He then patted the neck of his horse, bringing along the three Black Warrior guards with him. Even if he had no chance of gaining victory, he had to reclaim his glory by killing the enemy’s leader. This was Madara’s pride, the pride that only the nobles had.

Brendel who was observing Xelsa, immediately realized that the situation he was in. He pointed at the necromancer and called out to Ciel. The wizard apprentice fired a ray of white light at the necromancer who was in the middle of casting a spell. But Ciel did not expect his magic to be deflected when it struck the necromancer’s ribs.

[Ciel’s level is too low.]

Brendel immediately understood that when he saw the necromancer resisting Ciel’s spell. A few remaining skeletons were in his path, and he had no choice but to destroy them first. He cut them down and raised his left hand—

A sky blue triangular magic formation formed around his wrist.

Brendel paid 3 Wind EP into the Elemental Pool, and activated the magic card.

This sky blue card combination represented the power of wind, flexible and varied, a magic that was unpredictable due to its nature of countering the enemy after they launched an attack first.

A transparent ripple with razor sharp edges launched from the necromancer’s forehead, aiming towards Brendel and the people nearby him, but it suddenly stopped moving in the middle of its path, as if time had frozen. A hurricane formed in the battlefield and seemed to howl in everyone’s ears. The mental blast was then sent back to the caster, and countless undead skulls exploded in its path.

The necromancer who had lost its head shook once, and dropped down from the horse.

[[Magic swordsman!]]

The mercenaries and militia who did not understand magic very well, did not think it was unusual of Brendel to cast a spell after seeing the undead set on fire with his slashes. But the ones who were more experienced trembled. Not only was he a genius in tactical battle and fighter who had the strength of an Iron-ranked fighter, he was a wizard who was powerful enough to destroy the enemy’s necromancers with ease!





Xelsa felt his body turning cold. Once again, he could not understand where the leader of their cavalry come from. He held an Elven sword with incredible skills, leading his men with brilliant tactial commands and he was even able to use magic.

[How could this man be not famous in Aouine? And if he is not, Is he going to be someone who will rise to become a legendary figure in history?]

When he hesitated, two of his personal guards had stepped up to stop Brendel who was charging at them. The youth’s expression did not change, and disarmed the first Black Warrior’s two handed sword with a violent metallic crash, then slashed across the neck and chest armor in a straight arc downwards. An explosive sound echoed in the mountain valley as he threw down the Black Warrior down along with his horse onto the ground.

He then punched the second guard’s giant sword away with a deafening clang, and urged his horse forward by tightening his legs around its abdomen. After grabbing the Black Warrior’s arm with his left hand, he thrust his sword through his heart and lifted him off the horse, then throwing him onto the ground.

He narrowed his eyes as he saw a -72 HP above the Black Warrior’s head.

[The damage done by the Thorn of Light is ridiculous. Although I must say, it’s bizarre to look at the numbers appearing out of thin air…]

The Black Warrior had started to burn up when the final guard attacked him. Brendel deflected the incoming sword and decapitated the enemy with ease. But a metallic ringing sword from the Thorn of Light made him look at it, and he was delighted to see a magic necklace that added +0.3 OZ strength.

[I had always thought that it was strange for the loot that I got to be so dismal. After fighting against so many Madara undead and even the Golden Apple Tree boss, the loot drops have been awful to the point I even wondered if there’s a difference from the game.]

When he was momentarily distracted, he found a sword piercing towards him. He was jolted back to his senses and dodge to the side. He found the Black Knight had came before himself.

The youth looked around him. All his guards and skeletons have been destroyed, but instead of running away from surrendering, Xelsa merely came before him and waited.

[Does he want to challenge me to a duel?]

He was taken aback.

Freya grimaced as she held the wound on her waist with pressure. She felt that her heart was itching or something, like she was more concerned with the armor being spoiled. She thought for a while before persuading herself it was because of the rarity of the armor.

Freya ordered the militia to check for any remaining undead that was not destroyed or escaped, and to account for the wounded and dead. She rode around with the horse and found a skeleton soldier crawling on the ground with a broken leg. Before she was able to destroy it, someone else rushed up to it and struck the skeleton through the head with a sword.





She stopped and turned around, and Freya saw that it was Sue.

“Sue?”

The girl with bronze skin rode over and looked at Freya with concern.

“Freya, are you injured?”

“I’m fine, did you see Brendel?” Freya had pulled away from the main area a considerable distance.

“Him? Why are you so concerned about him when he’s a coward who won’t even accept a knight’s duel?”

“A knight duel?”

Author’s notes on magic items

Iron-ranked label is termed as [Alchemy item], the weakest class of magic item.





Bronze-ranked [Minor light], low class magic item.

Brass-ranked [Magic], is considered as a true Magic Class item. I.E, Brendel’s Ring of the Wind Empress, Freya’s Flame Ring, with the typical ability of launching magic.

Silver-ranked (Legendary), items that are rarely found. An example would be Brendel’s Thorn of Light, and it was able to change the power ratio to a certain level, like how Brendel easily defeated undead that was above his natural level.

Gold-ranked items (Fantasy). Items that can only be found in myths or bard’s songs. There are very few people who own them.

Dark Gold-ranked items (Godly). There are only a few core members in big guilds in the game that managed to get them, and seen as a representation of their status.

As for ultimate unique items, like the Mercury Staff (TL: probably owned Madara’s undead boss), Lament of the Wind Empress (ring), or the holy dragon spear Gungnir.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 17




TL: Unedited





Chapter 17 – Cleaning the battlefield.

————— Princess POV ——————-

“A knight’s duel?” The silver-colored hair princess could not suppress a smile when she heard that, impressed that the Black Knight was able to think of a tactic to try and delay the time. But she soon sighed and turned her head towards the scenery outside the window in a daze, looking past the floating dust that was visible in the sunlight. She frowned with worry as she thought about a number of things—

[Give up one’s honor? Throwing away your pride as a knight to avoid battling the ‘Dark Blooming Roses of Madara’? … This land has been plagued by war for centuries, and is now hardly loved by its citizens, but did that youth change their hearts when he led them?]

The princess did not know that her prediction would become reality. She looked back at Oberbeck and they both did not speak for a long time.

“The Wise King, Erik, our first ancestor king led citizens from Kirrlutz to independence in order to battle the unending corruption in the empire. Our country was formed for the sake of defying the nobles’ arrogance and greed.

And now, our nobles have become greedy and noble. Have we lost our virtues and the heart to protect justice, to the point of losing the ability to gather people?”

“I dare not to presume anything, but even though the nobles are corrupted beyond recognition, at least our citizens still believe in the crown.” Oberbeck answered.

The princess nodded, her mood lifting a little.





Oberbeck was able to see through inner her thoughts and continued speaking. “No matter rotten the ground is, a seed is still able to grow beneath it, my lady. Even since the time from our ancestor king, Ansen the tenth, we have been training militias and forming forces, for the sake of sowing these seeds. That youth that I met was able to give up on his pride and honor, showing the younger generation of Aouine is no lesser than any of Madara’s forces.”

However, the two did not point out that particular youth was from the Highland Knights, and had nothing to do with the crown. Still, the princess could not imagine why he was able to give up his honor as a knight.

However, they did not know that Brendel was not a knight in the first place.

—————- Battle’s POV —————-

Xelsa did not expect it too, so he could only die in humiliation under the combined attacks of the mercenaries.

Brendel had completely ignored him, except the moment where he swung his sword without any warning. Xelsa blocked it in time, but he was thrown off the horse, and Brendel ordered the mercenaries to attack Xelsa immediately.

Brendel met Xelsa’s eyes when he attacked him. He saw that the Black Knight pursued in the belief of true honor and faith.

[One person never only hold so much strength, but when you put ten of thousands together, that force would become a strong force. ‘Madara’s blooming black roses’ are starting to form. Unfortunately, I don’t agree with that honorable notion, and I don’t intend to.]

In contrast, Xelsa looked at the young human knight from the ground. He saw only pragmatism from his cold eyes.

Brendel knew what would happen in the future, but he also knew that no one would believe that future would appear. Therefore he had to become even stronger, to let his wings grow one feather at a time, in order to make the world respect his opinions, and before that happened, all fame to him was nothing but vanity.

[The only one I can rely on is myself if I am to save Aouine and everyone else. A Black Knight trying to change my thoughts because of a stupid knight duel? Ridiculous.]





A knight’s duel required fair witnesses from both side, a series of ceremonies and rituals. He would never agree to this ridiculous suggestion unless he was mad. Perhaps the ‘knights’ in this era would agree and respect his opponent as they observed such virtues as sacred things, but he was from another world.

[The only warfare available to me is unrestricted warfare, not fucking fair duels—]

Ultimately, Xelsa was unable to understand why the knight refused a duel, and only had unending regret when the militia struck their gleaming weapons into his chest.

The undead enemy had been completely defeated.

Brendel led his horse to run a few steps before stopping. He turned it around and found everyone was looking at him strangely. It was not strange, since a knight refusing a duel was considered as an important matter. Even though the mercenaries had seen many things, they were still affected by the world’s thoughts.

Brendel sheathed his sword.

“You might wonder why I refused his duel. It’s simple. The duels between nobles should be done with respect with both side, and the enemy knight is desecrating that because of the deceit in his mind.”

He paused for a moment before continuing. “As to why I said that, all of you can think about it.”

Everyone except Leto and Taron and his men still felt a little uncomfortable. Brendel changed his tactics and said: “Of course, that’s mostly bullshit. To be more exact, I have no interest in taking a bet without any rewards in it—”

This obviously suited the mercenaries and many of them acknowledged that with hearty laughs. Mano nodded vigorously, almost thinking that Brendel was someone he could get along very well.

Leto and Taron still looked a little unconvinced after noting the hidden meaning behind Brendel’s words, but Brendel knew he could only try to explain so much, as any more would have a backlash.

He quickly gave the order to the mercenaries to tidy up the battlefield and pick up the loot, while he dismounted and went near Xelsa and the Black Warriors’ bodies.

[Time to get my rewards—]

There were some small items that was burned along with the Black Warrior when they got struck by the Thorn of Light. They looked quite disgusting, but they were considered as treasure in his eyes. He kicked away the empty armor that was much bigger than the average human. The chest armor needed to be reforged to be usable for a human, so it was worthless in his eyes.

[Let’s see, are there any magic items that could be easily carried….]

Unfortunately, he did not get much after separating the ashes with his fingers. He found an ‘Iron-ranked rating’ ring in the form of a snake. It only added +0.1 OZ agility, but it was better than nothing.





He was not too sad about the situation yet as the three Black Warriors were the appetizers, and if he got anything from it he would be happy.

[Now for the level 20 + elite Black Knight…]

The half plate that the Black Knight was his size, but the mercenaries made quite a few holes and dents on it. He cursed out loudly.

[Seriously, will these bloody idiots think about their commander a little? I don’t even have an armor plate on myself as a commander!]

Brendel then knelt beside Xelsa and started rummaging through his waist bag, as most of the magic items and protection trinkets were kept in this place.

Brendel quickly found a snake statue and three protection amulets. They were considered as good items in the game as they would bring luck to the person who brought them along. In the game lore, they were originally made by the wizards in the Forest of Ice in the north.

But they were gradually made popular and spread to other areas years later, and became highly valued by people. They were rated with ‘Bronze-ranked rating’, with the important property of not affected by the limitations of the overall magic capacity. (TL: A person can only use that many magic items before reaching their limits. I.E, if Brendel has only 100 OZ worth of magic capacity, he can’t equip magical equipment past that number otherwise it will not work.)

The amulets separately gave +1 HP, +2 HP, +0.1 defense.

[Well, they are made with awful quality, but it’s better than nothing.]

He kept away the amulets and inspected the snake statue carefully, before identifying it as an object that bestowed poison onto blades. There were similar statues made by druids, but some necromancers created them and upon activation, they would release a poison magic.

[12 OZ worth of magic capacity requirement. There’s HP damage along with weakening when the poison is applied. Shit, you fucking dirty cheating bastard, and you dare to pass yourself off as a knight? A knight using poison?!]

Brendel thought it was lucky that he was not a honorable person himself, otherwise he would be in trouble.

He kept it well hidden away. His current status was still a Highland Knight and anyone who recognized the statue would make things problematic.

[They are a lot of rules binding the knights. A light punishment for breaking them is losing the title, but a heavy punishment would be the equivalent of burning witches alive. That shit isn’t a joke.]

He then flipped over Xelsa’s body and checked his neck and hands. He did not find any necklace or rings, but a frost-coloured glass bracelet.

[… Glass Bracelet?]

“Elemental Bracelet!” Brendel was stunned and quickly pulled it off his body. Even though the game stated it as a ‘Bronze-ranked rating’, this was highly useful as it could add on damage to close or ranged combat with a certain amount of elemental damage.

[The lowest tier for this kind of bracelet is 25 OZ, and it can do an additional 4-4 elemental damage! The Thorn of Light is only 9-9 damage without having critical damage.]

Brendel suppressed the immense delight in his heart. This item was as expensive as the extremely rare ‘Silver-ranked rating’ items in the game, and an item that he could not afford at the height of its popularity.

[Attack damage is life. Especially when it comes to melee professions in the early stages. Sadly this can only be used by level 20 and above so I can’t use it for now…]





He tucked it away carefully into his bag, giving it more importance than the Thorn of Light.

[Even though the Thorn of Light is a legendary weapon, it’s only good for Iron-ranked tier swordsmen. Once I go beyond that level I need to find a better replacement for it… Especially with the toughness of the sword… The fights against the Black Warriors’s two handed swords made me feel uncomfortable since my blade is so much thinner. The bracelet is different in this aspect, and I can’t think of a better replacement for it before level 40.]

Finally, he determined that he did not miss anything from Xelsa’s body and stood up and sighed. The rewards from this battle were excellent. Besides gaining 770 XP, the equipment that he received was enough to increase his overall rating by two times.

If he was able to get another elemental ring and bracelet, he would be able to form a pure attack build and defeat a dragon whelp in the Vierio region before level thirty. He unsheathed his sword and blow on its edge, acting as though as the dragon’s treasures were already in front of him.

But after a moment, he went back to his normal state and stopped having delusions.

He checked his surroundings and discovered that most of them had brought back something, especially Leto and Mano who were more experienced than the other mercenaries. Their targets were the necromancers, and getting one or two alchemy items from them aided with their personal strength.

Brendel checked the timing again after the entire battlefield was cleared. The time taken from the start of the battle was forty-five minutes. The militia was also done with their search. He quickly checked the surroundings as he felt that Madara’s undead riders could appear anytime at this moment. The gargoyle could only scout one direction at a single time, so they had to be quick.

The refugees had already gone ahead in the gargoyle’s directions, led by a few veteran mercenaries. With the gargoyle scouting ahead, he was not worried that the refugees would run into trouble. He called out to the mercenaries and regrouped with them, and they rode off to find Freya.

Right up to this point, his plan was progressing considerably well, and the only thing left was to play hide and seek with Madara, until the moment where the star constellation of ‘King of Knights’ appeared. He took out the deer statue and raised his head to look at the sky.

TL: Brendel is accusing Xelsa for having impure motives like delaying the battle so Madara’s undead can discover them, and that is against the spirit of a fair duel. Also, it seems like lots of people kind of forgot what happened to that necromancer back then where he stole that spider ring. Imo, Brendel will most likely troll the enemies whenever possible and hardly engage in a fair fight, especially when he’s leading that group of refugees..

TL 2: Actually I have no idea what this 4-4 and 9-9 means. 4D4? 9D9? But 9D9 sounds ridiculously high for DnD damage, and I find it strange that there’s no minimum-maximum damage fluctuation. Head scratch. I might not want to include future weapon damage numbers as I feel it will detract the seriousness of the story.

Edit: Let me explain why I find that having numbers is bad. Typically DnD will first apply attack rolls, i.e 21 20, and damage rolls next (9-9 + 1 strength*stats modifier + bonus damage . So if Brendel nicks a black warrior, he does -72 damage (it was stated somewhere one or two chapters ago). If he strikes at the chest (attack roll 30 20), he does the same damage.

Only when he does maybe like head thrust (attack roll 40 20, perfect critical), he does 144 damage.

Does that sound ridiculous? So even if I see through the text with “The Amber Sword in-game calculation”, the numbers 4-4, 9-9, makes no sense to me. I am very much in favor of removing such numbers because the author has never stated his ‘system’ properly as far as I know of.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 18




TL: Unedited





Chapter 18 – Blitz

After defeating Xelsa, Brendel led the mercenaries to regroup with Freya and the militia. They moved quickly and caught up with the refugees, and proceeded towards the south. Approximately half an hour later, Brendel discovered another company of undead soldiers, and defeated them with considerable ease as they did not have an elite commander.

[We defeated two companies of undead and have successfully created an opening between their patrolling routes… In front of us are three massive groups of undead units, probably led by Direndall, Ladios and Gloeb. The situation looks dangerous, but if we are careful in our position, we’re in a balanced position where we’re in the eye of a storm.]

Even though there were slight casualties, Brendel’s plan still worked.

In the southern region of the Hunting Deer Mountain, the combined Madara undead armies discovered a huge problem after a while. They had initially thought they have surrounded the group of refugees, only to discover that they had disappeared as if they had grown wings and flew away.

After Medes met up with Wesker and Ebdon, he issued orders to his captains and scour the area. They had searched the surrounded area carefully, but they were unable to discover them.

[Is the information wrong?]

Medes did not believe in coincidences. He immediately wondered if they had hidden in a mountain valley and was waiting for them to move away from this region. He then issued an order to the entire undead army to send their scouts out spread out from their area in order to find the refugees.





But once the orders were issued out, Gloeb and Direndall discovered that there were two companies that suddenly disappeared, and believed that there might be a mysterious army that had broken through their surrounding forces and were at their rear—

“How did this happen? An army of one thousand odd troops that escaped detection from ten combined scouting units?” Gloeb said.

“It can’t be just luck or coincidence…” Direndall agreed.

The two captains did not waste any time and informed Medes with the information of the missing troops. The latter flew into a huge rage and threw the maps from the table on their faces.

He pointed at their noses and roared at them: “You bunch of useless trash! The third batch of graduates from Brumand’s roses are worse than maggots! Get out of my sight now!”

The two captains did not dare to retort him and retreated hastily. Medes took a few moments and calmed down before summoning Ebdon and Wesker to discuss the issue. They quickly decided to divide their forces into two and extend them into two wings to prevent the refugees from crossing the region.

He then issued a second order and ordered the three captains to continue searching for the refugees. Even though he looked down at these new undead nobles like he looked down at Kabias, he had to rely on their strength at this moment.

[In the end this is era of the newcomers. I just hope I did not react too slowly.]

At this point of time, Brendel had led the refugees to bypass Ladios’s army without him knowing, and was approximately three kilometers away from the third undead company.

[Something is strange… Did Medes make a move?]





Brendel quickly rode back and ordered the veteran militias to turn back with a shout. His action did not puzzle anyone as he had done this several times to avoid the undead scouting riders.

The veteran militias respectively led their assigned groups of refugees to move in the opposite direction. One of them asked like he was hoping to gain favor with him: “My lord, did the vanguard discover the undead monsters?”

“No, they did not. Lead the refugees to the north and throw away all belongings except their food, water and weapons. We’re going to advance forward as fast as we can.”

Brendel looked at them and replied.

His words surprised everyone, as they had just escaped from that direction which were filled with undead with considerable difficulty, and yet they were going back in that direction. People started wondering if he was going crazy.

Brendel pulled the the horse’s reins and let it turn one round. He looked at the uneasy people who overheard him: “Don’t worry. I have not turned crazy yet. Quickly move, as this is the only chance we have if we want to live.”

They looked back at him with palpitations in their hearts. But they could do nothing other than trust in him, as the nobles in Fortress Riedon had long abandoned them. He was the only knight that had stayed behind to lead them out of this desperate situation.

They had also heard of his bravery and wisdom as if he was a peerless fighter who defeated the enemy with ease from the militia, to the point where it sounded like exaggeration. However, the vanguard had brought about the news of victory repeatedly and brought back victory spoils like weapons.

[It looks like my authority is starting to be established since they are not questioning my order. Sadly, this glory is pointless and cannot be used since I’m a fake knight. The only true advantage that can be gotten here is my personal gain in strength. I need to see how the path of the future is coming and walk on it carefully, instead of enjoying the fame and what not.]





He started to move ahead while he thought about the distant future.

After a short while later, there was a repeated rumble within the mountain valley, and everyone stopped to look at the scene. It looked like a king was calling forth his knights. Brendel gave the order to signal the mercenaries and militia to gather up as he needed to instruct them.

A battle was about to happen again, and their nerves began to tighten up.

Brendel had made things looked like they were fine, but he was truly fighting against time every moment. Aside from battles, he had constantly looked at the pocket watch, to the point where visible perspiration formed on the surface of it.

No one except him knew how dangerous some of the previous battles were. Some of them took longer than expected and lasted for several more minutes, and that amount of time could have been disastrous as the main undead army might be able to encounter the refugees.

The mercenaries and militia gathered at one spot and wondered what the youth’s intentions were. They had bypassed several Madara undead armies and fulfilled half of their expected journey, but they suddenly retreated back to where they came from a while ago. Even Freya who trusted Brendel greatly was filled with uneasiness. She looked at him several times with the intention of speaking but stopped herself every time.

Brendel rode to their front.

“Some of you have already known this from the scouts that returned. Madara’s undead armies have changed their formations and started to spread into two wings to seal off the routes. A third force is regrouping and spreading out to search for us.”

The mercenaries who knew this wondered if the youth plan to race against time and bypass the wings. It was not strange to avoid the battles, but in order to do so the refugees have to move at least twenty kilometers ahead in order to completely avoid any contact with the enemy.

This was hardly a realistic option.

Brendel suddenly stopped and looked at Freya. She was looking pale and was about to fall off her horse.

“Freya, why don’t you rest for a while?”

She merely glared at him, and he had to give a wry smile in response.

“I already asked you to let me bandage your wounds, but you didn’t want to listen to me…”

She blushed all the way to her neck when she heard his words.

[What is this moron doing in front of everyone? How can I let him bandage my body, damn it.]

She hated Brendel for spouting nonsense, averted her head away and shut her eyes. Brendel was so stunned at her response that his mouth was open.

[Didn’t you say Freya likes me? This is liking me? You’re not lying to me right?] Brendel looked at his squire suspiciously.





“My lord, can I do something for you?” Ciel felt nervous when he saw Brendel trying to burn holes in him with his eyes, and could only try to ask carefully.

“No, nothing at all.” Brendel shook his head.

When he turned back, the mercenaries were staring and giggling at him. They had heard the story between him and Freya from Ciel one day ago about the relationship between him, Freya and Romaine.

The scene made the mercenaries look at him in a different way. His results were beyond imagination when he led them to fight Madara’s undead, and as much as they respected and trusted him, they also feared this genius. However, this flaw in him had made everyone realize that he was still very much a normal person.

“What are you all laughing at?”

“””No, nothing at all. My lord, you’re mistaken.””” Everyone answered at the same time.

“I hope that’s the truth,” Brendel looked at them in frustration, “Otherwise, you will get it from me! Alright, I don’t want to explain too much. This is the only thing I want to say.”

“Prepare for battle!” He pulled out his sword.

[After defeating all the undead troops we encountered so far, we have gathered enough weapons to create an army about five hundred… Since the undead is spreading out their troops with such haste, their central force is going to be weakened. With the advantage of the gargoyle, I can pick a battle anytime with controlled numbers. Now is the best moment to strike at Madara’s heart, and make our movements even more unpredictable…]

Brendel’s tactical plan was to blitz Ladios’s army as hard as possible.

After a minutes later, Brendel led the army of five hundred odd men and struck at Ladios’s left company of two hundred undead soldiers, and the enemies were unable to defend themselves properly.

The youth swept the undead army like a hurricane, and it was only thirty minutes later that Ladios finally realized he had lost his entire left flank. When the intermediate-ranked undead wizard brought back the news to Medes, Brendel had advanced to another location three kilometers away, and destroyed another of Gloeb’s company of undead troops.

Brendel continued to blitz into the enemies’ ranks.

He took out his pocket watch and checked the time. The constellation of the King of Knights was approximately fifty minutes away—-



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 19




TL: Unedited





Chapter 19 – The silver blade, the white knight

—————– Medes POV —————–

Medes suddenly realized he had suddenly lost the ability to control the battefield. He had nearly ten thousand undead under his command, but he was unable to use them effectively. He first thought that the enemy had made their way around his army after receiving the initial reports of losing two companies, and thus sent out his army by spreading them out like two wings, with Ebdon and Wesker leading them.

But not even half an hour later, Gloeb and Ladios lost both their left flanks.

[This group of refugees…. No, this secret army… Given their speed and effective tactics, they are as good as our main force, or even better than that. Aouine’s imperial guards? Or The Knights of Freedom? It feels like someone of great importance is leading the refugees.]

Medes looked at the map which had circles and lines drawn on it. It was apparent as to what the enemy wanted to accomplish.

[They’re trying to break out of the siege by force! The enemy is moving in straight lines at our positions, cutting through our forces like a sharp knife into our heart.]





Medes had a series of cold shudders as he analyzed the map. He suddenly stood up and overturned the table with a furious roar. He went outside of the camp and looked at the dark forest. The undead troops were outside waiting for his orders, but he did not have the confidence in his judgment this time.

[What army is this? When did Aouine have such a commander?]

——————– Brendel POV ————————

TL: Some music needed here.

The cavalry galloped through the valley like an unstoppable wave, and the earth shook under the horses’ charge.

Brendel raised his sword and pointed to a new direction. The glow of the Elven sword kept flickering as if it was a flag that was moving along with the wind, and it was the symbol of victory that the youth carried.

Some of the mercenaries were from the November’s war, some had experienced the Battle of Moonflowers, some had experienced Karsuk’s wars. Aouine had disappointed them repeatedly, as if the country was forever silent, its will buried under the annals of history, and the past glory would never belong to them again.

That is why they fought for money and became mercenaries, and their goals were to pursue rewards and treasures, and had long ago abandoned the fame and faith as warriors.

But there was no one who did not crave victory, even if he was a veteran who had experienced countless battles. Today Brendel had shown them that the banners and flags that had been trampled upon hundreds and thousands of time could be picked up. Today he had shown them that victory could be obtained, regardless of what motives they had, be it for glory or for the sake of the unfortunate and lamentable refugees.

As long as they followed him, victory, was this easy.

Their hearts were set ablazed by his words and spurred on by his actions. If today, they had to believe in a legend, they would believe he was undefeatable.

Each time they charged at the enemy, hundred of skeletons were easily destroyed and laid down to their eternal rest. None of the enemy commanders stood a chance—

These frightening undead soldiers might have made Fortress Riedon’s formal army tremble, but when it came to facing them, they would be turned into dust!

At that very moment, the riders believed that they were invincible.

Brendel pointed at another direction, and they roared to acknowledge his order. No one seemed to know the meaning of exhaustion, and even the militia who marched quickly behind them moved with vigor. They had only one thought in their minds:

Advance, continue to advance, as quickly as possible!

No one had the energy to consider other things, as their energy was spend on generating adrenaline. Their pupils were dilated and they struggled to breath in as much air as possible, to the point where they had to exchange their lives to drag down an enemy to hell.





Kill the Madara undead!

They could almost see the youth’s sword pointing to a door, and behind it was the pathway to a miracle.

Brendel finally saw an undead group in front of him. He believed that he had broke through the second or third line of defence.

[This time we’re near the heart of the undead army. Is it Ebdon or Wesker, or the ‘Undead Maggot’ Medes?]

A huge group of gleaming white skeletons were marching beside the river, many times more than what they had encountered. He narrowed his eyes as he saw two groups of Black Warriors beside the commander.

[A high-ranking commander!]

Brendel found that he had caught a big fish. He’s not entirely certain whether he could devour it, but he was already on a road of no return, and he had no choice to defeat it.

He raised his sword up, the light from his sword shining to the point that everyone around it felt blinded by it. The wind echoed deafeningly in his ears, and he could not hear any other sounds other this own breathing. He shouted as loudly as he could:

“Riders, charge!”

“””Attack!!!”””

There were forty-nine riders along with him, but it was as if there was a dam had suddenly broken from the mountain valley. The noise made from their roars echoed throughout the area as they charged straight at their leader.

‘The Pale Knight’ Ebdon’s expression immediately changed.

Just like Medes, it had wondered who the commander was and what division the mysterious army belonged to. However, it did not expect to meet under such circumstances.

When it turned its head around, the blazing frost flames that leaked out from his eyes through the helmet saw the dauntless group of riders charging down the valley, with a youth leading its charge with his right hand high up with a sword that glowed as bright as the stars.

For one moment, it thought it had returned to the old era where knights still believed in their chivalry.

It had remembered, that once upon a time the proud knights of Kirrlutz rode on grand gryphons and dignified horses, without any reliance on any tactics, charged straight at the enemy.

In this world, there was no other army like them, as if they were born to charge, and even if they were to perish they had to die during charging. Their lives were simply meant for that one moment of glory and victory.

Ebdon found that its heart loosened for one single moment as it thought it had returned to that year. Under that army who viewed death as the highest honor… It lost the best moment to react. When Ebdon regained its senses and ordered the skeletons to get ready, everything was too late.

Brendel’s army was like the sharpest lance that aimed to strike the heart of the undead’s formation, as if he was a king leading his knights forward.

“Necromancers!” Ebdon pulled out his own sword and shrieked from his soul.

Ten necromancers raised their bone staffs together.

A black tempest suddenly appeared in front of the undead army. The hurricane of darkness pulled everything up, grinding rocks into dust and the trees wilted as they became black smoke, rising up to the air in a scream.

Ebdon felt it had lost its breath, almost wondering if it had seen an illusion. It was not possible for the current Aouine to possess a group of cavalry like that… Then The Pale Knight realized, that it did not need to breathe since a very long time ago.

It sighed inwardly.

But the next moment, the flames in its eyes stopped moving and its mouth widened a little.

The youth burst out from the tempest. A blue magical sigil was shining on his right hand, and when he pointed his sword forward, the tempest immediately moved towards towards the undead forces.

At that moment, Brendel was the ruler of the tempest and he yelled out two words.

“Magic Control!”

Rows of skeletons crashed into each other, and a few of the skeletons’ Soul Fire were blown out as the tempest blew straight into them.

But Brendel suffered damage as he had charged through the tempest, and he fell off the horse.

Everyone in the battlefield stopped their actions when he saw him falling off.





Freya who was leading the militia who happened to see this scene by coincidence covered her mouth with her hand with a silent scream forming in her.

[Even if it is him, he can also collapse?]

The mercenaries who followed him lost their grips on the horses’ reins, and finally woke up from their dream.

But Brendel quickly shrugged off the effects and readied himself in an instant before he even touched the ground.

[This is the best moment. Charge. Activate.]

Once his feet landed on the ground, he jumped up and launched himself like an arrow. A silver line streaked across the battlefield.

Everyone watched that striking silver line—- which symbolized a miracle.

Once the line came to a stop, twelve skeletons were severed into half. Brendel had jumped straight into the midst of undead with his sword held high up.

He looked at the gigantic undead knight before him that was covered in white armor, as well as the frost colored flames in his eyes.





[So it’s you. The Pale Knight Ebdon, former hero of Aouine.] Brendel looked at him and readied his sword, a thin gathering of wind forming on the gleaming sword.

“Your road ends here, young man!” Ebdon looked at Brendel as he parried his sword.

[A silver-ranked knight.] Brendel did not fight the impact from the opponent’s sword and retreated immediately.

[This is going to be difficult.]



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 20




TL: Unedited



From now onwards, Ebdon is known as The White Rider, not pale knight, not white knight.





Chapter 20 – The knight of the past (1)

TL: If you want music to go along?

“Young man, your road ends here.”

The single sword in Ebdon’s hand is an ordinary magic sword named ‘The White Fang’, but it was the proof of this knight’s entire fame and honor.

Its left hand supported his right wrist, and when it finished speaking, the thin blade ignited, and a white layer of flame sprang from the sword.

[Ebdon’s famous sword’s skill, ‘White Blaze’.]

Compared to him, Ebdon was the true imperial swordsman. The former Ebdon was a knight at the age of seventeen, and when he was forty he was considered a master fighter. He spent his entire life fighting for Aouine and was considered a hero, but the ‘White Rider’ Ebdon was the name that spread throughout the continent.

In his era, Ebdon was one of four Madara’s Apocalypse Knights, and the name of ‘White Rider’ was attached to the ‘Conqueror’ Ebdon. This name alone terrified children and adults alike. (TL: Yes, that’s from the four horsemen of the apocalypse and the first time it ever appeared in the series, oh gosh the pain of editing every single name that I tled wrongly…)

As soon as Brendel retreated, he immediately felt the situation was too difficult for him to handle alone.





[Out of the entire forces in this region, there are two leaders I don’t want to meet. One is the Conqueror, ‘The White Rider’, Ebdon, the other is the King of Wars ‘The Red Rider’ Ladios. Looks like Mother Marsha is playing a joke on me again.]

But Ebdon moved immediately with its horse, and before Brendel was able to finish his thoughts, Ebdon had already attacked slashed diagonally from above. The burning white blade swung down towards his head, making him feel the freezing air that rushed at his face. He immediately felt his breath was stifled, and without a moment to waste, immediately rolled sideways.

The white flames blew across the ground and a blast rang out from it. Rocks and gravel flew all over the place as if an explosion had occurred there, and he saw that there was a clean cut on the ground extending all the way to a boulder that was in the swing’s path.

[The wind pressure alone is able to destroy rocks. That’s the proof of a true Silver-ranked swordsman.]

Brendel felt goosebumps rising all over his body. Even with his skill Power Break, his White Raven Sword Arte was only able to destroy wooden materials.

Ebdon did not waste any time when it saw Brendel escaping to the sides, and urged its Nightmare Warhorse forward without any regards for the undead around him, trampling the skeletons down in order to reach Brendel’s side.

When Ebdon got close enough, it made the horse jump ahead of Brendel, with another slash towards the youth’s neck.

[Shit!]

Brendel saw that there was no escape, and he could only used the Thorn of Light with Power Break to increase his strength. A grating sound of metallic scream happened when their swords met each other. Both swords bend backwards to their utmost limits, and Brendel was finally pushed backwards by like a cannonball. He rolled uncontrollably on the ground a few times, before he managed to stop himself and crawl up with trembling arms.

[At least 25 OZ in strength. Move, you stupid hand!]

His right hand received the greatest impact, and for a moment he lost the feelings in his fingers, before pins and needles rushed to prick them. Brendel felt that it was lucky of him to activate the Power Break in time, otherwise his hand would be rendered useless.

[This is getting crazy. A single slash from his sword is over a ton each.]

Brendel watched the rider that was clad in pure white rushing straight at him. He wished that he had his Holy Sword card ready to use. In order to win against a monster like this, he had to rely on that type of power, but at the same time, he did not have the available earth EP to pay for it at this moment.

Ebdon and its horse was nearly in front of him —





Brendel gritted his teeth and raised his sword over his head with both hands, the blade pointing slightly downwards towards the ground as well as parallel to it, his eyes glaring at Ebdon His stance was one of the best for parrying within the military swordsmanship.

“The stance is unrefined.”

The White Rider looked down at him from the horse, and a cold raspy voice transmitted from the helmet. Another slash faster than the previous attacks came, with the compressed air forming from the edges of the blade.

[Incoming!]

Brendel immediately took a step forward to meet The White Fang by using the fuller portion of his blade. At the single instant where the point of contact happened, he adjusted the angle of the blade. Sparks flew, and he actually managed to make Ebdon’s blade slide away —

But the remaining strength transmitted from the blade still made him fall backwards. Brendel’s left leg immediately went back further and downwards. It was as if he had frequently adjusted his entire balance using this sword stance and became part of his instinct. His feet slid away to the sides, but at the end of it he was steady in a half-kneeling position.

Brendel’s shirt was nearly drenched in perspiration. He had accomplished this in the game many times, but that was with the assistance with the system to predict several things that include the path of the sword and body position, and it even aided him in correcting wrong postures.

This was done without any assistance at all.

[If I missed that by a centimeter, I’m most likely dead—]

But he actually managed to do it.

He swung his right arm a few times as he still felt that it was not listening to his command properly. The opponent’s strength was just too much. Each time he crossed swords he felt like a truck had struck him. Even if he managed to parry the blade, his muscles and bones were groaning.

Ebdon uttered a puzzled sound under its helmet. The swordsmanship was nothing special, but he seemed very experienced as he found the appropriate technique to defend himself as if he was a veteran.

He turned his horse back and went further away, preparing to charge at him.

How could Brendel give Ebdon another chance when he finally escaped from the opponent’s attacking pace? He immediately raised his right hand and aimed his thumb at Ebdon and roared.

“Oss!”

“Magic incantation?” The burning white flames in Ebdon’s eyes shook a little when it heard Brendel’s words. He quickly turned around and used his sword and prepared to block himself.

A huge current of air along with an explosive sound had already approached Ebdon, along with huge scars on the ground behind its trail, but Ebdon slashed through it and parted the current into two waves which instantly sent the line of skeletons into the air, which broke apart even before it reached the river shore.

Scores of bones fell down onto the ground, and noisy cracking sounds could be heard, with another metallic scream interrupting the unpleasant music cacophony.

[Charge. Activate.]





Before the dust had even settled, Ebdon had already brought its sword up as Brendel had suddenly appeared from above, and it met his attack in the air.

There were no weakness in his defense.

Brendel was not surprised at all. An elite figure like himself at this level, could only be stronger compared to the Golden Demonic Tree. In actual truth, he had also relied on the Holy Sword card to fight against the Golden Demonic Tree, otherwise it was hard to know who was going to be the victor. He did not hope to leave anything to chance when it came to fighting Ebdon.

At this point of time, he could only will himself for a battle that was beyond his strength.

His next attack came before he landed on his feet. His right arm pulled back and launched a Sword Arte next. Ebdon immediately reacted and swung its sword without any expression, and the wind pressure dissipated from the arc of white flames.

Finally, Ebdon pulled its sword back and did not move. It sat on its horse quietly and looked at Brendel, trying to remember a distant story.

In the story, there were long trumpets that blew out melodious music in the Baltha Highlands, with swallow-tailed flags flying in the winds.

“White Raven Swordsmanship.” It opened its mouth and said.

“A scion of the Royal Family?” Ebdon asked coldly from the horse.

Brendel was surprised for a moment.

[Did Ebdon have anything to do with the Corvado empire? But I didn’t hear anything like that in the game… Regardless of that I should deny it… What would happen if there’s some revenge element in this history. I heard some stories about a level 30 boss suddenly going to level 40s and instantly killed off that party attacking it. A legendary level 40 elite boss becoming level 50?!]

When he thought of that, he immediately shook his head forcefully.

But he did not expect Ebdon to point his sword at him and say coldly: “If that is the case, killing you would not go against my oath.”

Brendel nearly puked out blood when he heard that, and his mind was instantly filled with regret.

[God damn it, this bloody bird arse’s oath, shit, I should have impersonated a royal family member, what the blood hell, I just shot myself in the foot!]

On the other side, Ebdon had resumed into a battle stance with his horse again. Brendel felt really helpless at this point.

[If I combine Power Break with a Sword Arte to fight the enemy, I’m going to spend 9 points of stamina every time, that’s way over the limits. Ebdon is at least a level 30+ elite, with 200+ HP. He even split the wind bullet that’s capped at 30 damage, at best he had just received some minor abrasions and that’s about it. Sure, I can kill him if I managed to stab him two or three times with the Thorn of Light, but I can’t even touch him with my attack combination just now.]

He looked sideways at the mercenaries and could only hope that the mercenaries were able to support him.

But the mercenaries were engaging the undead skeletons at this moment. They had the upper hand because of his charge, but it looked like it was impossible for them to reach here for a while. He could only place his hope in the militia who was nearby to sweep up the remaining undead so they could be freed up.





———————— Freya POV ———————

Freya who was leading the militia into the fray frowned. She had caught glimpses of Brendel’s fights but had lost sight of him. With such a large amount of undead, she guessed that their commander was highly-ranked. She was no longer the naive village girl, and was different from the people who blindly believed in him. She was certain that Brendel was in a difficult battle, and she searched around the battlefield.

She found Ciel and Sue nearby.

“Sue, please help me out.”

“Huh?” That young girl was confused.

“Help me lead the miltia.”

“What?”

“I need to help Brendel,” Freya replied and called out to Ciel: “Ciel, come with me.”

“Miss Freya, I’m fine with that, but are you sure that you’re fine?” Ciel was taken aback. Brendel had instructed him to look after the injured Freya, but it was true that he was much more worried about his master.

Freya looked at him in the eye and nodded.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 21




TL: Unedited





Chapter 21 – The knight of the past (2)

Brendel swung his sword to parry the white fang, and a blast of wind sprang from the points where the blades connected, driving his hair back in a fluttering mess. He did not resist the force and slid backwards with his eyes narrowed from the pain from his hands.

His skin had ripped and the blood was starting to flow onto the sword’s hilt. While he had not received any apparent injuries from the opponent’s blade, the images on his retina had repeatedly flashed, and his HP bar had dropped by over thirty points.

[Beyond the apparent wounds from my hands, this means that my internal organs are starting to get damaged. Any more of this impact will mean that they will get ruptured. Internal bleeding is going to happen… If it’s not for my high Physique, I wouldn’t be able to receive even one blow from Ebdon and die from the impact.]

But what made him anguished was the fact that Ebdon seemed to have realized that as well. Its timing for each strike had shortened and was becoming stronger as well, not giving him a chance to even breathe for a moment.

[Doesn’t this bastard care about his own troops? I won’t be able to last if this continues, but your entire army is getting wiped out! Do you really think you’re stronger than the entire army here?]

But he did not know that ridiculous thought was the closest to reality. Even though Ebdon was considered as a hero of Aouine, but it had become twisted after he had woken up as an undead. Even though most undead did not retain their memories before they died, Ebdon managed to retain most of its glorious moments and often revel in them. As an undead, it saw through the memories like another person, and the bloodbath in the battles made it merciless.





Ebdon was destined to become a Madara high ranking general due to its great insight, and sought only to kill the most dangerous enemies. And in front him, was an excellent commander whose threat was greater than the entire army combined. It would forsake the chance at victory just to kill the youth.

But Brendel’s performance had greatly exceeded its expectations. As a master of Aouine’s swordsmanship, it was able to discern that Brendel had learn some of the most basic military swordsmanship with probably one or two imperial sword artes. Even though his skills appeared to be no better than an imperial guard, he had defended against its attacks time after time without fail.

Ultimately, it could only choose to utilize its overpowering strength and slowly torture him to death. This was difficult for it to accept as this method was despicable, but it had sworn another oath to the undead and chose to throw his honor—

Ebdon knew that any other undead would choose to do the same.

“May Mother Marsha bless Madara.” The undead knight’s flames in its eyes were cold as the unforgiving sword threatened to cleave Brendel into two.

But as soon the blade went down, Brendel had rolled to the sides, as if he knew that it was going to attack him before hand. The White Fang in its hands could only slam into the ground, inching past Brendel every time. The times when Brendel were unable to dodge in time, would be parried away in a bizarre manner by using his unrefined skills.

[Again!]

This scene was beyond Ebdon’s imagination. The flames in its eyes flashed uncontrollably. This was the third time it changed to to another sword technique. At first it used its most familiar technique — Aouine’s military swordsmanship, then it switched to Aouine’s imperial swordsmanship, but Brendel seemed to be able to see through all of them. It thought that he had the advantage of having the same country’s swordsmanship, so he switched to Madara’s Black Cross swordsmanship, but Brendel did not show any signs of being unfamiliar, and seemed to predict its attacks even more accurately…….





But it did not know that Brendel was only familiar with Aouine’s military swordsmanship to approximately level thirty. In his long journey, he had seen hundreds of different sword skills, be it a common or high level technique, but if there were two that he was the most familiar with—

They would be the Paladin’s swordsmanship and Madara’s undead Black Cross swordsmanship. The reason was simply because he had used the Paladin’s swordsmanship the longest in the game, and fought against the undead for decades and had seen the Black Cross swordsmanship the most.

However, under the opponent’s higher stats in both agility and strength, he had no chance to even counter attack. And he even had trouble capturing the opponent’s movements, and was relying on his experience to predict where the enemy would attack.

[Damn it… My stamina is nearing half my bar. If that happens my strength and reactions will drop, and if it falls to a third, I might not even be able to put up a proper stance. This battle hasn’t even been three minutes yet—]

Brendel’s forehead was already covered in sweat. Under Ebdon’s constant push, he gradually started to lose the ability to think about anything else. At first he was still able to observe the battlefield once in a while, but with each percentage of his stamina gone, he nearly had to use all his focus to avoid Ebdon’s attack every time.

The number of times the swords met had increased.

It was like an endless cycle that spiraled into disaster. If he had to cross swords with Ebdon, he would feel exhausted and bruised each time, and with that exhaustion find it impossible to dodge its attacks.

He was already grinding his molars to hold on desperately. The current situation was no different from being sentenced to death. He had to squeeze very last potential from his spent body escape from death each time, and his body screamed and begged to let it rest, causing him to want to give up entirely.

And yet each time when he wanted to do so, the faces of everyone that he led would suddenly appear in the corner in his heart, making it boil in his chest to continue resisting the enormous undead before him — and dodged to the sides.

He had blinked for a moment when he got up, but when he opened them, what entered his eyes was a field of dark snow. His senses was suddenly on full alert, as the skin on his scalp seemed to be numbed.

Ebdon had used his full strength to bring down Brendel. The Silver-ranked abilities showed themselves as a white flame burst forth to the front of him in the shape of a crescent. A few moments later, the boulders in the mountain valley broke and started rolling down.

This sword had reached to nearly a hundred and fifty feet, cutting the walls of the mountain valley.

The freezing winds blew past the current area as the army fell into a voiceless silence.





Everyone in the army was terrified. They had heard stories about the prowess of the Silver-ranked fighters, but they have never seen it with their own eyes. This was almost unachievable by human strength, and everyone felt impressed and frightened from the bottom of their hearts.

The mercenaries who were nearer to Brendel froze for a moment, unable to believe that Brendel was fighting a monster like this for so long.

Brendel had not even sought for help, and they suddenly realize that he was desperately trying to fulfill the promise to everyone of them. They had always thought that he had effortlessly solved every situation, but he had actually been trying to complete it to the very best of his abilities.

What were they doing, wasting time with these undead?

“Shit! Has anyone seen Brendel?”

“We need to help him out now!”

“Do you think he’s still alive after that strike!”

The mercenaries that blindly trusted in Brendel, suddenly felt they truly belong to him as a commander.

Ebdon sheathed his sword with a clear ring.

“Brendel!”

Freya had rode from the side to find Brendel, but she was too late when she finally found them. After that attack, it seemed like everything had ended.

Freya dropped her sword onto the ground with a clank. She almost could not believe her eyes. The youth who brought her out of Bucce and showed off the world to her, this shameless cad…

Was gone forever?

She suddenly felt someone patting on her shoulder, and she turned her head back in a daze. Ciel looked at the area below them, his eyes not blinking:

“Miss Freya, if I’m still here, it means that my lord isn’t dead yet.”





“Wh……at?” She paused for a moment, not able to understand the entire meaning of his sentences.

But at least she understood part of it —

Because she saw a familiar figure climbing out from a pile of broken rocks.

Brendel felt his entire body was about to fall apart. His shirt had been ripped apart from the wind pressure and his forehead was full of blood, and there were countless wounds on his body. (TL: I can imagine the fanservice. Sort of.)

But he suppressed the pain and grinned.

“You bastard, to think that you would underestimate me at this final moment—“



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 22





TL: Unedited





[Read more…]

Chapter 22 – The knight of the past (3)

Ebdon lowered his head in slight confusion to the rocks, but Brendel had already leaped into the air. His entire body was in a blur, and behind him were countless afterimages of himself, and within a split moment, he had already crossed over a dozen meters.

It immediately found that it could not capture his movement. He was like a gust of wind that seemed to went past him, and before it was able to react, he was already behind its back.





[I seen him use this before at the start of battle, but experiencing this terrifying technique for myself is different. This young man isn’t simple!]

Ebdon’s White Fang left its sheath immediately, instinctively covering his back with it. A loud clang rang out as it blocked the Thorn of Light.

This defense had left the boundaries of swordsmanship.

They were using their experience to fight each other.

Brendel immediately stepped to the side like a ghastly spirit leaving hazy shadows behind, and struck at Ebdon’s left chest.

[One more second left to the Charge technique.]

But Ebdon immediately swept its sword around to parry the tip of his blade, not showing any signs of weakness—

[Even with 44 OZ worth of agility, he still managed to block the first and second attack… This foe is really troublesome.]

Suddenly the flames in the undead knight flared. He suddenly felt another presence behind him and felt an attack coming towards it. He immediately turned around and swung his sword, only to find a gargoyle that was split into two and tumbling onto the ground.

That moment seemed to extend itself for a long time, Ebdon watched the gargoyle slowly crumble into several pieces and fall onto the ground, but it immediately knew that the situation had turned.

Brendel placed a foot forward and took a deep breath. He launched his final Power Break onto the White Raven Sword Arte.

The wave unleashed onto Ebdon and his Nightmare horse. The wave instantly severed the horse’s head and caused it to stumble downwards, but Ebdon threw his sword onto the ground and a gigantic force propelled Brendel backwards along with his sword.

[The Wall of Will! Shit, that technique is from the Sun Knight Aegwynn!]

Brendel stumbled backwards eight steps before he rushed up again with clenched teeth. Ebdon had successfully gained enough time for it to launch a counter attack. It threw his white cape away and picked up the White Fang and marched straight to Brendel. Three consecutive metallic wails rang throughout the valley, and each time the swords struck each other, Brendel was forced to retreat backwards. The air in the youth’s chest was completely knocked out and he could not maintain a proper stance anymore —

“Aouine,” Ebdon watched coldly as Brendel could not defend properly anymore and raised his sword. The white flames in his eyes seem to freeze everything: “Has grown too old.”

The white blade lunged forward.

Brendel’s teeth gritted so hard that his gums bled. He struck down at Ebdon’s blade, but it hardly diverged from its course and he tried to grab the sword next. The leather gloves glowed blue for a moment but it still pierced through, causing the blade to run through his palm, cutting apart his chain armor and split apart the links, until it snaked its way into the youth’s abdomen.

The scarlet blood that flowed down was as red as old wine.

But Ebdon did not find victory.

Brendel had an insane look in his eyes as he gripped its right wrist with his left hand, locking the White Fang in place. He raised the Elven Sword with the right hand.

Ebdon found the words ‘A’ssonston, Donamiru-‘ glowing on the Thorn of Light—

And then.

The sword thrust forward.





Ebdon tried to use the left hand to block it, but the sword immediately burned through with as the purification fire flared up, stabbing straight into its chest.

Two swords, connected the knights together. At that moment they could only hear the cold wind.

“Hahahaha,” Brendel said weakly: “You bastard, you are wrong……”

“You think you won, young man?” Ebdon said with a cold voice.

Its chest felt like it was burning up, the pain torturing him, but at the same time the wound was not fatal.

“No, it’s just that……. Even though Aouine has grown old……. There are still people who loved it regardless.”

Brendel coughed. Ebdon was waiting for this moment, but he had also planned for the same thing.

They pulled their swords out together at the same time, and Brendel ignored Ebdon’s attack which made its way to his lungs. At the same time, he had hacked off the undead knight’s left arm far away.

Two of them stepped back at the same time.

Brendel immediately fell to the ground and started coughing. Specks of blood fell onto the ground. He felt burning sensations all over his chest, and he had never experienced such pain ever in his life, except for one place— Bucce.

The talent ‘Unyielding’ had already activated, and he stood up with his sword supporting him.

Ebdon was ready to act. Its injuries were much lighter than Brendel, and even though it was surprised and impressed with his tenacity and unshakeable resolution, it needed victory more than ever.

It stumbled a little on the rocks in its path. It had difficulty maintaining its balance, but it was at a better state compared to Brendel who had knelt down once again to the ground.

Ebdon glanced at the mercenaries who were closing in. It quickly raised its sword and rushed at Brendel again.

Suddenly a golden flash of light came from the high ground.

[That is not an illusion!]

It quickly turned its head to check the source and immediately saw a ring that was on a woman’s thumb shining like a star.

Freya shouted clearly: “Flamme!”

The mercenaries saw a straight line of fire streaking across the air, but Ebdon saw a gigantic ball of fire charging straight at him. The speed of the fireball was so fast that the mercenaries only saw a line of fire—

Ebdon tried to parry it with its sword, but it was late in doing so.

The fire immediately exploded onto him, creating a powerful shockwave that swept through the mountain valley, flinging everyone’s hair backwards with the the needles of the fir trees flying all over to the sky. The mercenaries’ horses stopped in fright and they stood up in fright, sending a few of them onto the ground. The flames continued to persist for a moment longer, before it vanished into the night.

Brendel was also sent backwards, but after the dust settled, he saw Ebdon half-kneeling on the ground.

He did not move.

[I-I won?]

He rubbed his forehead. The fireball from Freya had actually caused AOE damage to him and sent him a fright, but immediately recalled that he was as resilient as a cockroach. A grin slowly formed on his face as the realization that he was the victor.

[The ‘Unyielding’ talent was my final trump card…]





He took a look at him once more, wondering what Aouine’s former hero thought at the end of his life.

[Did he still sought after the past glory in his memory?]

Brendel thought for a while before he finally prepared himself to sit up. Suddenly, there were sounds of shuffling noises behind him and he became alert. When he turned his head around, he saw Freya and Ciel coming towards him anxiously.

“Brendel!” Freya had nothing on her mind other than to support him up. She asked carefully while she looked at the youth who was still lying down on the ground: “Brendel, are y-you alright?”

Just as he wanted to assure her, his mind suddenly thought of something and laid back down.

“Freya, is that you?” He suddenly coughed repeatedly after asking weakly on the ground.

“Y, yes, it’s me….. C-can’t you see me?” Freya’s tears were already falling when she saw his body was covered with wounds, and the uncontrollable bleeding from his abdomen and chest made it clear that he was not going to make it. “Brendel, don’t talk anymore, I-I’ll bandage you up…..”

“Freya… There’s… no point. I-I need to request you to do something for me.”

“W-what is it?” Freya’s heart sank when she heard him speak in this manner.

“Can you….. kiss me?”

“Eh, ahh…. huh?” Freya’s mind stopped working for a moment. But her face was serious after it registered in her mind.

Brendel could not hold back his laughter as he sat straight up with some effort. “I’m joking, Freya, here, help me up instead–”

“Y-your wounds, don’t move Brendel! Stop….. I-I’ll kiss you!” Freya shouted loudly as she thought he was upset with her for not fulfilling his last request.

Brendel coughed and explained quickly: “No, seriously, I’m really fine.”

“How can that be possible!”

“You know that I’m not only a knight, I’m also a wizard—” Brendel knew that she would not believe him so easily with his fatal injuries, so he could only use a white lie.





“A-are you really fine?”

“Of course.”

Brendel pretended to be fine as he rummaged for Holy Potion number 9 in his bag with full of cold sweat on his forehead.

Freya looked at him in a daze, first turning from white into red, then to white again, then to red again. Finally she clenched her fist and bit her lips.

“Brendel, you, you…….”

“Shameless cad!”



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 23




TL: Unedited. In the non-Brendel’s narration Ebdon is an ‘It’, while Brendel uses ‘he/him/his’.





Chapter 23 – Mission?

Holy Potion 9’s effect was not as powerful as the other types of health potions; the effect of this particular one merely managed to pull Brendel away from eternal death. In addition to the potion, Ciel and Freya helped him bandage up his wounds, and the Emergency First Aid skill finally stopped the bleeding. Even though he felt faint from the loss of blood and was extremely pale, he confirmed that he was no longer in danger from his Stats Window.

Brendel stood up shakily, but after a few steps he nearly stumbled onto the ground. Ciel and Freya quickly went to his sides to help him up. He looked at Freya with surprise as he thought she would get angry for at least a day over his tasteless joke and ignore him.





Freya felt his gaze and she turned her head away. Her face was red with anger when she found out that he lief, but after thinking about it, she felt that this ending was better than losing Brendel. But at the same time, she gnashed her teeth and reminded herself that she should not fall so easily to this rotten bastard’s tricks anymore.

After a few moments, Brendel started to think about his plans again. They walked up to the horses and he patted Ciel’s horse and spoke to his squire:

“Ciel, help me up—”

Before Ciel reacted, Freya went in front of Brendel and blocked him: “Wait, w-what are you trying to do again!”

“I’m going to sit on a horse?”

“No!”

“What’s wrong?” Brendel was confused.

“Y-your injuries are too bad to be able to ride on a horse, can you stop being so reckless. Think about those are concerned with you…” She grumbled with embarrassment.

She thought about how this had happened before. She did not understand if he knew that his injuries would be fatal on anyone else.

He looked at her expression and finally understood her concern. His attitude weakened and explained to her: “Freya, I’m really fine now. I just drank a holy potion, didn’t you recall how we saved Jonathon with the potion that night?”

Freya bit her lips. She half-believed his words, but the fact that he had just stumbled stayed in her mind. Yet every time she argued with him, she seemed to be on the losing end, so she chose to stubbornly stand before him and say nothing.

Brendel did not know how to persuade her. He could try to use harsh words to depict the current situation, but this would hurt her in the process and he did not want to do it to a girl who thought nothing but the best for him.

“Freya, please let my lord get on the horse.” Ciel suddenly spoke up just when Brendel was about to sigh in exasperation.

Freya looked at Ciel in disbelief. She had expected the squire to be on her side. In the continent Vaunte, squires were compelled to follow their knights and protect them, but why did Ciel look like he was not concerned with his master’s life?

“Ciel, why are you…..” She faltered for a moment and trailed off as she did not know what to say.





“My lord is really out of danger. He’s just a little weak, so please leave the duty of taking care of my lord to me—” He said as he glanced at Brendel with a little concern in his eyes, but there was much more admiration and respect in them: “My lord has to think of our situation. He has to ride on a horse to show that he has not fallen, that he’s still the banner that will lead us forward—”

Ciel said with pride. “This is his honor to fight for all of us., and the reason why he holds the sword into his hand.”

Brendel grinned when he heard the lavish praise. But the truth was that simple, he had to continue riding to give the mercenaries and the refugees the confidence that victory was at hand.

This battle was many times more intense than the previous battles, and the militia and refugees’ morale had been shaken. Even though he did not understand the art of war very well, the current army that he had was really nothing more than rabble. If they had already controlled the battlefield, they would still be fine, but once they meet any setback, they would quickly collapse.

Therefore he must show that was like an invincible figure that would always lead them to victory. As long as he was still standing, the remaining people that followed him would understand that there was still hope.

Freya looked at Brendel with a complicated expression, and after seeing him nodding in agreement to Ciel’s words, she finally stepped aside.

Brendel got onto the horse with Ciel’s aid, but he was so weak that he wondered if he could even hold on to the reins properly.

[I can’t believe what I’m doing. A few days ago, I was just a normal citizen… I really don’t understand why I have so much determination and will to keep going on and lead these people…]

The refugees watched their commander ride up to them. It was as if he had gained another victory and the only casualty was his horse.

Only those who were near him could see his body constantly trembling from the pain, as well as the cold perspiration on his forehead. But he was completely silent and did not say anything, not even bothering to look around him but maintaining a cold and stoic expression.

Leto and Mano looked at each other when they saw this scene. They bowed their heads in respect and went off to regroup with the cavalry. They wanted to ask if Brendel needed any assistance, but looking at his actions, they understood that he did not need any and he would not let them do so anyway.

They did not fully understand his personality, but this proved that he was full of pride from the determination to lead them to safety.

His pride was like the symbol of Aouine’s flag.

After giving out some instructions, Brendel rode over to the half-kneeling Ebdon. He threw away the gargoyle statue along his way. It had lost its meaning when the gargoyle was cleaved into two from Ebdon’s attack.

[It might be repairable if I had some true experts here, but the process is complicated to the point that it’s better to just make another one. This is one of the most important items that I lost here. From now onwards we’re going in blind. Other than that my gloves should be considered as useless. Perhaps it could be sewed back together, but the defensive magic in it might not work anymore…]

Brendel could not imagine that he was able to defeat a legendary figure like Ebdon in a duel, even in the game. But this ridiculous script had turned into reality. Ebdon was still kneeling there quietly.

[Ebdon. Born in the Year of the Walnut Trees. He came from a noble family and subsequently became a knight. He then joined Aouine’s Knights of Freedom and fought against Kirrlutz. This was his brightest moment and became a good commander. He participated in a few famous battle and won much fame and glory within his kingdom. When he finally lived his life fully, for some reason he had woken up as an undead…]

Brendel knew a great deal about the lore within the game, especially when Ebdon was one of the top elite commanders an was literally impossible to kill. There were very little missions around him, but Brendel suspected there might be a hidden mission when he said something about an oath.

[Most of the hidden missions have seriously good rewards. Something like the Ring of The Wind Empress at the start of the game could be considered legendary because it’s a 20 OZ equipment. But at the same time I only know secret missions that start after level 40… Hmm, wait, Ebdon… is still alive?]





He rode next to Ebdon and spoke.

“Do you have anything to say, Ebdon?”

A moment of silence.

“Young man, do you….. know me?”The undead knight suddenly moved a little and asked with a raspy and low voice.

Brendel shook his head. “I do not know you. But perhaps I do know the name Ebdon as an Aouine hero who should be resting for all eternity, back in the embrace of Mother Marsha.”

“You might have his name, but you are not him.”

Ebdon scoffed coldly, and stood up by putting strength in its sword.

“You should have died a long time ago, young man, but you have not.” It said emotionlessly. “It seems like your victory was not a coincidence. If you know about this body’s past and you’re here to speak to me, what else do you want to know?”

Freya received a jump when she saw Ebdon standing up from the ground. She immediately started to ride up to Brendel to protect him, but Ciel stopped him with his arm. He slowly shook his head to stop her. He did not know what relationship his lord had with the undead knight, but he felt that they should know each other. Furthermore, Brendel was a very cautious person who did not easily place himself in danger.

Brendel hesitated for a while, but he wanted to use his experience in the game and try something out. “You had asked me earlier if I was a scion of the Royal Family, if I say I am one now, what of it?”

The undead knight merely laughed.





Brendel sighed inwardly and mocked himself. Looks like there was a difference in the game and reality after all.

“Looks like you’re going to bring your secret to Mother Marsha, Ebdon.” He could only lament when he discovered he could not weasel out the mission.

But Ebdon shook its head.

“Not so.”

It said.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 24




TL: Unedited



Chapter 24 – Lion heart

“These words are not actually meant for you, but I believe that you can do it.” Ebdon was silent for a moment, before it raised its head up to look at the youth.

Brendel was silent as he grabbed the reins with one hand. He hesitated to reply.

Ebdon immediately guessed that he did not believe in the words it had just said, but it did not seem to mind. He merely knelt on his right knee, straightened up his chest and placed his sword into before him with both gloves on the hilt.

“The king slumbers within the valley when the twin moons can be seen. The Evergreen Winter Tree shadow points to the northwest where gathered stars fade away as the dawn lowers her authority—”

Brendel’s expression did not change after he heard the words. He rode past Ebdon before turning back to him again. There were many riddles like this in the game.





[I was never good at solving at all these puzzles. The twin moon probably references the two moons that appear together under Vaunte’s sky. The king slumbers in the valley… The grave of the Holy Saint? But it might be some random Aouine King.]

Brendel’s brows furrowed a little.

[The Evergreen Winter Tree points to the northwest… Aouine doesn’t seem to have this variety of tree, does this mean it’s a metaphor for something? Or a noble’s symbol? The meaning of the Evergreen Winter Tree means saintly, but there are numerous Houses in Aouine that have the symbol of the Evergreen Winter Tree leaves. As for the remaining two sentences… I don’t have a clue at all.]

Ebdon intentionally gave Brendel time, once it saw that Brendel was looking at him again, he continued speaking: “The two-faced statue did not speak or utter, has it forgotten the Holy Oath? The emerald lake in the pure white mountain, lies a sword amongst swords buried in rocks.”

“Hold on!” Brendel suddenly interrupted Ebdon. He suddenly felt a strange excitement within him.

[Sword amongst swords?! The genuine Lion Heart? That’s the sword of that was passed down generation to generation from Aouine’s first king, ‘The Kind Erik’.]

The Lion Heart was the symbol of the Lion Dynasty, as well as one of the four Kirrlutz’s holy weapon. When Erik brought it out from the Kirrlutz Empire, it became Aouine’s royal family symbol. But hardly anyone knew the real Lion Heart had been lost in Aouine’s internal civil war a long time ago. The kings who passed down this sword from that point onwards is nothing more than a fake. There were very few people who knew this secret, and there was most likely going to be chaos if this secret ever got revealed.

Brendel only knew about this after Aouine’s demise happened.

[If Ebdon is really speaking about the true Lion Heart, then the later half of the riddle makes sense. The Holy Oath probably referred to Erik’s Oath as a Holy Saint Knight, to rebel and lead the Empire’s citizens away from the arrogant and greedy nobles. He had made a strong rebellion, and that was where the ‘Kind’ word came from when he fought for the citizens. But the other stuff about the lake, mountain and rock… I don’t get it.]

The lore within the game stated that the kingdom was strongly tied to the Lion Heart, and it appeared to be true. Ever since Aouine lost the real sword, each generation was weaker than the previous one, until Aouine finally perished. But Brendel did not believe in this saying, a kingdom’s demise could hardly be attributed to a single sword, no matter how legendary it was. To him, it sounded like an excuse to push away the responsibility.

But even so, he was curious over why the sword was so amazing to the point where it was circulated with by poets and bards.

[Based on the speculation of the forums… This weapon is at least a level 60 weapon with a Fantasy-ranked rating.] (TL: Fantasy-rank is one tier above Thorn of Light.)

So he blurted out to ask: “What’s the emerald lake?”





But Ebdon unexpectedly shook his head: “I don’t know either. Sometimes when I think about my past, I would frequently recall these words, and there is even a divine oath that’s still binding me. But I don’t know where my memories come from and why it continues to haunt me.”

“Not every undead likes their memories.” Brendel replied. He suddenly felt that Ebdon was someone more important in its former life. At least in his memories, Ebdon did not have any ties to the royal family.

“I know that I’m more unique compared to the other undead.” Ebdon rubbed the helmet on his head. “The undead that live in the shadows are intelligent, but I’m different compared to them and I don’t trust them with this secret. But when I see you, young man, I somehow feel that you can unravel this riddle.”

Brendel did not answer Ebdon. He felt that it was telling the truth, but he did not trust it easily.

[…The two-faced statue did not speak or utter? The Saint Statue in Randner? But if that’s the true identity of the riddle, it’s going to be quite a hassle. To make it speak I need the Sage Slate… But the nearest Sage Slate is in Bruglas that’s half a month’s journey. The black market rate for that is 500,000 Tol coins. That’s quite a large sum of money… But should I be thankful that this side mission intersects with the thing I’m about to do next?]

Brendel started to calculate the days he had to execute his next plan in his mind quickly and found that he did not have much time.

He straightened up on his horse and said: “Is that all you have to say?”

Ebdon nodded: “I still have one more request.”

“Speak.”

Brendel looked around. The mercenaries appeared to be ready to move off any time. The battle in the valley had ended.

Ebdon took off the emblem on his chest. “I wish to die like a real knight. I wish that my armor and sword to accompany me in my eternal sleep. This is called the Lion Emblem— It contains powerful magic in it, but it has no meaning to me now. I want to entrust this along with my waist pouch. The things in them might prove to be useful to you.”

Brendel knew that he could forcefully take the White Fang away, and he had planned to give the sword to Freya, but when he looked at Ebdon, he still nodded.

The two of them knew that such promises meant nothing to an undead and a living person, but Ebdon had told him this much because he trusted in him. Based on this, Brendel could not find the heart to betray him.

But.

Ebdon must be killed here. The refugees will not agree to have a high-ranking undead general to accompany them—

Brendel received the emblem and looked at it with the system activated. The brass emblem was fashioned into a lion’s head.

[The Lion Emblem, Collision Aura + 1?! It’s a skill emblem!]

Brendel nearly dropped the emblem with his fumbling fingers. The skill ‘Collision Aura’ was a core skill of the Templar Knights. The highest level that could be reached was level 29, while non-related professions could only learn up to level 10. The first level gave +1 to defence, while each incremental level before level 10 was +0.5. With level 10-20, each level added +1 to defence, and after level 20, each incremental level was stacked.

This meant that level 21 would add +2 in defence, level 22 would add +3 in defence, level 23 would add +4 in defence.





[If I reach level 29 and gain +10 defence on that level, then having this ring would add +11 in defence! That’s as crazy as having three full plates worth of defense!]

When Brendel saw this emblem he immediately decided to become a Paladin which could similarly learn Collision Aura to the highest level. In addition to the ring, there was another full-plate and shield that added +1 ‘Collision Aura’ each. With the combination of everything, he could gain + 36 defense.

[That’s like a portable fortress, heck, even the soldiers around me within 60 feet is equivalent to a tank. What kind of prowess would the cavalry have if I lead the charge?]

Brendel suddenly recalled that Ebdon was Madara’s vanguard in the game. In the later part of the game, it had the highest defense amongst the four riders.

[As expected as the Conqueror Ebdon… No wonder they called him that.]

Even though his mind was flooded with emotions and excitement, his expression did not change. After days of experiencing life and death, Brendel felt he was becoming more mature than before. If he got this in the game he would have probably done a naked dance to celebrate the event.

He kept the emblem and looked at Ebdon’s pouch. But he quickly found that his collection was not abundant. There were some low grade materials, while the most valuable material was some metal bits to make a full plate.

[Hmm. Looks like Ebdon also understands the power from this emblem. He had already started to plan to go in that direction.]

Brendel attached the pouch to his belt and looked at Ebdon again.

“Do you have any other requests?”

Ebdon shook his head. “Please do it.”

Brendel knew that it was a disgraceful thing to die alone in this battlefield. A knight’s death should at least in his enemies’ ahnds in a battlefield, to send him into eternal rest. He could at least do this much.

Ciel pulled out his sword and walked up to Ebdon, but Brendel stopped him.

Brendel pulled out his own sword with much difficulty and exchanged glances with Ebdon. He rode up to him and thrust his sword into the opponent’s chest.

Ebdon broke into a smile as the flames in his flared up.

“Young man, I told you these secrets because I am still ‘Ebdon’ from Madara. I should thank you for releasing me.”

The undead knight gave a final sigh: “But at the same time, I have to die as a noble undead. The undying Madara represents unyielding flames, it’s just that I did not expect to lose…..”





The Soul Fire within its eyes finally extinguished.

The ‘White Rider’ Ebdon was finally gone, and Brendel understood there would not be any Madara’s four vanguards any more from this point forth. He looked quietly at the remains before countless silver particles rose from its corpse and integrated into his body. This was something that he had not experienced before as a warm energy went into his entire body.

[This seems to be pure soul energy… Well, if I’m going by the system, that’s 1300 XP. The combined XP from killing the enemies from previous battles is nearly 2000. It’s more than enough to level up and make things easier for the upcoming battles… but that’s not a good idea as it will interfere with my plans for the future…]

He raised his head up and looked at the sky. The clouds have already disappeared, and he could see a cross-shaped constellation in the sky.

[The constellation of the King of Knights.]

He took out the statue in his pouch and raised it up. The elegant deer reappeared on the mountain’s edge, before it turned around and disappeared to the northeast direction.

He suddenly spotted Leto riding up to him.

“We have discovered a lot of ghouls to the sides of this mountain……” Leto lowered his voice and whispered.

“Understood, we’re still on track in regards to timing.” Brendel answered with the same calmness. “Get the refugees to make a move now. We won’t have enough time to waste on exchanging words right now.”



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 25




TL: Unedited



Chapter 25 – Home of the fairies

——————-Princess POV———————-

“This person is certainly audacious to call himself a member of the royal family.”

The princess lightly placed her fringe of silver hair to the back of her pointed ears with her fingers, then took the porcelain teacup and gently sipped from it, smiling.

“The king slumbers within the valley when the twin moons can be seen— What do you think of the riddle, Lord Oberbeck?” She mused for a while before asking.

“The majority of the noble families in our kingdom have their own secrets, and this is an undeniable fact. But Ebdon mentioned about the oath to the royal family. It’s likely that the treasure has to something to do with the royal family.” Oberbeck replied.

“I think it goes slightly more complicated than that, Lord Oberbeck. The Holy Oath might have something to do with the first king, Erik.”





Oberbeck nodded. “The emerald lake in the pure white mountain — There are stories that the place is where a Saint took his eternal rest.”

“I see. May I know how it came about?”

“The fishermen in the region frequently stated that they saw the Knight of the Lake in the mist. He guards the Lake of the Goddess, located in the central island, and white boulders could be spotted within the island. That is perhaps the mountain to the riddle.”

“Thank you for the explanation, Lord Oberbeck. Do you have any idea what the two-faced statue means?”

“I’m afraid I have no idea what is that, my lady.”

“That’s true. A mysterious treasure like this is most likely unknown to everyone. It’s certainly a very interesting aspect in the stories about knights.”

She covered her lips and laughed: “I must have made you laugh for my childish behavior.”

“Not at all, my lady. I too wonder about the identity of this former Ebdon. As far as I know there isn’t a royal knight named Ebdon.”

“Perhaps his former name was something else.”

“Indeed, that’s my guess as well.”

The half-elf princess did not look at the middle-aged man, but she guessed that he must have done a careful investigation.

[Oberbeck seemed to be highly impressed with that young man… He must have reported to Father about this matter as well, but what exactly was he impressed about? Personal strength? It’s certainly a factor, but the most likely reason is the power behind that youth.]

The princess stroked her chin.

[Are the Highland knights so important? This kingdom needs a new power so that it could revitalize itself, but the Highland Knights, militia, or a new formal army are unlikely to be able to achieve that purpose. That young man…?]

She shook her head.

[No, that’s not possib– Wait… Am I jealous?]

For some reason she felt a little threatened by him and was slightly stunned when she thought about the issue. She shook her head again.





“My lady?” Oberbeck noticed her strange actions.

“Ah, I apologize. Please continue the events.”

Oberbeck cast a strange look at her as he nodded.

——————— Brendel POV —————-

The first moon had set in the west, while the second moon was still in the middle of the sky.

Fog had started to appear in the fir forest, bringing a frosty nip to everyone. Brendel looked down from the horse, confirming that the white deer had started to bring them into the lower grounds in the east.

A few minutes ago, Leto had came up to him to report the zombie army had stopped chasing their tracks.

[Looks like they discovered that Ebdon’s forces are gone. Medes has most likely called back his forces as a precaution.]

The valley was silent.

Two grand statues over thirty meters tall suddenly could be seen from the fog. Everyone except Brendel raised their heads up and stared in wonder at them without saying anything for a long time.

They did not think that there would be such a place after crossing the remote valley. They felt like they had caught a glimpse of history from a thousand years ago, and they felt a strange solemn feeling growing from their heart.

The statues had long robes and layered armor pieces, with war dresses attached beneath the plated armor. The helmet was of Elven-make as the two sides of it were of a winged design. One hand held a long lance, the other held a gigantic shield. Their gazes were peering into the distance.

They were recognized as the Holy Warriors from the Golden Races, where they fought against the Twilight Dragon in the Era of Darkness, until they finally rescued the continent from its grasp.

The statues represented the guardians of all sentient beings.

As they passed beneath the statues’ feet, they felt rejuvenated, as if all fatigue and dirt had been washed away.

Many people even stopped to check if they was somehow in an illusion.

Brendel did not tell them that this was Vaunte’s strongest protective barrier ‘The tenth Percept’. Its effects were very distinct on the people who gained their strength from darkness. A normal human being would enjoy the restoration of strength and purification when they passed through the barrier, but an undead would immediately be turned from extremely evil into extremely righteous if they managed to survive the statues’ test.

But that was exceedingly unlikely, as even Madara’s any of the 24 eternal undead lords would most likely be turned into dust.

Once they passed through under the statues and into the valley’s entrance, they found that the inner valley was becoming broader and broader, till the point it became an area of flat land. White fog surrounded both sides of the area and one could not see the edges.

There seemed to be some form of living spirit that was made up of white smoke, sometimes forming into an angel flying in the sky, or a fearsome gryphon, or a knight on a tall horse, but they disappeared within the blink of an eye.

No one dared to stray too far from Brendel’s side. The refugees had stopped talking long ago and merely kept watching at the ever-changing environment.

Freya who was in the rear felt things were becoming more and more surreal. This place looked like it was somewhere that a common man would not understand, but Brendel did not appear surprised or excited. She started to fret again after realizing that he was someone who was as mysterious as this place was. Even though she had constantly fought beside him, she felt that she could not follow his footsteps as she was just a normal girl.





She frowned and look at Romaine.

[Romaine’s aunt has her own secret ways and Romaine… Maybe someone like her is more suited for Brendel… They are the type after all…]

Freya became more and more upset as she thought about it, and in the end hung her head down and rode behind alone, far away from the rest.

Brendel did not notice anything unusual as he was handling Romaine’s strange questions.

“What’s this place Brendel?”

“Didn’t I tell you earlier? This place is the where the grave of the Holy Saint is.”

“But you didn’t mention where the grave is just now.”

Brendel’s headache grew a little. He turned his around to look for some help and saw Ciel with a serious expression.

[… Yeah right. He’s not going to be reliable at this moment. Urgh, never mind.]

He looked at Romaine again. She was filthy all over with mud as she sat proudly on the horse.

[This was something that can’t be helped… If she hadn’t stole a horse to learn how to ride on it, she wouldn’t become so dirty.]

When Brendel knew that this event happened a while ago, he was really scared as she might fallen and broke something. But when he ran up to her, he found that she had tied a robe to herself to the horse’s back firmly, running about with a puffed up chest.

He obviously pinched her ear and lectured her for a long time about the things that she could and could not do.

“The Grave of the Holy Saint is where the ancient kings and sages take their eternal rest. They used their spirits to make a new border, and named as the ‘Kingdom of Sanctuary’. where all their citizens would be blessed while any invaders would be trapped within forever.”

“Does that mean they are many places like this?” Romaine tilted her body towards the horse and looked at Brendel from the side.

“Naturally.”

Brendel took a deep breath to enjoy the air within this valley, and nearly choked with eyebrows nearly bundled together.

[This damn girl needs to go for a bath straight away after we’re out from danger. I can’t believe she can tolerate herself to be so dirty… Sometimes I really want to look inside her brain and what’s going on inside—]

“Are they all called Grave of the Holy Saint?”

The conversation between Romaine and Brendel had drawn the people around them a little closer. This place was filled with wonder and they wanted to listen to the youth’s explanation. The mercenaries were a little curious as to how Brendel know about it. Some of the more experienced members in their group had seen more than the common noble, but even so, they had never heard of the phrases that he explained to Romaine.





[I heard that this young man is a Highland Knight, but are they really so mysterious?]

Not only were the mercenaries puzzled, even Ciel felt a little strange. Even as a wizard’s apprentice, his knowledge regarding about this was limited. Even in the Black Tower, there were hardly a few wizards who are proficient in this matter, and certainly no more than five people.

[Where exactly does my master learn about all this information?]

Ciel did not voice out his questions. Anyone who was able to use the Cards of Fate was not someone simple.

Brendel shook his head when he heard Romaine’s question.

“They have their own names. Each grave has something to related with the person residing in it. This place which is filled with a strange fog that never seems to end, based on my knowledge, is called the ‘Home of the Fairies’…..”

“Home of the Fairies?”

“The King of Knights is one of the eleven ancient kings, a guardian of the human race even before the King of Flames, Gatel. The King of Knights made a promise with the Fairy Queen, and the queen allowed him to eat the Golden Apple to become king. After he died, his soul would return to this land and sleep there forever, and continue to uphold the promise—”

“This land is where chaos started. Time stops here during the night, and only when dawn breaks would time move again. Legend depicts that there is a Golden Apple Tree here in the center of the valley, where the Fairy Queen lives. If any common man sees her that she does not approve of, they will never be able to leave.”

A moment of silence happened, and Brendel turned his head to see why Romaine was quiet. She was looking at him with clear eyes.

“The Golden Apple?”

“What did you remember from the things I said? Only three words? The Golden Apple?” Brendel’s mood turned sour as he realized that Romaine did not pay attention.

Romaine nodded earnestly.

“Alright, I’m not going to talk about this anymore.” He was almost at a loss for words, but when he was preparing to lecture her about logic and reasoning, he suddenly stopped moving and looked to another direction.

Everyone turned their heads along with him to look at what Brendel was looking at.

A solitary tree in the distance.

[What… is that?]

Brendel was stunned.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 26




TL: Unedited



TL: Good news and bad news. Good news, lecturer has give the thumbs up to draw a full illustration of the concepts and I finished my other stuff early, so I can TL it.

Bad news, the level of complexity of the designs is enough to make my head spin, and I might need to stop TLing my series for 1 week to meet the deadline. Anyway, I’ll see how it goes.

The next update will be tomorrow.

Chapter 26 – The golden mystery

Everyone who heard Brendel describing the Golden Apple Tree paused for a moment when they saw the lone tree in the distance. The mercenaries who overheard about the part where no mortal could leave when they saw fairy queen, shivered in fright when they linked the tree to Brendel’s story.

They immediately kept their glances to a minimal, afraid of being trapped here forever. They had just escaped from Madara’s undead with much difficulty to survive, but they did not have any intention to stay here forever.

But Brendel did not care about the fairy tale at all. He had searched the entire valley along with all the other players in the game. It was certainly mysterious for the residents that lived here, but in the game there was nothing but a desolate land and fog, not even an animal.





There was no monsters, no treasure, no living creatures. The legendary fairy queen in the lore spread about only through the mouths of the NPCs, and no player has ever seen her.

And that was why it shook him to the core when he saw the tree. He was more than certain that there was nothing like that in the game.

[The way how we got into the valley had not changed at all, and the scenery matched my memories. There was nothing in particular that’s worth noticing either in the day or night… But there’s something that has changed here. Timing differences…? Unlikely… Was there a mission about this? I don’t think so…]

Brendel rubbed his forehead.

[Then… this reality is different from the game? Or someone carefully hid his experience within the game because it’s a one-time mission? The latter seems like a better fit, but how did he get all the secrets in this area? Is it triggered by the number of times one enters the valley?]

Brendel clenched and unclenched his fist.

[Let me think… The first player discovered this area… announced the information excitedly in the forums… then there was some form of NPC confirmation that a knight had gone to that area after the player found that area…. And then another player from a guild confirmed the rumors shortly after that… I feel like I’m forgetting something important.]

Brendel was uncertain about this unforeseen event, as it meant that there could be something that was beyond his calculations. Yet his heart was racing from this unknown event, especially when this secret mission was something that had never been discovered before.

[The rewards must be off the charts since it involves ancient lore!]

He quickly made up his mind and made a gesture to let the mercenaries to get the refugees to stop marching. Time was slowed down in this place, and three full days here was equivalent to a single night outside this area. They could stop and eat, explore the entire valley and not take more than a single day.

He saw Leto looking at him in a puzzled manner. Brendel pointed at the tree and said

“I feel there’s something wrong and I want to check it out.”

“Do you need my help?” Leto might have been a veteran soldier that participated in the November War, but he was ignorant in the ways of the mysterious lore.

Brendel shook his head.





Brendel did require some help, but he did not trust the mercenaries. This was something that possibly concerned legendary treasures, and he did not wish to share it with them. He looked at Ciel whom he trusted the most, but he had nearly spent all his mana points in the battle earlier, and he was just slightly stronger than a normal person.

He looked at Romaine next. She did not fit the requirement either. Even though she had strong perception, but her overall strength was too weak and insufficient for her to take on such a risky mission.

Romaine looked at him and blinked innocently.

[There’s really no need to try and get all puppy-eyes at me… I’m not bringing you.]

He turned his head around and found Freya in an inattentive mood.

“Freya?”

“Hah? Ah!” She looked him in a moment of confusion before she blushed.

“What’s wrong?” Brendel was confused by her actions as well. He knew her to be one who had her own opinions on the current situation, but ever since she entered the valley she acted strangely.

He even thought she might have been swapped by some Madara’s undead, if not for the Thorn of Light which did not react at all.

“N-nothing, What do you need, Brendel?” She was thinking about the tasteless request that he had a while ago, and she was afraid that he might be able to see through her thoughts.

“I’m going to take a look at the tree in front, come along with me.”

Freya paused for a while before nodding vigorously: “S-sure.”

“I want to go too.” Romaine started twisting her body left and right in protest.

“Just stay here without doing anything else. If you want to learn riding so much, I’ll let Ciel teach you. If I find that you’re still bound to your horse later, I’ll drag you over and tie you to my horse’s back.” Brendel replied spitefully as he threw a glance at her.

“But I am unable to learn it.” Romaine simply answered without thinking.

He shook his head: “That’s fine since there’s a lot of time. It’s very easy to ride a horse, and if you can’t ride one you can’t go on adventures with me.”

“That’s no problem at all. I’ll tie myself to the horse’s back without any problems. I don’t feel that it’s uncomfortable.”

“It matters a lot, and it has nothing to do with how you feel.” He glared at her for a while, before ignoring her whining.

He instructed Leto on the things to note and brought along a crossbow, before calling out to Freya to set off.

Brendel had searched this path before along with numerous other players. As he rode towards the tree, he finally confirmed that the area here was definitely different from what had happened in the game. He kept circling the boulders nearby, before Freya finally called out to him to ask: “Brendel, what exactly are you looking at?”

“I’m looking for the entrance.” Brendel kept turning the horse round and round to look at the chaotic white boulders. Finally he seemed to have discovered something and jumped down from the horse, and walked towards the center of the boulder.





“Entrance?” Freya also followed him and jumped down from the horse.

“Yes. It’s right here, follow me-” Brendel replied as he pulled out the Elven sword and walked through a small gap between two boulders.

[‘Fate’s fork’. The game’s indicator stated this in the journal, but nothing is showing up in my retina right now. There’s a iron box behind these rocks which contain a rock slate necessary for the unique area.]

He kept thinking about this event when a sudden blast of wind came at him. He was considerably careful in searching, and before he was able to think about it, his body had already made the decision for him to retreat. He knocked Freya down as a golden arrow aimed at his former postion where his nose was.

The two of them fell backwards, but Brendel looked at the shooter’s direction at the last moment and spotted a golden figure disappearing behind the boulders.

[Shit… I’m lucky my reactions are fast enough, because I really didn’t spot where the attacker attacked from just now.]

“Who’s there!” Brendel had subconsciously pushed himself up from the ground to chase the attacker, but when he pushed himself up with his hand, he immediately felt there was much softness in his grasp. When he finally found out what it was, his mind was a blank.

[…………. Seriously?]

He turned his head back and indeed discovered that his hand was placed squarely into an undesirable spot on the girl’s chest. Freya was staring at him with her clear light brown eyes, and she did not know what to say for quite some time.

But she finally reacted and pushed him to one side, before scrambling to her feet and kept quiet.

He also regained his senses and pretended to look for that golden figure, but there was nothing there at all.

“I’m, err, sorry……” He thought for a very long time, but only managed to squeeze out a dry apology.

“Err, mmm, who was that just now?” Freya’s face was flushed with blood.

“I’m not sure. I saw a golden figure, but fairies don’t appear like that, but more like they are creatures that are summoned.” Brendel’s mind worked furiously and his thoughts were cleared up.

“A-are you fine?” The girl’s voice was incredibly soft.

Brendel looked at her and hook his head. He had been trying to look for a golden arrow, but there was nothing but a deep hole in the boulder’s wall.

[Arrow of Light?]

Brendel’s brow furrowed.

[That’s from a high grade weapon… This is not an illusion, but judging from the opponent’s speed, he’s not as powerful as Ebdon. As long as I sustain my vigilance I’ll be fine.]

Brendel had confirmed his current strength when he fought against Ebdon. If he went all out, he would barely be at the level of a Silver-ranked fighter, and any enemy below that was not much of a trouble to him.

After checking the area, Brendel gestured to Freya for her to be on the alert, while he gripped the Elven sword tightly and slowly advanced.

[The enemy escaped to the north. That area is where the ‘Fate’s fork’ is at. Does that mean he came from that place? But I have never heard of someone being attacked in the game.]

He immediately spotted an iron box in a stone platform as he reached around the bend. Anyone with a level higher than a Gold-rank was able to destroy the box, but it was a meaningless action as the box would be restored the next night.





Brendel looked around his surroundings. He did not trust his memories entirely now. This enemy had proven that events that did not appear in the game, happened here. Not only was there some mysterious living entity, he looked like he was an enemy.

After confirming there was no one around, he opened the box. But when he did so, he was completely stunned.

There was a pair of earring beside a rock slate.

[What… is this?]

He hesitated. He was now afraid that there was a magic trap in the box. Again, there was nothing like that in the game, but he did not want to take a risk. He did a simple test by allowing the Elven sword to go near the box. Typically there was a simple defensive measure for magic traps that worked sometimes.

There was no such reaction.

He then took the ring and glanced at it, before throwing back into the box like it scalded him.

[Ring of Infinite Ice, +2 to knowledge, +1 to will]

Brendel cried in pain and clasped his head with both his hands. An explosive pain went through his mind like a thousand needles had stabbed it.

“Brendel?” Freya jumped in fright and she immediately went over to support him.

“I’m fine, be careful of the surroundings.” Brendel gasped for breath as he he took the box with one hand. He cursed the person who put the ring into the box.

[Damn it. Who’s the bloody moron who put in this 95oz equipment into this box… That was pure magic recoil because my level is too low. This area is still a beginner’s area, and even the max level of any enemy would not be over fifty, but this ring is at least level seventy and above.]

Brendel had used his ‘Will’ to investigate the ring, and caused a strong backlash to his mind. The pain subsided after a while, and Brendel started to think about the events again.

[… I see. So that is why I felt that things are strange. What if this is an event that was impossible for any players to get? Rather than thinking that the NPC knight in the game came second after the first player who discovered it, the NPC was the first to discover this. That’s because the players started to investigate the veracity of the first player’s claim and discovered the rumors about the NPC discovering this area.]

Brendel stared at the ring.

[A hidden quest beyond level seventy? Try and aim for it? Or retreat right away? The risk is crazy, but the rewards are just as impressive. I completed 3 such quests in the game last time, and I got a ‘Fantasy’ ranked weapon, an intermediate secret skill, as well as a billion Tor coins. Because of these three quests, I managed to get into the upper echelons. But… level seventy? Just any level seventy enemy would be enough to kill me outright just by looking at me.]

Brendel’s heart raced.

[But there’s another problem. If I wait till three months later, the secret mission here might be gone. The timing around that time is when the first player discovered this area, so…… what should I do?]

The youth took in a deep breath and looked at Freya.

“Brendel?” She found that there was a strange look in his eyes, and she asked him in trepidation.

“If I am going to choose to risk my life, would you follow me?” Brendel found his voice was hoarse.

“… I would, but I wouldn’t want you to risk it.” Freya thought carefully for a moment before answering.

Brendel took in her words and nodded, letting out a long sigh.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 27




Two pokemon appears, kek.



Chapter 27 – Knowing when to call it quits

Once Brendel heard Freya’s words, he immediately calmed down. He had cleared three secret quests and knew even more of such secret quests that were of equivalent level.

[There is absolutely no need for me to take on such a risk. When I fought against Ebdon, I literally used everything I had to defeat him. Fighting against anything that is above level seventy is completely suicidal. Furthermore, the first player who found this place did so three months later. Madara’s undead forces will retreat in approximately one or two months later, and they most likely won’t search this area because of the protective barrier. If I truly want to aim for this secret quest, I can try doing so later on, especially when my level is higher.]

He took the ring and kept it stashed away and patted the Freya’s shoulder: “Let’s go back.”

“Brendel?”

“There are plenty of chances to take such risks, but we only have a single life each,” Brendel smiled mockingly at himself: “You are completely right. There are problems with my attitude just now.”

[The First War of the Black Rose ends at the end of July, Aouine’s internal strife shows itself during September, and finally there’s a political shift in November. I have only five months to raise my levels as much as possible, but I’m obviously going too fast for considering what I did just now.]

Brendel wanted to gain enough strength to at least protect the people around him, even if he was unable to change the history was about to take place. He knew that the world would descend into utter chaos, and things like justice and logic would be destroyed by the wars ahead. In order to survive in the chaotic world ahead, he had to do ridiculous tasks in order to become stronger.

Romaine and Freya might not be able to understand, and even Ciel who followed him might not be able to understand either. Sometimes Brendel felt the feeling of frustration was even stronger in him because he knew he was powerless to stop the events that came along.

He sheathed his sword and walked towards the exit, and indicated to Freya to follow him.

When the two left the area, two person slowly walked out from the dark gaps between the rocks.

The taller person looked like she was female. She dressed in a strange robe that was white in color, with her sleeves, shoulders and chest area decorated with blue sigils. The upper dress fit tightly to her waist, but the sleeves and pants were uniquely wide. She had long silver hair and her eyes seemed like the deepest lake that was dark green in color. There were crimson patterns on her face, but she did not have any expressions.

“Rauze, are you not going to stop them from leaving?” Her voice was completely neutral and boring.

“Phoral, if you keep showing off your aggressive nature by showing off your claws and teeth, it won’t be fun anymore.” The reply that came back seemed to be full of excitement.

The shorter girl appeared like she was approximately fifteen years old. Her long golden hair was tied into twin ponytails, and she wore a traditional leather attire like many other adventurers. On her back was a heavy iron box that was taller than a human, with a constellation design that linked five different stars together.

Phoral thought for a while.

“Then why did you attack them?”

“Tsk. You’re really boring, I’m just testing them.”

“I see. I was wondering if the Principality of Gold had something wrong when your attack was less than two percent effective—”

“I really don’t want to marry a person as boring as you…”

“Rauze, we’re from the dragon race.”

“‘Person’ is just an analogy, bleah, I don’t wanna talk about this anymore. That human male actually took away your ring. Doesn’t he know what this means?” (TL: Dun dun dunnnnn, it’s a trap?)

She giggled as she spoke. Phoral looked at her without answering. (TL: Sorry, I couldn’t resist that pun. Don’t ask me about their identities, I really have no idea who they are.)

“Tsk. You’re really a boring fellow. But I really want to see his expressions when he sees the little present I gave him. I heard that humans are really greedy creatures.”

“Didn’t you came here to find the legend of the Golden Apple Tree? Why did you give away that item to them?”

“Hahhh…. The legend about the Golden Apple Tree isn’t as interesting as these small creatures fighting for their lives, ya know? I decided to give this adventure to them because of that reason. Also, I find that human male kinda familiar, he might be related to the King of Knights or something.”

Phoral stared at her: “Do you know the King of Knights?”

She immediately coughed: “That’s just an expression, expression!”

“What exactly are you scheming?”

“Ha ha ha… Just a simple test…”

Rauze started giggling again. Phoral’s brows furrowed.

When Leto saw Brendel and Freya returning to the camp, the mercenaries had already settled the refugees and started cooking a meal. The fire that was started in the foggy valley seemed to add some vitality into the empty land.

The mercenaries and militia were completely exhausted after the series of battles in the night. When Brendel rode back, he discovered that most of them were sleeping. However, some of the refugees volunteered to be cooks and roused the people who defended up when the meal was cooked, personally handing them the hot food..

Brendel appreciated the scene before him.

[The future can be changed. The people I rescued today can rescue even more people in the future, and bit by bit we can write a new history. Even though I’m still weak right now, I’m definitely becoming stronger.]

Leto approached and greeted him, asking him in a quiet voice if he wanted to set off immediately. Brendel looked around him and found Ciel and Sue sleeping deeply on a wooden box. He then took another look at the refugees and mercenaries, discovering that the entire camp was mostly quiet.

He thought for a while and shook his head. His plan was already half completed and there was no need to push the people here too hard. They could still pull ahead of the Madara’s ahead even if they slept for a while due to the time dilation in this area.

The exit in the north valley was very close to the River of Sharp rocks, and reaching there meant that victory was nearly at hand.

“Have you slept, Mister Leto?” Brendel asked.

“Don’t worry, my lord. I’m a mercenary. We’re very much capable of taking care of ourselves in a situation like this.” Leto patted his chest and laughed.

Brendel nodded.

“Then Freya, go ahead and sleep for a while.” He turned around and looked at the girl who had not slept for several days. Even though this place restored the body’s physical strength, it was unable to restore mental fatigue.

She shook her head immediately. “Don’t worry, I can still go on.”

“This is an order.”

“I, I…..”

She glared at him.

[Did I say I’m going to obey your orders?! I’m the militia captain right!] She growled in her head, but every time she thought of the youth’s elegance in leading everyone to safety, his words felt like they were naturally right, and in the end she could only lower her head and nod.

“I… I got it.”

Brendel obviously did not know the mental anguish going on in her head, but merely watched her leave with his eyes on her to make sure she went to rest. Finally, he turned his head around and asked Leto: “Ah, I want to ask where’s Romaine now.”

“I just saw Miss Romaine riding with the cavalry.” Leto looked at the squadron in front as he spoke. His expression appeared like he had just witnessed something unbelievable.

“Riding with the cavalry?” Brendel did not notice Leto’s expressions, but merely repeat his words in a troubled manner.

[This crazy lass went around the place by tying herself to the horse again? Looks like she has forgotten some of the punishments that I administered a while ago…]

But before he decided to grind his fists into her head again, he heard a voice calling out to him. “Brendel, hey, you’re back?”

Anyone could tell it was the lass with her distinctive voice.

When he turned around, he saw that she was riding proudly on the horse in front of him.

“W-when did you learn how to ride?” Brendel was really surprised when he took a closer look at her. He was able to learn it instantly with the help of the game’s AI system, but Romaine obviously did not have something like that.

“Because I’m one hundred percent merchant material!” Romaine stopped her horse in front of him and answered haughtily.

“What does this have anything to do with a merchant?”

“Eh? It has nothing to do with it?” Romaine’s eyes went wild with surprise. “But don’t all merchants know how to ride a horse?”

“Ah, Miss Romaine, I have to say this, but the majority of the merchants don’t know how to ride a horse.” Leto aided Brendel in his straight retort.

Romaine’s dainty eyebrows nearly bunched up together: “I-is that so? Well, there’s no problem at all since I’m one of the better merchants, right Brendel?”

“Yeah, sure.” Brendel’s reply was half-hearted. He thought that it was heaven’s way of compensating for a natural scatterbrain. He eyed her with her exasperation, dismounted and said: “Okay, little Romaine, since you’re so free, accompany me to walk around the camp.”

“Sure.” She looked quite excited.

“Do you need me to go along, my lord?” Leto asked patiently.

Brendel nearly coughed up blood.

[Nice going, mister. Do you really need to try so hard to be a third wheel?]

But Leto had asked out of good intentions and Brendel could only agree in a gloomy nod.

Suddenly Brendel felt a strange shift in the bag on his waist and he froze momentarily. He opened it to check and his expression immediately changed. He blinked and thought that he had seen something wrongly, so he closed the bag, then opened it again.

He still thought he was hallucinating.

Why would he have this object in his bag?



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 28




TL: The best mercenary group name ever yet. Probably.

Chapter 28 – The end of the tale

—————– Princess POV —————

The princess with silver hair did not speak for a long time after the story ended. She supported her chin with her fingers and looked at the sunset outside the giant arched window. It was nearly night time.

“So what is the ending of this tale, Lord Oberbeck?” She asked.

“Isn’t the ending apparent enough, my lady? It ends with me finishing narrating the tale to the princess here.”

“You could put it that way, Lord Oberbeck, but you have not told me the most interesting thing.” The princess asked with interest.

“Oh?”

“You said ‘he got something good out of it over the journey”, but I have not heard anything of that description from the beginning of the tale, Lord Oberbeck.”





“Is that right, my lady, but this old minister here recalled clearly that he had described it perfectly.” Lord Oberbeck laughed heartily as he faked surprise.

“You mean the emblem that Ebdon gave him? It’s nothing more than a magic emblem only right? I think with Lord Oberbeck’s experience in magical artifacts, you wouldn’t be interested in that.” (TL: Given that Brendel can actually decide his entire profession on this trinklet… Or how Ebdon was Madara’s top ranking vanguard, heh.)

“No, no, of course not. My lady, why not think about it a little more?”

She tapped on her chin and considered for a while.

“Then it has to be something from the Valley of the Saint. I believe there’s a portion where you gave little description as to what happened.”

“You are certainly wise, my lady.” Oberbeck praised her from the bottom of his heart. “But I did not intentionally left out anything. At that moment, I felt two powerful presence hiding nearby and I did not dare to approach any closer. I wanted to warn them of the danger, but I discovered them too late.”

“Oh? Even though Lord Oberbeck is not known for your skill in the sword, but I recall that you’re at least a Gold-ranked fighter. There was actually someone who was actually strong enough to stop you from approaching them?”

“Unfortunately so. However, it looked like they did not want anyone to discover them, and merely gave a warning to stop the two from advancing any further.” Oberbeck replied with some fear in his heart.

“Then that youth must have gotten something from there. Ah, Lord Oberbeck, you did not tell me what he saw when he opened his bag.”

Lord Oberbeck checked his surroundings and mouthed the words out. The princess’s expressions changed a little. “That thing really exists?”

Oberbeck nodded: “I have heard of this item in legends, and I was just as surprise as my lady. It is unfortunate because once the item has gone through a mortal’s hand, it would not beloing to another.”

“I see. It is a little regrettable, as it might change my brother’s personality. For a kingdom like Aouine, he is a little too soft.” She looked at him: “Otherwise Lord Oberbeck would have made an attempt to steal it, right?”

Oberbeck did not deny it. “That wouldn’t change even if he is a friend of Lord Everton’s daughter.”

“I’m afraid that their relationship might not be as simple as friends only.” The princess chuckled.

Lord Oberbeck knew that she was reminding him not to use her.

[It is true that I considered using the king’s only daughter to get to this Highland Knight. But it seems like she’s resistant to that idea. Still, she’s a daughter of the crown and has to get married someday. That youth could actually be considered as a good candidate, and he is definitely much better than the majority of the noble youths that I have seen.]

He bowed: “My lady, since the story has ended and the the day grows shorter, please allow this old minister to leave.”

“Feel free to do so, Lord Oberbeck. I would still like to sit here in peace for a while.”

He tried to stifle the smile that was forming as he looked at her. He knew that she was trying to avoid her history teacher, and he might even be complaining to the king right now.





“Avoiding the issue is not a good plan, my lady.” He tried to remind her in a small voice.

The princess smiled with a sly look in her eyes. “But it is still a plan.”

Lord Oberbeck took his leave and closed the door after saying his goodbyes—

The princess stood up and went to the window to look at the scenery outside.

[What happened after that?]

———————- Brendel’s POV —————-

There was a wind that started in the forest.

The trees swayed against the constant bursts of winds like a watter current. The seemingly unending fog started to move. The layers of fog stacked together, and it contrasted greatly with the clusters of fiery red berries.

The hooves clad in metal broke the twigs and berries on the ground as they trampled across the river which had sharp rocks jutting out from the beach. Thirty four horses galloped across the shallow water and made it splash like fireworks.

The skeletons near the area clearly felt the disturbance and they sought out for the source. When they finally discovered the disturbance, they found that there were war horses appearing right in front of them.

The Arreck war horses charged straight into the fragile bones and smashed into them, either shattering their bones immediately or knocking them back into the jagged rocks and destroying them. The cavalry created an empty path, before it slowed down: The young leader gestured to the riders and they stopped moving.

Shouts pierced through the morning’s air.

“Victory!”

“We won!”

“Long live Aouine!”

“Long live Brendel!”

The mercenaries cheered loudly with their arms raised. Their collective cheers echoed throughout the valley as they combined into one.

Brendel took down his leather helmet and threw it away as he splattered water onto his forehead to wash away the perspiration. A gust of wind blew and he felt refreshed from it. He then mounted his horse and looked at the surrounding environment.

[Over. It’s finally over!]

He clenched his fist. It was a nightmarish battle when they fought against Ebdon’s army. Everyone had used up all their strength when they finally reached the Valley of the Saint.

Two thousand mere refugees managed to cut through a bloody path after being surrounded by ten of thousands of undead. It sounded like it was a daydream, but the reality was they made it happen. It was true that some of them did not make it and they wept in sadness over their cold bodies, but they managed to survive. (TL: When you think about it, it was almost always Brendel’s army enemy size, and mostly the reason why a smaller army would win a bigger army. If you split up the undead into 50 groups, and have Brendel’s army of 500 militia/mercenaries vs 200 undead all the time…)

Almost all the mercenaries had injuries on them, but they looked at him with convinced eyes as they know who had brought them to safety.

It was almost like a miracle.

The youth had fulfilled his promise as he said that he would point a path leading to a miracle

Freya brought the militia along with her at this stage.

Her sentences were,





“Did we really win, Brendel?”

He nodded at the girl. He did not speak, but the militia behind her were silent when they saw him nod. Some of the people there dropped their weapons onto the ground as they saw their leader’s action. They almost could not believe their eyes when they realized they had escaped to safety after just one full day.

They had repeatedly broke through the enemy lines, even when the White-Mane army was unable to defeat the undead at all.

Someone from the militia yelled out loudly as if it in denial: “Lord knight, did we really win?”

Brendel nodded again.

Everyone started jumping and yelling in delight. Some of them started weeping while a few others ran backwards to inform the refugees. The cavalry tried to keep a straight face, but after a few moments they were grinning from ear to ear.

Brendel noticed Freya looking at him in a slight stare, and he asked: “What’s wrong?”

“It’s nothing. Thanks, Brendel.” Came the reply.

Brendel laughed in response. He started to look at the green forest far away from him.

[The Forest of Grand deer. That’s a nostalgic place. It’s a place that I used to pass when I traveled from Bruglas to Fortress Riedon, with quite a lot of wolverines in them. There’s a particular point of interest, an ancient castle, that I need to go at some point in the future.]

Brendel started evaluating his options.

[I have nearly gotten 5000 XP from the past battles. The Cards of Fate are something of great value as a magical item and a trump card that I can use, so I have to spend 2000 XP to attain an EP pool. Next is the Scholar and Knight professions. The sub-profession as a scholar allows for additional development on the main profession class, as well as providing higher TP.]

(TL: EP elemental points, TP – Tactical points – Required for raising skills.)

[Technique skills in this world are a rare thing, because the majority of the people here are NPCs, while a player could easily get their own innate techniques because of what their profession class brings along. In this case, I also know missions that provide techniques as well, so I should put them in my schedule so that I have an advantage over the people here. Considering the path ahead of me if I want to become a paladin, I need to establish a good relationship with the Holy Cathedral of Fire.]

Brendel then thought about the overall journey.

[I merely completed a quest to ‘rescue the refugees’. The Tarkus in history had combined multiple undead units and conquered many Aouine cities before they pulled out which led to the prologue of Aouine’s demise. I used to laugh at Aouine’s weak leadership, but until I led this group of NPCs, I finally realized that war isn’t so simple.]

He shook his head.

[A gamer looking at Aouine’s history with a pair of gamer’s eyes. That’s wrong. When you throw this situation to the royal king or the Regent Princess later on, they will most likely be helpless in this situation. I can’t imagine how it feels like to watch their kingdom crumble bit by bit over the decades… In any case, we have already reached the north side of the River of Sharp Rocks.]

Once they defeated the squadron here, they had swept Medes’s last line of troops that surrounded the region.





Suddenly he felt someone patting his back. When he turned around, he saw Leto and the other mercenaries, along with the remnants of the White-Mane army gathered together.

“My lord, what are your plans.” The first to speak was Batum who appeared like a coarse city dweller in Brendel’s eyes. His orange-red beard was especially striking.

“My plans?”

“We have discussed amongst ourselves, we would follow you if you wish to keep us by your side.” Mano answered in a straightforward manner.

The mercenaries found out that they were more keen to work for the youth after experiencing the past few days compared to working for others.

Brendel was confused for a moment before realizing they were asking to be his retainers, but he was not a real noble and his identity was merely upheld by Ciel. He thought for a while before replying.

“It’s not suitable for you to follow me at the moment.”

Everyone was taken aback, but Leto understood there was something else in his words. “Then what are your plans, my lord.”

But Brendel returned the question to him. “What exactly do you plan to do if I can’t accept you?”

They looked at each other, but it was Gaspard from the Fortress Riedon’s public policing forces that answered. “We intend to form a mercenary group, if my lord has other thoughts. We fought together so we can trust each other.”

“Aren’t you interested in continuing your post as a captain?”

Gaspard laughed. “No, I already gave my thoughts about this, and my men are also willing to walk this road.”

“What about you and your men?” Brendel turned to Taron and the rest of the White-Mane army.

“Besides us, there are also a few men from the refugees who are interested in joining us. However, a few of the mercenaries and the White-Mane soldiers have their own plans. The rest amongst the refugees are farmers and city dwellers.” Batum was the one who replied.

Brendel took another glance at him. Batum did not appear to be a simple mercenary to be able to analyze the refugees’ composition.

“Taron?” Brendel was interested in the White-Mane’s sub-officer as he was one of the kingdom’s veterans. Taron closed his eyes and thought for a while before answering in a solemn voice.

“I wish to follow you, lord knight. If you disagree, I can only return to the White-Mane Army.”

“You’re disappointed?” Brendel was surprised after listening to the tone in his voice.

Taron nodded.

“Alright, let’s establish a mercenary group first and… the group’s name shall be ‘The Amber Sword’.”

Everyone paused.

Leto asked gingerly. “What does my lord mean?”

“Ahh, also, try and get some of the artisans from the refugees to go with you. Of course, you can’t force them if they don’t want to. On the other hand, I need Batum to come along with me for the next task that I’m about to do.”

He turned back to Taron. “If you really wish to stay behind, then go along with Mister Leto. I’m not sure what I can do for your men, but I will let you know very soon.”

Taron slowly nodded.

“Where are you going next, my lord?” Gaspard asked.

“I’m heading to Ankries. Someone’s waiting for me there, then I’m going off to Bruglas. If everything goes well, I believe I can inherit a land very soon. At that point we can discuss again.” Brendel replied confidently.

Everyone looked at each other again. There were many noble youths, but knights who inherited lands were very few. It appeared like he was a Highland Knight from the legends, and they thought they had chosen the right decision to follow him.

Brendel looked beyond at the horizon as he started to form his plans clearly in his mind.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 29




No worries, I’m sure the story isn’t going to turn into a merchant novel. Maybe. Next update will come a few hours later. Please inform me of any errors.





Chapter 29 – Romaine’s plans

The start of every year was called the ‘Month of Winter chords.’ One charismatic person would host the event, so the first month was also called the ‘Month of socialization’, and many banquets and festivals were held during that time period.

The sixth month was called the ‘Month of Hazy Summer’. The word ‘hazy’ referred to the moonlight during the summer nights, where magic woke up from the Summer’s Slumber. This was when the wizards, both living and undead, had their busiest activities.

When it came to the seventh month, the ‘Month of flowing fire’, it was when the day was longest throughout the year. The Sun God would reach the peak of his powers and the beast-kin in the far east held their biggest celebration, the Festival of Flames.

Similarly, the kingdoms who were under the protection of the Holy Cathedral of Fire considered this month an important one. The celebration for this event that happened once a year in Aouine should have started early, but the noble officials in the Grinoires region had no mood to spend time on the events due to the constant battles they faced from Madara.

However, it appeared there was some changes as there were rumors that the army comprised of frightening undead creatures had stopped at Dragos and did not proceed any further to the north. The Silver-Winged knights had won two victorious battles and reclaimed much land, despite several defeats. Many more rumors spread throughout the land, and people were unable to differentiate the truth. Fortunately, most of the commoners would rather believe in good news, and they praised Duke Nakkin for being wise and strong.

On the seventh day, Incirsta’s army turned towards Randner, and the villages in the Grinoires area received their peace again.

People started claiming that the war was over because it was the time when the Sun walked on the Earth, and once the undead touched the ground they would burn up, and the kingdom was naturally going to go for a counter attack.

No one knew where the rumors started, but it was spread around the nearby areas within a few days.





Brendel sat next to a wooden table and listened to the farmers’ discussion nearby him. He and a few others had just left Ankries and were heading to Bruglas without much issues. The undead numbers were getting smaller, so the farmers were at least right about the war ending soon.

Marden had successfully brought the villagers to Ankries, and the news of the fall of Bucce region quickly spread to Fortress Vermeire. He naturally became a hero and the guards and militia that he brought along were glorified and placed into a list where rewards awaited them. Freya and Romaine were also in the list, but this was certainly not the end of the rewards. Brendel knew that there was a more important play going on later.

[After the war, the kingdom is going to require ‘Heroes’ in order to boost the morale of the citizens. In a war, victory or defeat isn’t that important, but it’s more important to have figureheads that allow people to look at.]

When Brendel and the others reached Ankries, Marden and the the militia were sent to Bruglas without any delay. The nobles wanted to gather goodwill from the capital, and the army needed to be praised, therefore they had no reason for any clashes.

In the end, the glory was attached to the local White-Mane army instead of the local nobles, which signified that Ankries also had political clashes between the two factions.

However, two news surprised Brendel.

[Bucce’s guards did not get wiped out by the undead forces entirely. Bretton and a few of the men close to him survived. Ahh, I feel really annoyed when I think about that hateful bastard, but at the same time I somehow feel relieved that he survived this.]

The other news really surprised him and made him feel at a loss.

[The ‘Tiger’ Luc Beson survived. What should I make of this? I know I changed history somewhat, but what did I do to help him survive?]

“Damn these bastards! What does it have anything to do with these cowardly nobles when Madara changed their targets to attack? Why doesn’t anyone know Brendel and who is Earl Nakkin?”

Freya was grumbling at the side and he looked over to her, only to find that she had a displeased demeanor.

Brendel could not suppress a smile.

“Earl Nakkin is the current head of the Douglas family. The family is very well known in this area and they go back a long time in history, and there are no common nobles that can be compared to them.”

She jumped slightly when she suddenly heard him speak, and her earlier temper subsided quickly. “B-but he can’t take the credit that others made….”

“The goals from the upper echelons are different from us. We basically will not have any contact with them. Furthermore, there’s no need to get angry with the farmers here. You look down on the nobles because you already know what’s inside their hearts, but these farmers are ignorant of the truth. In their eyes, the nobles are people of high importance that takes care of the country.”

Freya paused slightly when she suddenly realized that she had stereotypical thoughts as well in the past. She believed the city dwellers to be arrogant because of how much they know, while the nobles are far above the commoners who controlled everything. She looked closely at the youth. After she met Brendel, she had learned many more truths about the world, and seemed to grow up a lot.

The events that appeared mysterious and difficult had become common place now.

[Was Brendel the one who changed me, or did the war somehow changed my views?]

Brendel noticed she was deep in thought. “What are you thinking?”





“Have I changed?”

“Humans naturally change, Freya. It just depends where the change is.”

“What?” She looked at him in slight confusion.

“Wisdom.”

“Wisdom?”

“Because you see more things then the others, and know more than the others, that you find the world becoming more insignificant. That is wisdom.”

“Then what about you?”

“You can think of it this way. When you know the things I know, the world would become complicated in your eyes, and the events from the future would cause you an endless amount of worry.” The youth paused for a while before answering.

Freya thought about it and shook her head to show that she did not understand.

Brendel smile: “You might come to know of it in the future—”

He suddenly Romaine placing her chin onto the table with utter boredom with her puppy eyes on him. His pleasant mood was cut by half.

“What is it not?” He asked.

“Nothing.” Romaine immediately denied it.

Brendel found himself at a loss for words. The common sense of the girl in front of him frequently stopped his conversation from continuing. He contemplated for a while before changing the topic.

“Come to think of it, what are you planning since yesterday?”

Romaine’s eyes shone and she sat up.

“I’m calculating the price.”

“Price?”

“Ever since the Month of the Moon Flowers, Ankries’s food prices went up by fifty percent. If the war continues until winter, then the merchant Romaine will be able to make her first profit.” She answered with logical sense.





Her words surprised both of them. It looked like the lass was having a great time for the past two days in Ankries, off to complete her own adventures, but did not realize that she had investigated the market.

But Brendel was surprised at the merchant girl’s acuity, while Freya was surprised that her best friend had a serious side to her.

“Looks like you can’t complete it,” Brendel got interested and replied: “The war will only last to the middle of the seventh month. Looks like your first plan is about to go up in smokes, great merchant lady.”

“Really?”

“Most likely.” Brendel said that it was hundred percent in his heart. He was hoping to see the dejected look on Romaine’s face, but he was quickly disappointed. (TL: We now know that he’s a S.)

“Hey, Brendel.” She blinked. “I heard that Bruglas constantly supplies food and wine to Dragos, Ankries and the Bucce region every year right? Ankries and Dragos are also Grinoires’s most important southern areas because they produce food right?”

[You even investigated this?] Brendel looked at little Romaine.

“Then Bruglas with the population of thirty-five thousand, they would have stopped producing wine at the end of the fifth month because of the war situation right?”

“Considering that the nobles received the news early, I think they might have stopped doing so at the beginning of the fifth month.” Brendel reflected on the overall Madara invasion and realized that very few people would notice any signs of the war because of how controlled the information was.

Romaine nodded. “Then if the war ends during the middle of the seven month, Ankries wouldn’t be able to support two festivals, and if Bruglas wants to transfer wine and food, they would have to do so from the north and pass over the Grey Eagle mountains. If that is the case, the wine prices from that region should be expensive if you add on the fees incurred by the journey.”

“Who exactly told you this?” Brendel listened in surprise.

“My aunt said that ignoring the advice from your elders would be punished by the Gods.” Romaine looked at the two in front of her and answered seriously. “Old man Anton, the cripple Carl and Mister John are people who had produced wine for half their lives for Bruglas. Brendel, do you want the Great Merchant Romaine to introduce any of them them to you? They are really good at what they do!”

Brendel looked at the merchant girl and her imaginary wagging tail that was working furiously. He could believe that people liked her carefree spirit, but what was with the ‘Great Merchant Romaine’?





“So you want want to gain a profit before the war ends? That’s your plan?”

She nodded furiously.

“You lack the capital?”

She continued to nod furiously.

“Wait,” Freya finally found an appropriate time to stop them. She frowned as she spoke. “Brendel, you’re aren’t going to become crazy like Romaine right? We don’t have much money.”

“Perhaps little Romaine can give us a surprise on this matter.”

But Freya did not believe that such an opportunity would drop onto their laps.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 30




Alright, this marks the end of the sponsored chapters. Thank you very much for your support.

You can expect two more regular chapters, probably one more chapter later on, and another tomorrow.





Chapter 30 – Brendel’s plans

But Freya did not get to finish her talk as she saw Romaine’s sad face, and swallowed the angry words that she had.

“W-whatever. I can’t be bothered anymore.”

Brendel already knew that Freya was someone who had all bark and no bite, so he took out his own bag and emptied it. A few silver coins fell out from it, and it appeared like he had around five hundred Tor.

His mouth opened slightly as he did not expect that he had so little money. He had sold off a low grade gem from Ebdon’s loot for a good price in Ankries that was worth of tens of thousands of Tor. He had split up up the money into three parts and divided them to Freya and Romaine. But after purchasing some ingredients for an alchemy potion, he used up most of it.

The ingredients that he had were planned to make a High-potion that was supposed to raise willpower for a short time. It was called a ‘Berserker’s potion for mages’ in the game, and it was more likely to be even more popular in this world.

But this item was an investment that would not see profit like the painting of the Elven princess that was worth a few million Tor.





[Especially this darn painting. I can’t sell it anytime soon. I kind of regret leaving the decision to Ciel. If I had known this I would have just asked him to take some random gold or silver plates… This type of special item isn’t easily sold even in the black market, unless I have personal connections.]

He arranged the coins on the table and sighed. “Looks like I only have this much. But Freya should have some money left, right—”

“W-what does your problems have anything to do with me?” Freya nearly choked from her ill mood. She glared at Brendel, but still took out her money pouch. “Grrrr. All our travel funds are inside here. Do what you want—”

Freya threw out over four thousand Tor and he looked at her in surprise.

They had been traveling around the Dragos region for nearly a month, and Romaine, Batum, Tamar and his son, as well as himself and Freya had been living on her budget. In fact, they had four more horses and the horse cart rental, so Brendel did not expect her to have much of the money left.

[Hoh… To think Freya is a budget planner…]

“What are you looking at?” Freya checked her clothes when she found Brendel staring at her.

“Nothing. I just thought you’re really a wise person. I wonder who’s lucky enough to marry you.”

“Freya is mine.” Romaine smiled happily.

Freya blushed like the evening sunset, her heart beating quickly. “What do you mean by lucky, s-stop talking nonsense.”

Then she glared angrily at Romaine: “And you, just shut up.”

But the merchant girl was long immune to such attacks. She smiled as she took out her bag which was just as empty as Brendel. “It looks like I ran out of money too.”





“Damn it, where did all your money go?!” Freya blurted out when she saw the empty bag. Logically, Romaine was the one who did not need to use any money.

“Investigating the market requires money, you know. Also I bought a storage warehouse and prepared a bit of wine.”

“You bought a warehouse?” Freya’s face asked when it happened.

“When Freya isn’t paying attention.”

“You need to tell us!”

Romaine thought seriously for a moment before wagging her finger. “A merchant needs to keep her secrets, heh.”

“You and your stupid secrets!” Freya was angry to the point she lost the ability to continue talking.

“Little Romaine, you stored wine and not food?” But Brendel raised a question.

“Yup, I mainly chose Juniper Berries Wine and the local sweet wines.” Romaine nodded.

Brendel was silent for a long while as he looked at her. He finally asked.

“You predicted that the war will end at the seventh month?”

“I thought it would be a little later than that. I didn’t think the situation would turn so fast. The Madara undead at Dragos didn’t seem like they are going to advance, so I think they are going to seek for another target. Didn’t Brendel always say that opportunities usually come only once, and I think the undead commander also know this. In any case, the nobles will definitely want a festival once the war ends.”

“When did you learn all these things?” Freya looked at her in disbelief.

“It’s a merchant’s secret.” Romaine’s imaginary tail wagged proudly again.

“You really do learn very fast.” Brendel’s hand looked like he was going to pat her head, but his fingers flicked Romaine’s forehead and made her clasp it. Her brows furrowed and she complained: “D-don’t flick my forehead Brendel!”

Brendel looked at the pool of money.

[But maybe it has nothing to do with any learning and is more of a natural instinct. It’s rare to see someone as talented as little Romaine. I have to maintain my identity after Bruglas, and I need a lot of capital to fulfill my plans. Even before constructing any new buildings, Leto and his large group of mercenaries still require me to pay them. Now that I have taken another look at the budget before us, it seems that I have to the task of earning money up in my schedule.]

Brendel rubbed his forehead.

[The higher ranked items that I have, like the painting or potion, can’t be sold in the southern Grinoires region due to many reasons. Too poor, too politically sensitive, hardly any black market presence…. Unless I go to Grinoires’s Folcrose, or the northern free port Ampere Seale, or Monsteras. These areas are where the filthy rich nobles reside, and selling in the black market in that area wouldn’t raise too much attention… The best option is still alchemy.]

Brendel decided that it was best for him to use alchemy since he also had Tamar as an assistant. He briefly considered to pretend to be a prophet of sorts since he knew the future events, but abandoned it when he considered that he might be branded as a heretic and burned on a stake like a witch.

[Most of the nobles like to use poison or acquire mana potions so they can recruit intermediate tier wizards… Hmm profits would be…]

“Romaine, how much do you need, is one hundred thousand Tor enough?”





“One hundred thousand?” Freya was surprised. “When did we have so much money?”

“I heard that Nakkin’s treasury has quite a bit of money in it.” Brendel rubbed his chin.

“Y-you—” Freya’s face immediately paled. From the performance in Fortress Riedon, she was certain that Brendel could pull it off.

But Romaine did not act like she cared at all, and replied without any guilt in her voice. “It’s best to have more than that. I can guarantee that the profits would double.”

“Stop that and persuade Brendel, h-he’s trying to—” Freya carefully looked around her and did not finish her sentence. She was afraid that someone would inform the local authorities and they would not be permitted to leave this inn.

“Freya, Brendel can be trusted.”

“Your head cannot be trusted!”

Freya was fuming , but she ultimately made up her mind not to let Brendel steal from the treasury of a noble. The escape from Fortress Riedon was a last resort, but no matter what, this attempt must not be allowed.





She convinced herself that it was out of justice and not because she was afraid of seeing Brendel’s neck in a noose. She glared at Brendel once she thought it through and calmed down.

“Why did you bring all of us to whis village?” She suddenly asked Brendel.

There did not seem to be anything in this village except for a single inn. There were only twenty or thirty families and this looked like a place that people stopped for a while and rest, but they were here for the entire morning.

But Brendel was equally impatient as well. He had sent out Batum for a task half an hour ago, but he still had not returned.

[Did I predict it wrongly? … No, this place is the right place. My memory isn’t bad enough that I can mistaken it for a different place. What does this mean? That person hasn’t moved in to this place yet? But didn’t the forums state that he was always here?]

Brendel finally raised his eyebrow when he saw the striking red moustache from Batum at the corner of the street.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 31




I’ll fix any TL errors tomorrow.

Chapter 31- Master of the Mithril Fort, Tulman

In the Amber Sword, there had been a long standing rumor in the forums. A hidden sage that had a level of hundred and twenty was residing in the Needle Forest between Bruglas and Ankries. It was only after a long period into the game before a player finally discovered that legendary figure.

[Austein Tulman. Master of the Mithril Fort. Grand sage, as well as an intermediate wizard. The Silver leader of the Twelve Circles magic association. After the association disbanded, he left the air city Kanogi and retired in the Needle Forest. Users tried to garner goodwill from him and found that they could get the sub profession Sage from him, but the majority of them chose to pay a little money and get the profession from Bruglas’s library for nobles.]

Brendel did not know if there were any additional side quests or secrets from him as no users mentioned that they did. However, regardless of whether they succeeded or not, he was about to try out personally now.

[There’s no harm in trying anyway. I personally think it strange that a level 120 titled sage only offered a profession as a reward. Since I didn’t try it out in the game, I’ll do it now. If there’s a shortcut to success, I’ll definitely take it.]

He found out from Batum that Tulman did not live in the village, but a short distance away on a hill. Due to his small error, Batum took the entire morning before finding out the correct place.

[That’s a pretty big blunder that I made.]

The four of them slowly made their way to the Sage’s house. The path from Ankries to Bruglas was considerably used, so they did not see a rustic scenery like Bucce’s region had.

Every short distance or so, they found wooden fences line in a row, with fallen leaves covering the gravels. It was a place that made people relax, and Freya lost herself in the beautiful forest, while Romaine followed from behind and scampered everywhere, finding this place to be very interesting.

It was only Brendel who saw enough of this scenery to be irritated after walking for nearly an hour. He asked Batum who was in front of him: “Batum, are you certain that the person I’m looking for is living in this area?”

Batum wiped the sweat off from his face while he took off his hat. “I’m certain of that, my lord. If you’re looking for an old man with a long white beard and long grey robes, there’s only one person in this area. Please be assured of Batum’s search.”

Brendel nodded.

He mostly trusted in Batum. The mercenary had done a reasonable job in his tasks, and he had listened carefully to his orders without much issues.

Batum also found that Brendel had given him tasks within a mercenary’s capacity and did not overestimate his abilities, and the former was impressed with his leader’s eye for men.

The only thing that he did not understand was the relationship between his wizard squire and Brendel. The youth named Ciel kept appearing and disappearing out of nowhere, and he could only view it as the mysterious ways of a Highland Knight.

Freya exclaimed with surprise when they finally reached the end of the forest. There was a lone wooden house in the midst of a grassy hill, with a clear path leading to it.





It was quite a unique house, as it looked like half an overturned barrel on the ground. The door was located in the center of this ‘barrel’, while the two sides had windows decorated with pots of various silver and purple flowers. Even Brendel could not identity all of the flowers, but he noted that they might be rare magical plants.

They walked to the wooden fences surrounding the house and found a bell on the gate.

[If Tulman isn’t taking a nap or something, he has most likely discovered our presence with a magic spell. Anyone who rings this bell will most likely draw his ire. This is not used for alerting him that someone is in front of his house but alerting him that there’s an emergency or something, like a dragon invading the village, heh.]

He suddenly felt someone touching his shoulder, and he saw Freya’s troubled face when he turned around.

“Brendel, what is this place?”

She noticed that Brendel was here to meet someone, but she had no clue as to who it was.

“It’s an old man’s home.” Brendel’s gaze was back on the house’s wooden door.

“An old man?”

“Yup. He’s a wizard.”

Freya nearly knocked the sword off from her belt as she yelped in surprise. Not only her, even the veteran Batum straightened up when he heard that. They were meeting a real wizard that was unlike the flaky apprentice Ciel.

Many people in the entire continent and not just Aouine alone, viewed wizards as the most mysterious figures in bedtime stories, and listened to their rumors growing up, and even associated them with monsters and Gods.

But most of them did not know that it was a common sight to see wizards in the biggest cities, especially in the royal court or academies established by the royal families. The only rare variants were the Black Wizards or witches that were truly unique to be placed inside legendary stories.

But Brendel discovered that Romaine was looking a little tense.

“Why are you looking so anxious?”

“My aunt says we need to be polite when we greet wizards, otherwise there might be unncessary trouble.”

“Hmm?”

Before Brendel could answer, there was an elderly voice that came from within the house. The door opened with a creak.

“This isn’t something what commoners would say. Little girl, who’s your aunt?”

The old voice matched the person who spoke. An elderly man appeared before them with grey long robes and silvery hair, along with a pair of shell-rimmed spectacles. His white beard extended all the way to his waist and swayed as he approached the four.

Everyone saw the legendary Tulman for the first time, even Brendel.





“My aunt is my aunt.” Romaine did not appear shy at all.

The old man looked at the others with clouded eyes. They swept past Brendel and Batum, but they paused for a while when he looked at Freya.

Finally, they went back to Romaine and he smacked his lips. “I know who your aunt is when I look at you. Hmph, you definitely got her personality right. ”

[What, this wizard knows Romaine’s aunt? But he’s a real wizard from those rumored stories!] Freya could not believe her ears.

[Tulman actually knows Romaine’s aunt as a witch.] Brendel was surprised that Tulman seemed to know Romaine’s aunt personally.

“You know Aune Jennie? “Have you seen Romaine’s aunt before?”” Both of them talked at the same time.

Tulman wanted to go back into the house, but he stopped when he heard them. He looked at Freya first without saying anything, but when he looked at Brendel, he asked.

“Young man, do you know the meaning of courtesy?”

Brendel coughed as he realized his mistake. He could only smile and act like nothing had happened.

“Wasting time is an embarrassing act, Ser Tulman. I’m only trying to save time—”

Tulman narrowed eyes widened slightly: “Do you know me?”

“Certainly,” Brendel did not mince his words: “The Master of the Mithril Fort, Silver Leader of the Twelve Circle Association. I certainly know of Ser Tulman.”

The hat in Batum’s hands dropped when he heard that. There was a famous legend where a group comprised of brigands and mercenaries that numbered nearly five hundred, along with two ogres, had their eyes on the legendary Mithril items.

They were all turned into stone by the Master of the Mithril Fort..

They were still placed on a desolate beach where seafarers could see them from time to time.

That legendary figure was now in front of him and what shocked him was Brendel’s casual attitude towards him. He could not help but feel this lord knight was insane.

But he was even more shocked to find out what happened later on.

Tulman turned around and looked at the young man again when he heard his words. He carefully observed him as if to make sure that there was no one like him in his memories, before he spoke again.

“Young man, it seems like you’re prepared when you came here. But who exactly are you, I don’t recall someone like you in my memories. Whose son are you?”

Brendel thought that was something suspicious when Tulman recognized Romaine’s aunt.

[One of the famous witches? Perhaps the legendary Blue Witch who abandoned her title as the ruler of witches to live in the world of mortals? Hmm. Well I can think about it later on.]

Brendel shook his head. “I’m not a son of any of your acquaintances. I came here because I have a question.”

“Question?”





Brendel cleared his throat and spoke with an accent: “Stam—”

The old man looked as if he understood something, but his eyebrows knitted together soon enough.

“What is the meaning of that word?”

Brendel’s eyebrow went up. He just spoke a word from Kirrlutz’s poem of world creation, the text in the original Blue Poem. In the later era, every original document in the game literally sparked a war between wizards each time they were discovered. Cold perspiration formed on his head when he thought there were no ‘Nature Slates’ in this world.

[W-wait. It’s because the era isn’t right. The main quest isn’t about Madara conquering Aouine, the real primary quest started when the Nature Slates started showing up. The ‘World Wizard War 1’…. Or something. Cough. I don’t intend to spark the war but this word should be enough to spark the interest of Tulman. It’s meaningless if one doesn’t have the entire text, but it’s a word from the ‘Creation of the World’…]

Brendel believed that Tulman was able to recognize the research value in it.

“Ser Tulman, have you heard of the Blue Poem, the poem of creation from Kirrlutz?”

Tulman stroked his beard. He had indeed felt the ancient magic and meaning from that word. It was not powerful, but it seemed to encompass the origin of magic. He thought that it was an ancient dragon word, or a variant of wizard or druid languages, but he did not manage to find anything close to it after carefully searching his memories.

Tulman did not suspect the youth was lying to him, and quite frankly as a sage who had spent a century researching such things, he would be impressed with the people who managed to lie to him.

“You mean the very first historic poem that Kirrlutz translated as the Holy Elven song?”

Brendel knew that the Silver Citizens were biased against humans. The residents of Buga were humans of ancient blood and despised the humans who lived on the surface. However, the lineage of Kirrlutz extended deeply into history and made the Silver Citizens jealous and certainly something they were unwilling to admit.

Brendel simply nodded as all these had nothing to do with him.

“What does it have anything to do with what you said?”





The discussion had gone beyond the limit as to what the other three people could accept. They did not understand anything what Brendel and Tulman were saying. Freya could only watch as Brendel’s shadow grew bigger in her heart, while Batum’s jaws were completely opened.

[Ahem. Indeed, I certainly don’t know what exactly it has to do with what I said…] Only the Gods know that Brendel was trying to pull a false one.

“It’s a word from the Blue Poem, describing how Mother Marsha created this world with kind intentions, Ser Tulman. I believe you are able to experience the magic for yourself on the word itself.”

Tulman’s expression changed and he hurriedly went back into his house. There was a series of noises where books were opened and pages being turned.

Brendel knew that his plan had half succeeded, and he gestured to the others to come along with him. All four of them went into Tulman’s home.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 32




TL: Next week’s update kind of depends on how many assignments I’m left with. I seem to be just barely ahead my schedule, but I’m almost certain my group project is about to come up next week. If this particular assignment does come up, I might have to stop TLing for a while, even there any sponsored chapters, so that I don’t drag my classmates down because I didn’t devote enough time. I’ll inform you guys again on Tuesday.

Chapter 32 – Scholar

The first thing that Brendel saw when he entered Tulman’s house were manuscripts strewn all over the incredibly polished pine floor. When he turned to the left, he saw a thick book placed on a pedestal. The technology in this world was not advanced, and the papers that were made are considerably thick. They had to use leather skin with binding to lock it in place, thus making it bulky and cumbersome when transporting the books, and they easily spoiled too.

Even though the kingdom had a library as well as a royal academy, they were typically reserved for merchants, and ranked nobles’ descendants. Most of the time, the commoners would rather send their children to various workshops and work as an apprentice.

Brendel walked up to the book and checked the contents quickly.

[Ancient languages. Tulman is actually studying them. Judging from his notes, he looks like he’s studying the variants of the old Highland language used in Kirrlutz. Based on his notes, he seemed to have made a certain amount of progress. If I pass these notes to Batum or Freya, they will most likely treat them as scrap paper.]

Tulman finally stopped flipping through the books inside his house and went up to him.

“Young man, where did you discover this language?” Tulman finally found a obscure variant language that resembled Brendel’s pronunciation from his related documents.

Tulman discovered that there were five ancient Kirrlutz tribes, and the weakest group amongst them was called Deronhi. Their language appeared to be greatly similar to the Blue Poem’s word and the Kirrlutz’s ancestors might have truly recorded down history.

Tulman have always suspected that the Kirrlutz’s current citizens were not true descendants, but was unable to deny that the King of Flames, Gatel, had traits of the ancient Kirrlutz’s race.

Brendel grinned but he did not answer.





Tulman pushed his spectacles up and he carried a huge book from the inner room and walked out. He sat down on a chair near the window and faced Brendel. He looked at the four of them, before opening the shelf next to the chair and took out a smoking pipe from the second drawer. He tapped the pipe on the table, and flames immediately lit the leaves in it, causing the smoke to rise up. (TL: I nearly wrote weed, lol.)

He put the pipe in his mouth and took a deep breath, puffed out smoke from his nostrils and said: “It seems like you have something that you want, young man. State your request then. I must say you have succeeded in making these old bones interested.”

He then placed the pipe onto an ash tray, and said with smoke coming out from his lips: “But you have not won yet. Boy, even though I am already old, I have not gone senile yet. What exactly do you want to get from me if you only have a single word? You had better bring something that is of use.”

The old man’s words finally made Batum and Freya realize that Brendel was trying to make a transaction, but they did not know what exactly he wanted to do.

Romaine was fond of Brendel’s calm attitude. Even though it sounded like the old man was being stubborn, he was already admitting defeat.

“I’m a Highland knight. I require someone to invite me to the Scholar’s Circle, and my squire’s mentor told me come here as well as what I should do. This is how it really is, Ser Tulman.” Brendel decided to squeeze everything he could from the fake identity. If one was to look at it from a certain point of view, he was not lying.

In the rules of the Highland, the wizard apprentice’s mentor had the responsibilities of teaching the knight as well. Brendel believed that Tulman knew many of the wizards in the Black Tower, and would not reveal himself as a fake Highland Knight.

Tulman placed one arm on the armrest as he inhaled from the pipe again and sank into deep thought. He was thinking of which one of his old acquaintances sent this troublesome man to him. Even though he was not a powerful wizard, he was a great scholar and well known alchemist, high famed amongst the wizards. His friends and enemies were all over Vaunte, and he had difficulty guessing who it was that played a joke on him.

But in the end, he thought that recommending a newcomer to the Scholar’s Circle was not a big issue, and looking at Brendel’s performance, he would not cause him to lose any face.

So Tulman grabbed a parchment and placed it on the table, picked up a quill nearby and wrote something on it. Then he rolled it up and placed it into an envelop, dripped wax on it and stamped his seal onto it.

He raised his head up.

“I’ll recommend you to Earl Panos to learn from him for a while and you will know how we do things. He might be an old-fashioned person, but he’s a very good teacher, what do you think?”

“Perfect.” Brendel answered.

[So much negotiation and so much of my performance, just to save a few hundred Tor for registration in that place? I can’t take this lying down!]





He decided to try and put more work into it. He walked up and grabbed the letter with his fingers.

“Ser Tulman, about that word, the humble me has also studied the Kirrlutz’s ancient languages as well. I have discovered something interesting. The natives who are still living in the Baltha Highland seem to keep to their old ways, and there are a few wizards amongst them who still hold on to single words passed down from the ancient times, keeping the ancient Kirrlutz’s language alive—”

Brendel said with half-truths mixed into it. It was true that the people there could trace their lineage to the old Kirrlutz’s citizens, and the clues to a ‘Nature Slate’ started out from there, but the first Nature Slate was somewhere else.

The slates were of no practical use to Brendel, and he did not want to plunge the world into a chaotic war.

Tulman’s eyes lit up, as the leaves burned and dimmed.

“You’re studying the Kirrlutz’s ancient languages?” He looked suspiciously at the youth. “Tell me of your views.”

“I believe that Ser Tulman has already discovered that the ancient languages incorporates magic into it. All their words are linked to the origin of magic, but the Era of Chaos was the moment where things split. After that moment, the magic in their words started to weaken…..” Brendel thought for a while before taking some random lore that he had seen from the forums.

Tulman nodded and he acknowledged it with his eyes.

“The cause of effect is probably from long wars.” Brendel continued.

“Long wars, interesting,” The old man took a ring from the drawer and passed it to Brendel. “You can go to Earl Panos’s private library collection and take a look there. If you have any new ideas, then come back to me with this ring.”

[Oh? It’s working. Looks like a quest to me. I’m not sure if anyone made it to this point, but it sounds like it’s going to be quite difficult. Still, it’s a start.]

Brendel was delighted.

[He’s probably planning to set off to the Baltha Highland to research the lore there and come back here, but I wonder if he is going to get anything out of it.]

He took the ring and letter, and there were elegant green words hovering in his vision:

{Do you accept the sub-profession ‘Scholar’?}

Brendel immediately accepted it. A new sub-profession bar appeared in his stats window.

Scholar





Level 0, 0/6

Level 1 History Knowledge

In the game, a sub-profession is different from a main profession. Sub-professions did not introduce new techniques or stats, but allowed users to gain unique abilities. It was something akin to having ‘Status’.

For example, when a user reached level 5 and above, it allowed a user to acquire a ‘Skilled’ title before the sub-profession class, and in Brendel’s case, he would be a ‘Skilled Scholar’. There would not be any XP penalty interference from having too many main classes as well, unless he got more than three ‘Skilled’ sub profession titles. At the same time, being a Scholar provided many more TP points than other main classes, and therefore it was recognized as a ‘must have profession’ in the game.

Once Brendel took on the class, he immediately put in 220 XP to raise it up to level 5, and received 250 TP from it. Raising it beyond level 5 required the sub-skill ‘Nobles’ Knowledge’ or ‘Sigils’ Knowledge’, so Brendel could only leave it aside.

He looked like he was slightly lost in thought when he finished setting up his class, but he raised his head once he was done.

“Ser Tulman, you have already met my friend Romaine. She and her aunt were separated when Madara attacked, and we’re looking for her aunt. Have you seen her?”

Tulman pushed back his glasses again as took another puff.

“Young man, I only know her aunt as an acquaintance. We have not met in over ten years, I think. When I first saw that lass, she was just as old as this girl in front of me. To tell the truth, I did not know that she actually lived nearby here–”





He quickly waved his hands when he saw Brendel’s lips move: “There’s no need to ask about it. Our types have their own secrets. If she didn’t tell you, I won’t say anymore. Alright, our discussion should be coming to a close. Your goal has been met, and when you think that you have enough knowledge about this road, you can come and find me again.”

Brendel took a look at Romaine. She smiled sweetly at him: “It’s fine, Brendel. My aunt is really amazing.”

His heart skipped a beat when he saw her smile.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 33




TL: Reminder that there will only be one TAS chapter this week. Next week’s update depends on how much progress I make on the group project, otherwise it will also be 1 TAS chapter.

TL: There probably won’t be too many cliffhanger chapters but more chapters of Brendel vs nobles politics, I think. He’s a fake noble after all, I’m intrigued to see how’s he going to get a land out from nowhere, lol.

Anyway, thanks for the community help for Engrish checks again (Cough)

Chapter 33 – The Red Bronze Dragon, Leto

After the three of them left Tulman’s home in the Forest of Needles, Batum finally could not hold back his curiosity and asked Brendel timidly: “My lord, do your elders know that Lord Wizard?”

The youth glanced at him and gave a smile, but he did not reply.





Batum looked at him in confusion, not knowing what Brendel meant by his smile. Even though this knight had led them to carve out a blood road from the Madara undead army which him incredibly impressed, he felt that Brendel did not act like a proper noble from the interactions he had with him every day.

Despite the fact that the youth had said he would inherit a land, Batum did not truly believe in his words fully, feeling that nobles tend to exaggerate what they had. Still, he decided to follow him because he still believed in the youth’s capabilities.

But after witnessing the interactions between the elderly wizard and the youth, he firmly believed in him now.

[This young knight must have a powerful background, one that is unique amongst the influential families. Normal nobles would not have anything to do with these wizards of high authority, and their lineage might not even need to lower themselves even before the king.]

Batum scratched his head as he looked at Brendel who was in front.

The third morning, Brendel and his group finally reached Bruglas—

Bruglas could be seen as the heart of Grinoires’s southern area. The city was built along the slopes of Grey Eagle Hills along the eastern side of the Pine River, and buildings were distributed on the upper and lower hills.

The city was surrounded by concentric white walls, with each wall higher than the first, and rural villagers sometimes called Bruglas as the White City.

Under a clear sky, travellers from Ankries and Dragos were able to see the shining rooftops decorating the streets lined along the hill.

It was certainly a breathtaking sight, and represented a prosperous civilization.

While it was not considered a large city, there were thirty-five thousand people tightly packed in it, and probably the most densely populated areas in the Grinoires area.

The city also had many facilities and workshop situated in the Black Pine Avenue, where constant carriages and mules carrying heavy goods passing by all the time. Travelers from other cities could be seen haggling from the merchants as well.





Freya and Romaine were greatly surprised by the tall walls and clean streets as they came here for the first time. The bustling area had surpassed what they had seen in Ankries and Fortress Riedon. Even Brendel was amazed by the grandeur of the city when he saw it in the first time in the game.

Everyone became excited when they passed through the streets, but Freya and Romaine quickly stopped before the jewelry shops. The shining and intricate things that Bruglas made were exceptional, and they quickly caught the girls’ attention.

Freya looked enviously at a crescent brooch, while Romaine was attracted to a silver casket. Brendel could not hold back his laughter when he saw them hugging the items tightly.

The youth gestured to Batum and both of them made their way quietly to the owner and asked the prices, and ultimately paid a few hundred Tor to purchase the items. Romaine easily accepted the gift with surprised delight with a happy gaze, while Freya lowered her head with a blush and thought for a long time before accepting it, then quietly thanked him.

Brendel was not surprised at Freya’s struggle to accept it, but when he looked back, he saw Batum giving a thumbs up stealthily. He paused before a while before laughing.

[This red beard guy is really thinking too much… I just don’t want to see both of the girls disappointed if they didn’t get any souvenirs from the city.]

After this slight detour, they finally made their way to their destination.

The headquarters of the Silver Winged Cavalry —

Before they actually made their way into the place, they saw the little brat Fenix.

[Hmm, looks like this kid had a pretty good time from the time we saw him. He actually looks fatter.]

Little Fenix rubbed his eyes when he saw the three of them.

“Sister Boss, Brendel, Freya! Heavens, I’m not dreaming right!”

The teenager yelled and jumped down from one of the boulders in front of the headquarters and looked at them in wonder. Freya almost subconsciously scolded him when she saw the rowdy boy, but changed her words at the end.





“Little Fenix, where’s everyone?”

“Everyone’s still around, we’re fine, Sister Boss!” Then he looked at Brendel with great admiration: “Brother Brendel, everyone knows about the news where you rescued the refugees out of Fortress Riedon. Some of them went to Dragos and then to Bruglas, so the stories about your exploits have spread around. Did you really fight along side with the super amazing ‘Red Bronze Dragon’, Leto?”

“‘Red Bronze Dragon’, Leto?” Brendel was slightly surprised that Leto got a nickname like that, even though he had a part in it.

“Brat, what do you really know about amazing?” Batum knew that these rumors were actually Brendel’s instructions amongst the refugees. He did not know why the youth did not want to take this glory, but he still wanted to interrupt Fenix.

“Of course I do. Isn’t it super amazing that a single man leading a few hundred men was able to escape the undead siege comprised of tens of thousands of undead?” Fenix nodded with much sense in his words: “‘Red Bronze Dragon’, Leto, I have also heard that he’s a veteran in the November’s War, like captain Marden. Of course he’s amazing! Ah, right, who are you, mister?”

Batum nearly choked himself, but when he wanted to reply, little Fenix’s eyes suddenly shone and he yelled loudly: “Are you the Red Beard Batum!”

“Huh, brat, do you know me?” Batum was confused.

“Of course I do. I think very few people in Bruglas do not know your name. There are rumors about the Red Beard Batum who makes the undead quiver in their boots everywhere in the street! If you don’t believe me, just ask the Ser Knights in the headquarters, even they know about you!”

“Making the undead quiver in their boots, this description isn’t bad at all.” Everyone loved praises, and Batum was no exception. But just when he laughed with pride, he suddenly remembered the youth who created this miracle was just beside him. He quickly stashed away his laugh and snorted. “Hmph, a bunch of morons.”

Little Fenix was baffled by his response, but as a young teenager, he thought that many skilled people had odd temperaments and did not mind Batum’s reaction. He looked at Brendel and asked: “Brother Brendel, you must be an important member amongst the mercenaries since you’re so amazing right?”

Brendel laughed and ruffled the kid’s hair while nodding.





“Tch, I knew it. All the other brats in the street don’t believe what I told them about you.”

Freya listened to the talk in great perplexment. She looked at Brendel and called him a great liar in her heart, but once she thought about Brendel’s invincible charge against the numerous undead forces, she felt her heart racing and turned her head away.

Romaine merely smiled at one side, and no one knew what she was thinking.

While they conversed amongst themselves, the news of ‘Heroes of Fortress Riedon’ returning to Bruglas had already spread in the headquarters. The citizens in the city loved to watch events like this, so the street was quickly filled with people. There were even a few young men from the Silver Winged Cavalry that came out in twos and threes to look at the person who managed to fight their way out from Madara’s undead.

The Silver Winged Cavalry was the formal troops of the White-mane army, and part of them had fought against the Madara’s undead troops and they knew how difficult they could be. Most of them were unwillingly to believe these ridiculous rumors, but there were reports from both the refugees and the soldiers from Fortress Riedon that confirmed the rumors, and the commander of the Silver Winged Cavalry, Lord Xelnal, found there might be truth in the rumors.

There were still thousands of refugees nearby Bruglas that did not leave yet, although no one seemed to have seen the ‘Red Bronze Dragon’, Leto before.

The lower ranked and upper ranked officers saw things differently. The lower ranked officers started to look up to the legendary figure, while the upper echelons wanted to know what was going on.

“Fenix, are these the mercenaries from Fortress Riedon?”

A few boys the age of Fenix wormed out from the crowd and asked Little Fenix.

“Of course, this is my Sister Boss, Brother Brendel, and this is……” Little Fenix pointed at Batum and paused.

“He can’t be the ‘Red Beard Batum’?!”

The expressions on the boys changed immediately. The striking red beard on Batum was too easy to recognize.

“Hehe, at least you’re not stupid.” Little Fenix’s tail could be seen wagging furiously. He knew that Brendel was impressive, but he did not think he would be linked to legendary people in the rumors. Even though he had exaggerated some of the details and no one believed in him, he finally got revenge when he saw their shocked expressions.

While the boys were in admiration, Brendel felt the gazes of ill intentions from some of the soldiers within the Silver Winged Cavalry. He was not surprised at that, and had instructed them the refugees to spread a different rumor in order to escape attention. He was still too weak and not suited to be placed within the tempest that was to come.

At first Batum was his main choice to be his shield, but he also needed someone familiar with Aouine, so Leto was the best choice. However, it seemed that the army was still unhappy and jealous over the events.

[The game itself had troubling cases of jealousy and pride, not to mention reality itself…]

He sighed inwardly.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 34




TL: So there’s a WIP of that armor I was talking about back then when you click the read more button.





Show More TL notes

Chapter 34 – The meeting with Marden again

TL: I saw there’s a request to TL my version of The Amber Sword to another language, and I need to respond properly to this and future requests.

I can’t really say yes to that.

The problem is that I have edited the original raws quite a bit. There are small events in my version that did not happen in the raws (the most recent example is the battle against Boss Ebdon, some stuff isn’t there at all.), and there are stuff that I cut out completely from the raws due to various reasons. I do believe that my edits to TAS’s events to be better but my version clearly strays from the original, and TLing my version to another language makes me feel uncomfortable.



There’s also something about the TLing of my version to another language.

And the current update situation is still going to continue at a one chapter per week, because I’m going to be really busy with finishing my assignments.





That being said, I won’t stop you from using my TLed stuff to another language, just that I feel that you should take the raws rather than use my version to respect the author as much as possible.

The gazes from the soldiers made Brendel to be on his guard a little, but he believed that the superiors in the White-Mane army were not incompetent and were unable to look at the big picture.

His plan had not changed.

He was not interested to enter Aouine’s decaying internal government, but the events of the refugee’s rescue would not be to be kept under covers. Since that was the case, he planned ahead to allow the experienced mercenaries who sought after freedom, glory and wealth to stand out.

It was far more easier to make people believe that a group of well trained mercenaries led the refugees out successfully than a single person doing so.

The loss of Fortress Riedon was like a bomb that could explode anytime. No matter how much the White-Mane cavalry army stood out in the battles against Madara, they were unlikely to escape the blame of losing the fortress. If he was to stand out alone in this particular aftermath, he would most certainly satisfy his pride, but the nobles would be even more pleased to use him as a political example.

Therefore his plan was to make sure there were as many people in this ‘legendary tale’ as possible, so that he could ensure that he was buried under everyone else who stood out.

He was certain that the nobles would act upon his plan, and whatever came next would be their own doing; To find scapegoats to cast all the blame of losing Fortress Riedon to them, and to make sure that they exaggerate the series of events in order to regain their dignity.

He wanted to have nothing to do with them and whatever tale they wanted to weave, but at this moment he was still unable to escape right now.

The only advantage he got out of this was the fame of his mercenary’s group ‘The Amber Sword’ becoming bigger.





The crowd had their interest sated after a while, and the citizens outside the Silver Winged Cavalry headquarters quickly dispersed, while Little Fenix and the other boys stayed behind.

Brendel was able to meet old Marden very quickly after that. The aged captain of the guards looked like there were more wrinkles on his face since their previous meeting. He was moving about constantly with a worried look while looking at some documents. Brendel was certain that Marden was worried because of the situation amongst the nobles.

Within Bruglas, Earl Nakkin’s fight against the military nobles had most likely reached its peak, and only someone carefree like Little Fenix would have the mood to pursue stories in the city.

Brendel walked over to Marden and greeted him.

Marden raised his eyebrows when he saw him, recalling memories of the fearless young man who volunteered to warn Fortress Riedon. Even though he heard the news that Freya and Brendel were fine, he was relieved to see them fine in person, and secretly thanked Mother Marsha for her protection.

Then his gaze moved to Freya, and she immediately placed her hand over her chest and bowed. “Captain Marden, I’m back.”

Marden nodded and showed a relieved smile. “Good. It’s good to have you back.”

But after he finished his sentence, his mind immediately went back to the situation about the nobles. The citizens of Bucce were still homeless while the nobles fought for power. Even though he was not from Bucce, he was upset over the situation.

Freya’s eyes turned red when she saw Captain Marden looking like he had aged ten years, and she thought about her family dying in Madara’s hands.

Little Romaine kept winking at Brendel and he sighed.

[Why is this damned lass so sharp during such moments….and yet when I start to pay attention to her, she’s completely clueless and doing some weird stuff?]

He patted Freya’s back to comfort her and said.

“Captain Marden. It might be rude to say this, but there’s really no need for any of you to think too much about the affairs amongst the nobbles. We only need to sit quietly and wait for their final decisions since we will not be able to influence any of their decisions in the slightest.”

Marden was taken aback as he did not expect Brendel to see through his worries immediately.

He had managed to survive through the November War, but he was completely unsuited to take part in the war taking place in the shadows. He was already exhausted from the reports these past few days, and sometimes he was even envious of that brat Fenix who did not even bother to put anything in his brain.

Brendel had been through this ‘history’ and he understood that someone of Marden’s position would not be able to affect the outcome, so there was really nothing to do other than to await for the nobles’ final decisions.

[Even though this sounds terribly bleak, it’s the truth after all.]

He merely wanted to tell Marden what he thought, but Marden looked suspiciously at him and asked: “Young man, who exactly are you? You sound like you have a clear picture of what the nobles are thinking of, but even if I’m not one who’s good at reading all these political affairs, it’s strange that you are able to know more than me.”

Freya secretly confirmed her thoughts with from Marden’s words.

[Since Brendel is able to know more than Captain Marden in this aspect, his identity is basically confirmed…]





She told Marden that Brendel was a Highland Knight, and Marden looked like he finally understood something.

“So you’re a noble, and a Highland Knight at that.” Marden stared at Brendel in surprise. “I had the chance to fight along side with a Highland Knight. Even though people said they are uncontrollable, but they certainly can be considered as heroes with unquestionable character. It looks like their descendants are just as amazing. At least you are proof of that, Brendel.”

“…………….. You give me too much praise Captain Marden.”

“Not at all. When you said you wanted to go through the Zevail mountain path to deliver the warning, I merely thought that you were a reckless boy who was not afraid of death. I did not support your decision at that time, and I thought it was a mistake to send Freya to go along with you and Romaine. But you proved me wrong. Young man, true bravery is not the same as foolhardy actions, and your performance is the very definition of true bravery. Certainly, your actions can even be described as heroic.”

He patted both Brendel and Freya’s shoulders: “Both of you are excellent and great examples of what Aouine youths should be like.”

Freya was silent and merely looked at Brendel.

[There would be hardly anyone left if Brendel was not there to lead everyone. All the credit should go to him, but no one knows about it at all….]

Brendel merely kept to himself.

The two of them then finally reunited with Bucce’s militia. Erik, Iris and Mackey congratulated both of them in the same order. Mackey even managed to bring a small barrel of wine to celebrate everyone’s survival after the terrible ordeal. The other members patted their backs without saying anything else, but their feelings were definitely shown through their actions.

What surprised Brendel was the encounter with Bretton who appeared together with his father. His expression was solemn and dark, but he gave a slight nod to Brendel as they walked past each other.

[That’s interesting… he didn’t try to pick a fight with me.]

Some time after that, Mackey informed him that Bretton was severely depressed over the guilt of losing his companions and blamed himself for the past month, and only became a little better until recently. Brendel again fell into silence for a moment upon listening, secretly impressed with Bretton’s character.

When their reunion party was approaching its end, a group of young Silver Winged cavalry soldiers even came in to their room to join the party. Brendel exchanged glances with Batum when they saw them.

[It seems that my plan to distribute the glory amongst the mercenaries also helped out by winning some people over. If all the glory went to me alone, something like this wouldn’t happen at all as I would appear to be someone out of reach.]

Once the celebration was over, Marden came to him in private to inquire on the matters about the nobles. Brendel made Freya stay behind and said:

“Captain Marden, the truth is the situation has already been decided. The representatives of the White-Mane Army will make contact with us very soon and tell us of their decisions. But there’s no need to worry about this. Whatever decisions they made has nothing to do with us, and the only thing we need to do is to simply accept whatever rewards they want to give.”

“Can you explain?” Marden asked.





“The situation is basically like this. They need people to be heroes, someone like you or Freya who performed admirably. They want people from the guards or the militia so that the citizens are able to link them to the regional forces. Since you led the Bucce’s villagers to safety successfully, and you represent the formal army of Aouine, your glory can be considered to be part of the nobles as well.”

Brendel rubbed his forehead.

“But a group of mercenaries leading two thousand refugees out from Madara’s army that is comprised of tens of thousands of undead? That’s a problem for the White-Mane army. If they handle this situation badly, they would become a laughing stock. Since the rumors have already spread throughout the southern region of Grinoires, they have no choice but to admit this event took place. Their main concern is how to handle this delicate situation.”

“I see, we’re actually a guise for the real people who are going to receive the rewards?” Batum suddenly said.

Brendel nodded: “The nobles have their eyes on Freya because she was part of the army that led Fortress Riedon’s refugees out.”

“Me?” Freya was engrossed in the discussion, but she suddenly woke up once she heard her name: “Brendel, I —”

“Freya, listen to what I have to say first.” Brendel interrupted her. She paused for a moment before nodding.

Marden was quiet after listening to Brendel’s analysis. He found it difficult to accept that the nobles looked at this war like the only thing that mattered was their appearance in the public, instead of finding a solution to the undead blight.

[What exactly are we fighting for…?]

Brendel continued: “The Silver Winged cavalry have their own principals. They dislike to work with the mercenaries because they think that they are full of greed, and to fight in a war just for money was not something they can accept.”

Batum scoffed and his face was full of displeasure.

Brendel looked at him and smiled: “However, when times demand for it, they would still send someone privately to contact them—”

“Hypocrites.” Batum’s beard seemed to bristle.

“You can describe them that way, or you can say that their vanity is the reason for their attitude.”

“But are these nobles not short-sighted to think this way?” Marden still found it hard to believe that the high nobles would be so shallow.

“Short-sighted?” Brendel shook his head.

[The nobles are no fools and certainly not short-sighted. If anything they understand the soldiers in the army better than they understood themselves. No, these nobles are brilliant, but the greed and vanity that they have are the reasons why they chose to do things in this manner.

If they have power and the army behind them, these nobles would be able to become independent and disregard the royal crown. Even if Madara invaded their territory, they would be fine with it because Madara will retreat at some point. And in the case where something was to go horribly wrong, their collected wealth would allow them to settle in another country in the continent without any problems at all.





The only people who are going to suffer is the lowest denominator. If that’s the case, why would the nobles care other than vying for more power?]

Brendel continued: “No, they don’t care because they know that Madara is going to retreat soon. What is important is how they appear in the public. And when Madara’s undead retreat, they would want to choose someone from the militia to be decorated as a hero. When the citizens look at that hero, they would immediately think of Aouine’s formal army instead of the mercenaries.”

“But, isn’t Gaspard a better choice? He’s the captain in charge of Fortress Riedon’s public security, isn’t he a better choice?” Freya restrained herself from talking about Taron. (TL: Taron is from the Fortress Riedon’s white mane army.)

Brendel shook his head. “No, that’s the worst choice for the superiors of the White-Mane Army. The cavalry in Fortress Riedon belongs to the nobles, a private army created to curb the power of the White-Mane Army’s infantry. Do you really think that the military nobles of the White Mane Army is going to allow this to happen?”

Everyone realized that Freya seemed like the best choice after Brendel explained to them, and even Freya found herself unable to argue with Brendel.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 35




TL: Cough. So Overwatch free beta came about and I sort of wasted a day on it to take advantage… Cough. Reinhardt’s lionhardt armor is so sexy I just want to get it, but I doubt I can play enough to get 1000 coins _.

I saw an email about the TAS’s map, I’ll take a look at it later and see if I can get things TLed.

Chapter 35 Goddess of War and Brendel

Brendel looked at the silent Freya and knew that she probably did not understand the details behind the politics. This was something that he expected, as a person from the countryside would not have seen the machinations behind the nobles’ goals before.

[But to summarize everything, it’s all about greed.]

He decided to be as clear as possible: “I know that it might be difficult for all of you to accept. But the truth is we’re nothing but pawns on the chessboard, and they would not care about whether we live or die.”

Freya was shocked when she heard that, and she looked up at him.

But Marden frowned and sighed. What Brendel said was what he had seen for the past few days. The nobles had declared to him that the Bucce’s militia and his army would be rewarded for the defense. Everyone’s morale was raised when they heard the news, but if he was to look at things in another way, only one or two of them would be promoted, and a meager amount of money to be distributed amongst them as a reward.

And every time he mentioned about Bucce’s homeless refugees, the reply was always ambiguous.

“Freya, ” Brendel looked deeply into Freya’s light brown eyes. “If you hope to see something like everyone getting commended and rewarded for their efforts, then move back to the countryside and live a happy and safe life after the war, you’re going to get disappointed for having such a naive and unrealistic thought.”

“Brendel?”

“If you have the idea of just relying on someone else, you’re going to become a pawn that’s going to be discarded by the nobles sooner or later.”

Freya had seen and heard much in Fortress Riedon, and she could somehow understand his words, so she hesitated for a while before asking: “Then what should I do?”

“Become stronger, until you can be a person who can protect others.”





“I-I know, but—” Freya answered in a rush.

[I’m just the leader of a small militia group, how am I supposed to become as powerful as the nobles amongst the capital? It’s impossible!]

“You’re worried that you can’t do it?” He asked.

Freya nodded.

“There’s no need to be worried about it. An opportunity would present itself before you in the future.” He smiled and replied.

Freya was slightly confused and looked back in a daze.

Brendel had not told her what exactly he had planned for her. In truth, he wished for her to enter into the cavalry academy that was built by the royal crown, so that she could receive the kingdom’s formal education on commanding an army, as well as learning various combat knowledge.

He did not wish to change the Freya’s future as a Goddess of War, but at the same time, he wanted her to enter the higher ranks within the kingdom.

[Romaine is unable to go do something like this, and the only person with enough capabilities and my trust, is only Freya. In regards of safety, there’s really no need to worry about it. The school is in Verand, a land that is the private property of the Royal Crown. It is also a land that the princess would get hold of in December when the civil war starts. Everything seems to be good for Freya.]

Brendel did not think the old military commanding style and the tactics of Aouine was inferior, but there was a certain quality required for the strategies to work, and the Aouine army was getting weaker and weaker, ultimately causing the strategies to be ineffective.

[With Freya’s serious attitude, she will be absorbing the knowledge taught by the school like a sponge. When she gathers enough achievements under her belt, she will stand out from the crowd just like how it happened in history, and catch the eye of the princess.]

Brendel recalled that it was the second year of the sixth month, that Freya met the princess during the Academy’s 64th jousting tournament. Since he was going to stay out of the capital, he felt that there would not be too much of a change in Freya’s future.

[Princess Grffyn Corvado Manoff. She is only sixteen this year, but soon she will be the acting regent. I definitely need to know her thoughts are…. And I have to borrow Freya’s help with this matter.]

Brendel considered things for a second. He felt that there were no clashes with their goals. She wanted to revive the kingdom, while he wanted to turn Aouine’s ultimate fate around. However, he was worried that the half-elven girl who was born in the royal family, would not be able to put the nobles’ interest down.

His fist clenched tightly when the memories within the game appeared in his mind. It was a moment in history that he was unable to forget; the final moment in the capital Monsteras, where the palace and city burned in a sea of flames, while the sky was dyed black by the smoke.

That day he and many players retreated to the north, and many of them cried while looking to the south. They were unable to change anything because there was just not enough time for them to be able to do anything.

How was he going to watch Freya fight to the death in the Crimon Valley Dalal again?

[That day everyone of us perished in that valley. I died seven times there and lost seven levels there, and many countless players also had the same fate that I had. But in the end, what was the result?] (TL: Rhetorical question.)

That day he saw Freya wearing a silver plate with sunflower sigils on it, with a flag in her hand with black pine leaves on it, the emblem of courage in Aouine. He and the thirty-six thousand players who swore to protect Aouine did not manage to protect that flag, and even until her death, she still stood tall in the battlefield.





[Perhaps she fulfilled her own promise… to shed every last drop of blood for this land. In the end Aouine was too weak and old. There were actually three different armies from Kirrlutz that stood there and did nothing. There was only Freya’s army and players. And all of us players were no match for the opponent’s grand army.]

The brightest jewel in the Corvado family, the princess fared no better. She married an Arreck duke that she did not like, and led a gloomy life, until she was murdered in a scheme conceived by The Unifying Guild. (TL: Remember that fake noble that took Brendel’s sword? He’s from this guild.)

Brendel thought back on the days he met up with his guild members. They did not play the Amber Sword constantly and some of them stopped playing, but when they did gather together, they would talk about the past events that happened in the game. Everyone would still feel sorry when they remembered that day when Aouine’s spirit was gone forever.

[Can I let this happen all over again? ]

He looked at Freya, Romaine and Marden, then shook his head. If he was teleported somewhere else where he did not meet them, he might have considered to escape and develop slowly. With his knowledge, he would have become a legendary figure.

But experiencing the events and meeting everyone in Bucce made him realize that he was unable to do so, and he decided to take on a burden so that he could change Aouine’s fate.

[Even now, I’m still trying to figure out the possibilities in front of me. To change history, I definitely need to sweep everything off that’s blocking my path, and it’s possible that I have to disregard someone’s well being. Perhaps I might have to act like a despicable noble… Not only that, I might have to fight against every single noble in Aouine, and even the princess had to choose carefully when dealing with that five infamous dukes.]

Brendel rubbed his forehead when he thought about his specs.

[My growth isn’t that of a player… and the enemies that I’m going to face from Madara are pretty much a ‘boss’ spec, not to mention they are considered uniquely talented, especially that boss amongst bosses, the emperor with the Mercury Staff. Even if I joined hands with the Goddess of War, is it really possible to change the future?]

Brendel thought about the future beyond Aouine’s demise.

[If I go further in the timeline, Kirrlutz will take a passive and cold look at things. That Griffin Empire is not the cradle of ancient and kind human civilization. What replaced it is the pride of the highland natives, fueled by the revolution of steel and blood. The instruments of war will sound out loudly with the Nature Slate as the starting point. The Third Holy War will happen soon. When that happens, all the countries will become chess pieces on a gigantic chess board, including Madara.]





Brendel’s mind shook a little when he thought of that. Doubt surfaced as he asked himself whether he was able to handle everything, because even if he averted the Madara’s undead, what waited for him was something even bigger. He had thought about it slightly when he led the refugees from Fortress Riedon out.

[… Who am I kidding? Maybe it’s the pride of a ‘player from another world’, but isn’t this like a game that has the ‘impossible’ rating on it?]

He thought that it was a little arrogant, but he felt that he needed to at least make an attempt in doing this, at least to make amends to that regretful event.

This was also why he felt that he had to acquire enough power and authority when the Civil War started.

[When that event happens, all methods of leveling up might be affected because of the chaos, and especially during the chaos, it’s the best moment for me to have the opportunity to become a chess player and acquire both land and armies.]





Brendel had already decided the location, a kingdom that was sealed once upon a time in the west.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 36




TL: Right now there are at least 2 assignments that I want to complete at the very least before I increase my TLed chapters. There is one assignment due next week, and 3 more at the end of this month. At the very least, I want to clear 2 assignments by this week and clear off the other 2 major assignments 2 weeks later.

Chapter 36 – Brendel’s preparation (1)

TL: This is the image that I received from my email by one of the readers. Some of the minor locations from Bucce to Bruglas isn’t written there, while the rest of the locations in this map aren’t really used yet.

map1

TL: So this is my environmental drawing that has been edited by my lecturer. I have been working on it for weeks and it keeps getting rejected, until my lecturer finally edited at least 3 sections of the image to show me the areas that could be improved on, and did it within in twenty or so minutes which made it so much better. It really makes me sort of wonder if I can ever do draw environmental drawings at his level, sigh (which is pretty much why I cut down on my chapters, I really need to put in more effort into drawing.). It kind of matches The Amber Sword’s world, maybe? Cough. I have to clean this up.

Environment

For the donated chapters, please forgive me and wait for a little longer while I finish my assignments. For any outstanding donations until I get back on track, I’ll do x2 chapters of that amount + rounded up (currently there’s 2 sponsored chapters, so I’ll owe the donators 4 chapters + 1 chapter).

Finally, here’s the regular chapter for TAS.

——————- Bretton’s POV ——————

Bretton saw leaves of the evergreen trees the size of a palm on the, while he passed by the courtyard. Legend depicted that every single leaf on the evergreen trees had the soul of a fallen warrior, thus there were evergreen trees planted in the army camps to represent the bravery and courage of the soldiers. (TL: Note, Bretton =/= Brendel.)

He stared at the leaves, his mind wandering back to his companions that had fallen in the war. For a moment, he did not even hear his father, Lord Haskel, a city councilor of Bruglas, speaking to him.

“When the rewards are distributed, I’m going to try and transfer you back to Bruglas. Didn’t you want to enter the city’s cavalry unit? My words still carry weight within the city.





It is still fine if you want to stay within your current army unit, the patrolling squadron of the Needle Forest isn’t at full roster yet. However, their formation follows the Arreck’s military formation, so it might be harder for you.

In truth, my thoughts is to wait for you to be formally knighted before I assign you a stable post within the nobles’ parliament.”

Bretton gave a affirmative nod.

“But what do you think?” Lord Haskel looked at his son and sighed. His personality was similar to his own when he was young. He was confident but too proud. Even though it was not a bad thing at certain times, it was not truly a desirable attribute—

Within the wisdom that was handed down from the nobles, ‘too much pride would easily lead to setbacks’.

Lord Haskel was 62 years old in this year. It was still considered a prime age, but his appearance was starting to look aged. His silver hair straightened out and was combed very neatly, while his sideburns were white. He was famous for being in the radical faction when he was young in southern Grinoires, but he was increasingly conservative and stable as he got older.

His attire was that of a normal city councilor, a long blue robe that extended to the ground, with a white breasted vest buckle, and a long black pair of breeches. He held a cane in his hand, and looked at his only son with a warm gaze.

Bretton looked at his father and said: “I think, I might want to go to the Basta Royal Cavalry Academy.” (TL: Hopefully I didn’t get the name wrong -.-)

“What?” Lord Haskel was shocked.

“I have heard news from Walter. There are four slots available. The formal guards might recommend me. The White-Mane army have their own thoughts as well. Father, I have to plead with you not to talk about this matter with the other nobles.” Bretton explained. Walter was the vice-captain of the Silver-Winged Cavalry and a friend of Bretton. Walter was only twenty-three years old, and it was because of his father’s authority that he was able to take his current position.

“The news has been locked up really tightly. There has been no news from the parliament and the army bastards. Still, this reward should not be affected have the royal crown’s interference, is there a change somewhere in the capital?” Lord Haskel frowned.

“I am not sure, but I am determined to take this opportunity if it presents itself.” Bretton said.





“Very well, it is good to learn more things. But remember this, our Wakefield family’s political direction typically lies elsewhere. When you attend the academy, do not go against the royal faction, but at the same time, you don’t have to worry too much about them.” Lord Haskel thought for a while and changed his decision at the last moment.

Bretton’s eyes returned to the courtyard. “Who would pay attention to an insignificant person like me?”

“Your words are wrong. Everyone in the Wakefield family is of importance. Your grandfather was the chief councilor in Bruglas, and even I am famed within the southern Grinoires. You’re my son and definitely would be no less than any of us.” Lord Haskel rebuked him.

Bretton’s expression was blank.

The pair suddenly stopped moving as they saw a young man approaching them. He wore a deep blue uniform, his side attached with a knight’s sword made in the 32nd year. His long silver hair extended past his shoulders, and there was an androgynous look with his pursed lips.

“Master Sergeant Tirste.”

“Vicount Tirste.” Lord Haskel quickly pulled his son to one side as he greeted Tirste.

The man who got called as Tirste paused for a while, and looked at the two men with a pair of eyes with the color of amethyst crystals. He nodded at them and wanted to move along, but as his gaze landed on Bretton, he suddenly stopped and gave a laugh, then continued on his path.

“Strange.” Lord Haskel said to himself as he watched the young man walk away.

“What’s wrong?”

“That boy is the illegitimate son of the duke. He usually cast his eyes above our positions, but he seems to be different today.” Lord Haskel answered.

Bretton looked at that person’s back and he did not reply. His face wore a pensive expression when he turned back.

———————– Tirste’s Pov ——————–

Tirste pushed the door of the Silver-winged headquarters open, and the commander, vicount Megeska, was staring outside at the arched window with the width of three men. The middle aged man with spots of white in his hair turned back when he heard the door open, and relaxed when he saw Tirste.

He took his pipe and pointed to the side, indicating for Tirste to seat there. “I can’t say that your arrival was quick, Captain.”

“That’s because I had to get rid of the bastards who keep making trouble.” Tirste smiled and sat down.

Just like the rumors, Tirste was indeed the illegitimate son of Grinoires’s duke. But his mother was said to be from the lineage of the lost Silver Citizens, and he believed that he carried the Silver Blood as well. However, behind his facade of arrogance and cold appearance, he was considerably talented and skilled, otherwise he would not become a core member of the Unifying Guild. (TL: I’m not sure if I already wrote this before, but that fake Earl that Brendel encountered before was in this Unifying Guild.)





“Did you saw those men?” Megeska asked.

Tirste nodded. The young man inclined backwards, and used an even tone to continue: “The young man and that red beard Batum are insignificant people with the strength of an Iron-ranked fighter. There are nothing special about them, but interestingly they have a Bucce militia with them. Commander, there’s no need for me to repeat the news that you have already gotten a long time ago right?”

The commander inhaled deeply from the pipe and placed it down: “That girl is called Freya. Amongst the four slot, there was an indication that she must be given one. What do you think of that?”

“Interesting.” Tirste laughed: “Are you going to tell me that she’s an illegitimate daughter of someone powerful?”

“Please, what does that have anything to do with us?” Megeska said: “But that means that these men should not be considered as suspects. The person who killed ‘Tor’ should be at least a Silver-ranked fighter right? I wonder about the strength of that Leto person. I heard that the ‘Silver Dove faction is incredibly angry over this matter, and are pointing fingers at us, asking why we did not send a Silver-ranked or Gold-ranked fighter to guard that fool.”

The young man gave a snorting laugh: “That fool is just a substitute. When we have the chance to eliminate that famed ‘Wolf Earl’, there might be some blame to go around, but we don’t need any trash in our organization now. In fact, I wonder if Oberbeck noticed anything suspicious about his substitute.”

Megeska nodded.

“I also received some news when we investigated the refugees. There was a commotion within Fortress Riedon, and that position was along the noble parliament and the Pine Fortress. The details are probably known only to the nobles, but sadly all those fools were completely killed.”

Megeska took another of puff from his pipe: “Do you think if Luc Beson knows anything about this?”

“Even if that tiger knows anything, he wouldn’t say anything about it. His goals does not align with us.” Tirste said a deeper meaning in his words.

“Indeed, regardless of the White-Mane army or us, he is someone who’s odd.”

“What do you plan to do now?”

“Isn’t this matter left to you, why are you asking what I’m going to do? Captain, your actions are straying a little from the rules right?” The commander was taken aback before he laughed.





But Tirste shook his head: “No, this matter is left to you now. There’s something else that I have to check about the transfers to the academy, and another matter I need you to help is assign me a position as a captain within the White-Mane army.”

“Why?”

“There is news about the Lionheart sword.”

“What, that’s fast. How did they get the news?”

Tirste grinned but he did not answer.

———————– Brendel’s/Tamar POV —————

After Freya stayed back in the Silver-Winged cavalry’s camp, Brendel went to the Bruglas market and joined up with Tamar who had been waiting for a long time.

Tamar was supposed to be one of Madara’s infamous person, but right now he wore a strange checkered long robe and stood under the scorching sun, and showed great respect to Brendel when he saw him.

“My lord, the things that you want are ready.” Tamar was carrying a heavy bag and pulled his son as he waited at the sides for Brendel.

His respect to Brendel was not because of his status as a lord, but because he was his savior. His son did not have that same feeling, and he looked at Brendel with admiration because of his status.

“You managed to buy it?” Brendel was surprised as he did not expect a common market within Bruglas to have an authentic Elven alchemist set. He merely asked Tamar to see if they had it, since the alchemist set from Ampere Seale could also be used, although the requirements were just barely met.

“I managed to rent it from the local alchemist guild, and they want twenty Tor coins.”

Even though Tamar said that, his heart felt it was difficult to accept.

[There is really no need to use such special equipment. Even when I was within the nobles’ parliament, I used second hand alchemist equipment. This lord is good at everything, but he’s spending too much money.]

Brendel rubbed his forehead. He had forgotten about this matter, but it was good to actually procure it, especially when he would not lack money once his plans were executed.

He had his own plans that were different from Tamar’s thoughts.

[A poisoned dagger steeped in the poisonous sap from a Demon Tree (15 oz), a cursed crossbow (32 oz). Even though I have some fundamental strength, I need some killing trump cards that I can used in the shadows. The dagger can be sold to the nobles thanks to the undetectable nature of the poison. The signs for the poison is similar to a sudden illness, and it’s the best way to scheme against anyone who’s below the Iron-ranked stats.

And the cursed crossbow is something that’s needed to kill a low-class character. There’s a certain percentage to cause debuffs like Weakening, Damage Intake and other various debilitation effects. Higher-level characters find it easier to resist it, but anyone below the Silver-ranked level would easily display the effects. Luckily, the problem of getting all the rare materials like a soul of a high-ranked necromancer, is solved thanks to the fights outside Fortress Riedon.

It’s a hassle to make it because I need at least Rank 8 in Alchemy, but with the equipment and Tamar’s help, that’s +3 in total. I can make the equipment that I need.]

TL: As usual, if there are any Engrish mistakes, please inform me. I’ll take a look at editing this later on, this version should be considered a raw TL without proofreading.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 37




TL: Well I’m basically tired as heck. This news update is a bit long, bear with me please.

To be honest I have been sick for nearly a month and I am still coughing even now (which is part of the reason why I had to cut my TLed chapters to 1 or nearly 0 per week), and I don’t see myself getting well anytime soon, stupid persistent cough.

Moving on to the TL issue, so I’m going to see how much I can TL today, kinda depends on how bad my cough is. These particular updates are exclusive from the donated chapters, meaning it’s kind of like me catching up on my usual release pace. I’m able to do this because two of my assignments have been given 1 more week extension to the deadline, which I’m going to take 1 day off as my break (which is today) and just do whatever I want.

As for the donated chapters, yes it’s accumulating _

PS: In other news, I received a free sketch (I requested Horo from Spice and Wolf) from my lecturer which honestly made me smile for the entire afternoon. I’m surprised at how delighted I am for some reason, haha.

TL: I think I have four TAS chapters and two TSTBGAM. They haven’t gone through proofreading and I’ll take a look at them tomorrow for Engrish mistakes. For now I’m going to play a visual novel that involve fox ears.

Chapter 37 – Brendel’s preparation (2)

Brendel lined up eleven daggers that were intricately crafted side by side. He then used a silver hammer to break the crystals that were harvested from the Rotten Beast and threw the fragments into the golden liquid inside the alchemy pot. He turned his head back and asked:

“Tamar, why don’t you give it a try?”





“Me?” The middle-aged man was momentarily surprised, but he immediately showed enthusiasm on his face. The future grandmaster alchemist might be reticent during normal times, but when the topic is about alchemy, he could not help but talk about it excitedly. Now that he had the chance to try it for himself, he would definitely take it.

He might have been an alchemist who worked at the parliament, but he was typically tasked to do only minor things like refinement for the materials, as the nobles themselves had their personal alchemist and typically would not give away any of their secrets.

This was the first time that Tamar had the chance to create a magical artifact all by himself, and he gulped when he saw the Elven daggers. Brendel chuckled and gave a nod.

[Tamar’s alchemy skills are going up very quickly. When I first saw him, his alchemy skills were approximately Rank 3, and now he’s Rank 5. At this pace, he’s going to surpass me and become a true master alchemist. This is really innate talent.]

The reason why Tamar advanced so quickly was because Brendel had passed the refinement of high grade materials to Tamar, and allowed him to improve quickly.

However, Tamar seemed to look like he did not realize his talents, and when Brendel tried to recruit him for thirty thousand gold per year, he actually requested to reduce the amount of gold to a mere sixth of Brendel’s proposal.

[A grand alchemist for an annuity of 5000 gold, even close relatives wouldn’t give such a rate. Well, most of these alchemist tend not to break their contract, and in the future I should have the capabilities to keep him even if he requests for more money. Due to his abilities, I must keep him.]

“Alright, I’ll give it a try.” Tamar said with confidence.

The room turned quiet, and Brendel moved to the bookshelves and randomly picked a history book about noble lineage. He had been reading such books for the past few days, and his knowledge about the nobles and sigils have gone up, increasing his Scholar Rank to Rank 11.

With the additional TP, he raised his Militiary Swordsmanship to Rank 7 (6+1), Emergency First Aid to Rank 4, White Raven Sword Arte to Rank 2, and took on the proficiency skills for the profession Mercenary, as well as Stealth and Barkskin.

The Weapon Proficiency skill was a core ability of the professions ‘Warrior’ and ‘Mercenary’. There was only one rank for this skill, but it allowed Brendel to use all related weapons for his profession.

[It’s fortunate that I got to have a profession like Mercenary. If I was to actually spend TP on proficiency in weapons because I’m a militia, I’m going to waste thousands of TP of improving them. But at the same time, there’s a limit to specializing in certain weapons. Other than that, the stealth trait comes from the Nightingale profession, while Barkskin comes from druids. The Barkskin ability is especially good since it adds 50% natural armor once per day. This combination is something I used in the past as well.]

These two unique abilities from other professions could only be taught within Bruglas’s Royal Geography Institute, and Brendel made sure to learn them as the chances to acquire such skills were rare.





[Hundreds of TP are gone so quickly. Technically speaking, repeated usage is also a way to level up skills, but it takes way too much time. I have gone through a considerable amount of fights for the past few weeks, but my swordsmanship has not even reach 6+2…]

Brendel had not turned over many pages of the book in his hand, but Tamar had already finished with his task. Tamar brought a single dagger as if he was a child showing off his toy:

“My lord, they are done!”

“That fast?” Brendel stole a glance at the hourglass at the side, and the sand in it had only gone down by a third. “Are there any failures?”

“No.” Tamar shook his head.

Brendel took a deep breath. It was rare to see someone who had no failures at all, and the failure rates within the game for newcomers were nearly 50%. He took the dagger and inspected it with the Window Stats.

[1-4 Damage, + 1-1 poison, Dagger Steeped in Demon Tree’s poison. The name of the dagger changed, as well as the rarity. It was originally ‘White Rank’, but now it’s ‘Iron Rank’.]

Brendel got up and placed the dagger back onto the table. He thought for a while and decided that their worth to be around two thousand gold. It was not something that was exceptionally special and only suited for low-ranking nobles or adventurers. Upper ranking nobles had their own personal alchemist and a blade like this would not interest them.

[A total of twenty thousand Tor coins, even if I sell them all. That’s not enough for Little Romaine.]

He took out the High Grade Crystal that he got from the Golden Demonic Tree and a Dwarven Short Sword.

“The next equipment is going to be a little difficult. Let’s do it together this time, Tamar.”

“Together?” Tamar was a little puzzled when he heard Brendel said that. Alchemists worked alone to avoid any mana interference from each other.

But Brendel did not have that same concern. He started to use a chalk to draw a circle formation and added runes and numbers to it. Tamar watched him in wide eyes, recognizing the runes as star constellation used by wizards.

Finally, Brendel raised his head and pointed to the inner circle.

“Tamar, come over here.”

But Tamar looked on in a daze and asked: “My lord, is this the Loop Ritual?”

“Loop Ritual?”

“I heard that only wizards in Buga had this mysterious skill, where someone who’s standing on the primary star constellation would be able to borrow many people’s power to create a magic or alchemy ritual. My lord, is this…?”

“Something like that. This is a simplified version for 16 people. If there’s a chance I’ll draw a complete version for sixty four people and how it to you.” Brendel nodded. This skill was something that every gamer in his world needed to have, but Tamar saw it like it was an incredible feat.

Fire seemed to flare in Tamar’s eyes as he nodded forcefully and rushed to stand within the formation, as if he could not wait to see the power of the ritual without any more delay.





Brendel inspected the blade in his hand. The short sword was intricately crafted by the dwarves,with the surface of the blade hammered with Earthern Mana into it, with the tip of the blade in a wavy form. He ran his fingers through the sword to check something.

[A type of sharpening magic. But it’s good that this magic shouldn’t have any conflicts with the things I’m about to do next.]

He carefully picked up a golden chisel and knocked it into the sword to create a hole.

“Ah!” Batum suddenly yelled.

“What the fuck are you yelling for Batum!” Brendel nearly chipped off the magic from the sword, but his hands were steady enough to avoid ruining the sword that was worth fifteen hundred Tor coins.

[Shit, if I screwed that up, I won’t have enough funds to buy a second one.]

Batum knew that he had made a huge mistake and he chose wisely to not answer anything. His heart was bleeding inwardly when he saw his lord making another hole in the sword. He felt like a hole had been knocked into his heart.

But Brendel ignored him and placed the Tree Crystals into the hole and nodded to Tamar. Both of them started to carve sigils onto both sides of the sword. After working on it for thirty minutes, they finally made a new magic weapon.

Brendel picked up the sword and flourished it, sending dancing lights throughout the room with the sigils. He then checked it with the stats window, and confirmed there was a +3-3 poison behind the stats. It was comparable to the ordinary damage of the Thorn of Light, and this sword could be placed in the Bronze rank. It definitely had no problem for selling at a price of one hundred thousand Tor coins, and might even interest some high ranking knights.

Brendel wiped his perspiration off. This was the first time he crafted a magical equipment above 15 OZ, and he felt tired from writing fourteen stacks of sigils. The result was spectacular, however. The sword was perfectly created and he felt like his skill was about to get a +1 behind it.





[Except that I’m a fake noble. Unless I get a real identity confirming of myself as a noble, my skills won’t surpass Rank 5… otherwise I’m most likely at Rank 6 by now (5+1).]

As he thought to himself, he saw Tamar looking like he was still excited to do more as his eyes were glittering.

“My lord, I feel like I have come to a revelation. If I’m not mistaken, it’s just a matter of time for me to create higher grade sigils and formations.”

“That’s a good thing.”

Brendel patted Tamar’s shoulders and was inwardly happy.

[If Tamar reaches Rank 10, he can start to make Dragon Slaying Arrows (40oz), that’s a good thing.]



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 38




TL: More coming. As a warning the chapters are TLed within a day, so mistakes are expected.

Chapter 38 – The Cripple

Brendel knew that Tamar had reached Rank 6 in alchemy, so he left the creation of a Cursed Crossbow to him. He collected the poisoned daggers and the Dwarven Longsword, and called out to Batum to prepare to go to the Black Pepper Street to meet up with that particular cripple.

He had wanted to meet with the cripple called ‘Roen’ for quite some time already, especially when he wanted to know if there was an extra mission regarding about the Ring of The Wind Empress. Besides that mission, he had also heard that the cripple had contacts with the black market and the likes, so it was something that he wanted to the cripple to introduce him a place where he could auction his goods.

[I’m not seeing Romaine… Looks like she’s off to do some ‘adventuring’ in some unknown places again.]





Both of them left the house with long robes. Brendel adjusted his hood in order to hide his face better, but Batum suddenly spoke behind him.

“My lord, I have thought about this for quite some time, but I think your plans are not good enough.”

“Why?” Brendel adjusted the Elven sword under the long robe before turning back to ask.

“The refugees that saw us were plenty, and even though you requested them to keep the secrets to themselves, you cannot guarantee that they are going to follow your words.” Batum carefully tuck his beard inside the hood and watched the streets, whispering.

“This was never a secret to the ones who wanted to get to the bottom of the truth, but the nobles desire a result that doesn’t harm their status. If I don’t stand out, they are even more delighted to accept this version,” Brendel thought for a while and answered. “And I need to stay unnoticed for a certain period of time, Batum.”

“But I still feel that we should have kept the refugees who saw you.”

Brendel finally understood Batum’s true motive and he laughed. He shook his head.

“We would stand out too much if we recruit these refugees in the open. Furthermore, these people might not be willing to follow us. Know this Batum, humans would seek to grasp at the wheat offered to them during desperate times, but they would not hold on to them every single moment.”

Batum nodded, but his mind disagreed. He had observed Brendel for quite some time from the sides, and knew that his ambition was big, so he wanted to aid him by going for moves that aided in growing his power.

But Brendel’s current concern was not about power, it was about the Unifying Guild. He was certain there was no one who could point to him for the murder of the fake earl, but gaining exemplary results here might invite suspicion to himself.

[Well the only ones who have an idea about what I did are Freya and Romaine… The greatest cover is my own level as an Iron-rank. Once I grow strong enough, the Unifying Guild is still people who lurk in the shadows and not an army.]

The Black Pepper street is one of the largest street in the impoverished areas within Bruglas.





This was not truly Brendel’s first time in this area, but the rats that ran openly in the streets, combined with the summer’s heat and horrid vapors of rotten odors still made him unused to this place. Batum on the other hand looked like he had found home. A mercenary like him was a frequent patron of this place, where there were sleazy bounty hunters, thieves, illegal merchants as well as low level prostitutes. It was as if this place had the stench of evil and sin.

But within this place, there were also scenes where people treated others sincerely.

Brendel was not able to criticize this place, and he did not want to anyway. He watched the children with dirty and tattered clothes carefully avoiding him from the sides, then hid themselves with greedy looks in his directions. There seemed to be gazes with ill intentions casting in his direction, so he raised his guard.

They continued walking and finally stopped at a old wooden house. Brendel raised his head and looked at the triangular carving on the ceiling, and confirmed that it was Roen’s house, and then knocked on his door—

Three loud bangs echoed within, with the door creaking as if it was going to split apart any time. Dust could be seen scattering from the door as well.

Batum frowned when he looked at this place.

“I can hardly imagine there is anyone living in this place. I have seen many poor people’s dwelling, but I have never seen a place like this that’s so dilapidated. This place can already be compared to living in a cave and—”

The mercenary stopped talking and swallowed his words, when the door suddenly opened. A venomous pair of eyes laid upon Batum for a moment before it went to Brendel, and a raspy voice could be heard from the horse.

“Brendel? When did you come from Bucce? Wait, you’re actually not dead, that’s definitely out of my expectations!”

“Does it benefit if I died, cripple?”

Brendel answered coldly. He looked at the balding old man who chuckled in a low voice twice, before looking at the two of them with his cloudy green eyes again.

“What brings you here, Brendel? Have you gotten rich? Or have you sent me a new customer?”

The previous Brendel had pawned several of his personal things at Roen’s place and therefore became linked to this malicious person. But what he did not understand was how Roen came to know about the painting in his old grandfather’s house.

Brendel glared at him with an intense expression, and the cripple recoiled backwards.

“You……. seem to be a little different, Brendel.” The old man hesitated.





“Anyone would change after they have been through enough ordeals.” Brendel gave a reply, but he did not want to waste anymore time so he went for his main question: “Do you still want the painting that my grandfather had?”

The cripple’s slanty shaped eyes immediately brightened: “Of course, of course, why, did you bring it here?”

But Roen immediately felt a cold blade placed on his neck. The greedy and scheming bastard who charged high interest loan rates and wrecked homes immediately fell to the floor with his weakened knees.

“I don’t have any patience for this. Tell me if my grandfather’s painting was stolen by your men.” Brendel glared at him as if he was going to kill him right away.

Batum turned back and saw several men flinching when they noticed his face. He picked up several rocks and hit them squarely, causing them to squeal in pain and run away, before he gestured to Brendel to inform him he was going to go after them.

Roen lost his confidence when he saw this scene unfold before his eyes, and he immediately shouted in a shrill voice: “Brendel, please listen to me, it was not me, I don’t have the galls to offend…….”

He suddenly felt he had made a mistake, and he quickly changed his words: “Brendel, you know me right, I might be unscrupulous but I wouldn’t spoil my own rules.”

Brendel watched the corner of the bastard’s eyes quiver, and knew that he had already recovered from his fear. He could not kill him here so he pulled back his sword with disappointment.

“I’ll accept your explanation, so I’ll talk about another deal instead.”

“Another deal? Brendel, I might not be able to receive your deals if they are of the same nature.” Roen rubbed his neck as if to check if it was still there.

“Hmph, that painting is gone. If my father wants my life for it, I’ll be using yours as a substitute.” Brendel threatened him with half-truths.

“I got it, I got it, I’ll find out news about this for your painting.” His mind was working quickly to guess who had the audacity to steal that particular item.

Roen looked at Brendel’s hand and saw that he did not wear anything on his fingers. He thought for a while before he spoke again. “Speaking of your father, I’m certain that your family is looking for you, are you not going to go back?”

“Not for the moment. Perhaps when I find the things that I need.” Brendel was actually afraid that his troubles would follow him back to his family, so he decided to separate from them.

[This is a particular problem. My memories from the other soul is affecting me and I want to see my family in this world… But that’s going to be impossible for a long time.]

“Very well.” Roen seemed to confirm that Brendel was not looking for any more trouble and continued with the topic. “What manner of business do you have in mind?”

“I need money urgently, and I have quality goods that I can sell. But if you think of double-crossing me, cripple, mark my words, I am no longer the same old Brendel.”

Brendel agreed with Leto’s advice to first threaten Roen before dealing with him, as the cripple drew back his neck timidly.

“Don’t worry. I won’t find fault with the things that I pawned to you in the past, but if you pull any tricks this time round, you had better wash your neck.” Brendel threw a pouch of coins beside the cripple’s feet: “I only need your recommendation and the coins here are yours if you help me with two other things.”

“Yes, yes, go ahead and tell me.”

“The first thing. I want you to help me find a woman who is about thirty years old, with purple hair and eyes. Find her within one week, and if you have any news, go to Bruglas’s market and find me there.”

Roen quickly nodded and thought for a while before shaking his head, letting it show that he had not heard of such a person before.

Brendel did not expect him to have news of her immediately, so he spoke of the second matter. “The second thing I need you to help with me is to find a noble called ‘Berg Nesson’ who stayed in this place before. You’re the most famous local scoundrel in Bruglas, surely you have heard of a fallen noble like him right?





The cripple hesitated for a while when he heard the name.

“I have heard of him before, but he had disappeared a few years back.”

“That is fine, I am looking for his wife or daughter. Where are they staying now?”

“His wife had already passed away two years ago, but I know of his daughter. She stays in a place that’s not far from here. Is she your relative?” The cripple asked in curiosity.

But this query immediately lured the Elven sword to dance in front of his eyes, before the sword went back to his sheathe. Brendel cast a side glance at him. “Do you want to know?”

“No, no, there’s no need to, I’ll tell you how to reach her place—” The cripple immediately shook his head.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 39




TL: 1 more TAS coming after this.



Chapter 39 – Amandina

[I’m surprised that Berg Nesson’s wife has died. Does this mean that the reward given is by the daughter instead? Certain nobles’ lineage go a long way back, so it’s possible that a good reward might be given out here. In any case, it looks like my only hope is on the daughter.]

Roen had given details on the daughter. Her name was Amandina, and she stayed alone at the northern Greyrat street, which was just next to the Black Pepper street. She stayed within her home most of the time and hardly went out. Even though it was strange that she lived all by herself without any contacts, she was still a noble and under the strict hierarchy in Aouine, common men would not think of intruding her home.

[Roen’s information is most likely accurate. This isn’t a common sight for nobles, but at the same time something like this does occur in the game.]





However, to ensure that Roen gave accurate information, Brendel simply took out his sword and placed it over Roen’s neck and told him to lead the way. With Batum’s aid in dismissing the shady youths hired by Roen around his home, the three of them left for the noble’s house without any further incidents.

When the three of them reached the next street, it was nearly evening. The amber sunlight shone across the buildings at one end of the street, and long shadows were cast across the other row of buildings. Because there was no one who to light the oil lamps at the sides, the buildings were shrouded in darkness. Brendel walked briskly into this silent part of the street, his long robes sweeping across the pebbles and lifting the fallen leaves due to the small breeze caused by his movements.

Batum walked closely behind him, thoroughly checking the dark corners of the street. He fiddled with his beard for a while before frowning: “This place wasn’t like this when I came here a few years ago.”

The Greyrat street was near the old nobles’ parliament and the Cavalry avenue. It was once a busy street and considered an area where rich people gathered, but after the city had gone under upgrades and moved the prime hub elsewhere, the street had became even more desolate than the Black Pepper street.

[Even if if was because this street here did not have any adventurers, mercenaries or prostitutes lingering here, this place should not be so desolate…]

Brendel sniffed at the dusty air and he suddenly recalled something.

“It’s probably due to the underground grave here.”

“Indeed.” Roen’s smile was a little forced. The blade on his neck made him feel very uncomfortable. “My lord, you might not know this, but there was a strange event about two years ago. A group of of two high ranking monks and one priest from the Haviar Church went missing after they entered the grave, and this city was shaken by this incident back then.”

“And? Did the Holy Church went to Nakkin and caused trouble? If you tell me they did not, I won’t believe you.” Batum said.





“Of course not, under the pressure of the church, he sent a group of Silver Winged Cavalry to investigate the incident. The group was attacked by monsters and there was only one survivor left who went crazy.”

“Madness.” Batum muttered to himself.

Roen led them to an old staircase. After they reached the end of the flight of stairs, they found an old mansion before them and entered in. The wooden floor creaked and trembled under their weight as if it had serious breathing problems and was about to fall apart any time.

Brendel stopped when he saw this. He tore apart the spider webs with his sword and asked in suspicion.

“What place is this, you stupid cripple? If I recall correctly Berg Nesson’s family status hasn’t fallen to this state yet, even if he went missing for years.” He coughed in bits as he spoke.

“His daughter has moved out of her own house a year ago. It seems that she had been cheated out of her money.”

“A gullible female noble.” Batum added his input.

Brendel was silent as he watched Roen.

In the end, Roen led them to a door in the corner within the abandoned mansion. Brendel kept his sword away and knocked on the door. He almost certain that Roen was lying again, until he heard a serious bout of coughing noise behind the door. A soft voice came from behind it.

“Who is it?”

Brendel paused for a moment before he turned to Roen and asked: “Is she unwell?”

“I have no knowledge of that.” He shook his head.

Brendel was silent for a few seconds before he spoke again: “Miss Amandina? I’m a friend of your father, Berg Nesson, I have a few things from him to give to you.” (TL: Seriously? That’s a terrible opening line, sounds like some random evil person preparing to pounce on the noble girl…)

There was silence behind the door for a while, before the girl spoke again in her weak voice: “What is it?”

“His letter.”

There was the sound of a chair being pushed back behind the door and an even longer silence, as if to hesitate. Finally there were footsteps and light coughing noises that appeared closer to the door. The voice made behind the door was clearer and Brendel could hear that the owner was a young woman. Her voice seemed to have some form of expectations within it.

“I’m sorry, but could you push the letter below the door?”

Brendel looked at the gap below the door.





[Well, at least her guard is working well. Considering that she’s living all by herself for years, it’s understandable.]

“I understand.”

“Thank you.”

Brendel pushed the letter through the door, and it was taken away with sounds of the letter being opened. It was another bout of long silence, and when Brendel started to think that something was very wrong, the door suddenly opened with a long creak.

Behind the door was a young woman in a pale night dress.

Her thin hands were on the door and she appeared to be slightly out of breath, but her expression could be considered as calm. She was not very tall, and only reached the height of Brendel’s chest. Her long black hair flowed all the way back to her waist, and her black irides were upon the three person outside her house, appearing a little tense.

“My father…?” Her eyes finally stopped on Brendel.

He nodded.

The girl’s long eyelashes lowered.

There was a short moment of hushed silence before she spoke again.

“I had already thought something like this might have happened. That is just as well, my parents are at least together now. I think I will feel at least better that way.”

[A good reaction. Unlike some of the weak noble ladies out there, she’s not half as ignorant or stupid like them. Judging from her room…… There’s really nothing much here. It’s an old bed with just some run-down furniture, along with a few candles here that’s half burned and some scattered papers and books. That’s all she has. Her conditions are just as bad as the mansion looked. The only thing that’s interesting about her is how she might be a sage.]

“My condolences, Miss Amandina.” Brendel said.

The girl raised her head and looked at him. She coughed twice before speaking.

“Did you want to ask about the promised reward from my father’s letter?”

Batum and Roen were confused over how the conversation changed into different directions.

“…… Yes.” Brendel felt reluctant to respond for a while, but he decided to treat this event like a mission within the game.

[There shouldn’t be any need to feel ashamed about this matter. It’s good to try and get a reward out of this, it’s all for the sake of saving Aouine. Really.]

But Amandina folded the letter and the bridge between her eyes seemed to narrow: “It is unfortunate, but I have never heard of my mother mentioning such a place in this letter before.”

“Ahh, so it’s a debt—” The cripple finally understood what was going on, and he was much more spirited when this particular event was related to his job: “Brendel, leave this job to me.”

He spoke in a shrill voice and checked Brendel’s expression closely. He was certain that the naive little brat had turned into someone of importance, especially when he looked at the giant mercenary following him. With his years of experience, he determined that the man was considerably strong when he compared him to the nobles’ guards that he knew.





Even though he did not know why the mercenary was willing to work for Brendel, he was careful not to displease Brendel.

“There’s no need for that, cripple.” Brendel flatly refused his good intentions with a wave of his hand.

“It’s as natural as the rain falling down from the sky to pay your debts.” The cripple still did not cease talking, until he saw that Brendel’s fingers were on his sword, before he shrank backwards and muttered to himself: “There are rules in society, rules in society……”

Brendel looked at the girl’s clear eyes. She looked a little worried about her situation about she did not appear to be intentionally lying. Brendel was a little upset to just leave like that and he frowned. But no matter how he looked at the situation, he could not do anything about it, and finally he gave a smile: “No, that’s fine. It was something trivial anyway.”

[It’s ridiculous to push her anymore than this. She lost her parents and she had fallen to poverty, her life is literally in the gutters, what else do I want from her? I’m sure this damned cripple had his ways to squeeze money out from her, but I’m not going to accept have that option. If Little Romaine or even Freya finds out that this ever happened…]

But the girl suddenly stopped him from leaving. She coughed and shook her at the same time, struggling to steady her body.

“Ser Brendel, I am not asking to renege the agreement in the letter.”



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 40




TL: Two TGTBGAM coming up shortly. I should TL 1 more TAS chapter tomorrow as the regular update.

Chapter 40 – Magicite

The girl’s reply stopped everyone, and they looked back at her. Amandina looked at the young man and spoke softly.

“Ser, please be at ease. I will fulfill the agreement in the letter with my personal thanks as well.”

Brendel was a little surprised at her determined and even confident expression.

[No matter how I look at her situation, she can’t pay any significant amount of gold, but is it because of her pride that she wants to fulfill the agreement? This situation is going further away from gaming common sense…]

“How do you intend to do that, lass?” Batum looked at her from top to bottom, with the usual unrefined tone with deliberate quips from his mercenary ways: “Even though you’re considered a fine looking girl, but my lord already has a fiance.”

Anger found its way into Amandina’s eyes and cheeks when she heard that. She looked at Brendel with flushed cheeks due to anger, and Brendel saw disappointment in her eyes. She opened the drawer next to the table and retrieved a big scroll. She stopped for a while before she finally passed the papers to Brendel: “I believe the value in these papers are no less than what you expect, Ser Brendel.”





“What is this?” He asked as he took the scroll.

“My research.” She looked a little uneasy when she said these words, but she appeared confident again.

The cripple snorted derisively, and Batum poked him from behind and whispered: “How much gold do you think the girl owes my lord?”

Roen turned back and looked blankly at Batum. Even though the hood covered his face, he could clearly see the red knotted beard.

“You don’t know?”

“Of course I don’t? How should I know about these things?”

“I thought you knew. Let’s see, even a poor noble like Berg should have an annuity of two thousand coins. Calculating it… Well, it’s around a hundred thousand Tor coins. It’s not a huge sum of money, but it’s no paltry sum either.”

“That is indeed a considerable sum.” Batum nodded. “Do you mean to say that the papers in my lord’s hands are worth a hundred thousand coins?”

“I did not say anything like that. If it’s something that comes from a famous painter, well, fetching a few million coins isn’t surprising. But that little girl had already said it’s her research. I’ll be honest with you, I don’t think it’s worth anything that much, otherwise this little girl wouldn’t need to stay in this place already.”

“You’re really a nasty piece of work.”

“That’s a logical conclusion, Ser Batum.”





Amandina clenched her fists when she overheard their conversation.

Brendel did not stop their talk as he was engrossed in checking out the scroll with one hand. He was a little puzzled over it as it felt quite heavy in his hand.

[Paintings? Old Magic? Or some lore copied from old books? The quality of the scroll is quite bad, but there’s some considerable weight to it.]

“Can I take a look at the contents of these papers?” Brendel asked.

“They are already yours.”

Brendel nodded and carefully unfolded it. It was a complicated array of lines that formed into some form of machine. The multiple patterns and arrays were carefully written all over the scroll, along with detailed explanation with the girl’s elegant handwriting. His heartbeats quickly increased when he saw the contents of the scroll, and comprehension dawned on his face while he rolled the scroll back up.

It was the earliest blueprint for creating a machine that moved mana.

[The overall concept in this design can be considered as crude or terrible… But… I see… so this is how it is… Back then in the game, the guild ‘Origin’ got the original blueprints for producing this type of machinery and allowed players to gain their own independence.]

Brendel did not expect to encounter the answer to be like this. He did not expect the girl to have anything to do with the top ten questions in ‘The Amber Sword’, and he was genuinely surprised at the outcome.

“The guild leader did not infiltrate an empire or the likes, he simply completed this one-time secret mission…”

Brendel used all his will to keep his face from changing. The scroll in his hands meant that it was enough to change the world greatly.





Owning a third type of power in this world.

The first type of power was ‘Elements’. Fire, wind, water, earth, space, time and many others. Physical examples existed as well. Professions like warriors, Elementalists, wizards, and many powerful classes have different qualities, but they share a common measuring unit called ‘Oauth’.

The power of Elements are typically hidden in one’s body, until the power in them crossed 500 OZ. Under the Holy Church of Fire description, people who crossed 500 OZ had ‘Enlightened Elements’ in them. From that moment onwards, these people would be crowned as ‘Holy knights’. (TL: Okay. You know those recent modern games like to ‘simplify’ things by reducing the amount of buttons/commands right? Everything press ‘F’ to jump/dodge/hit/execute/whatever? Apparently OZ does the same thing here. If I TLed anything wrongly, well…)

This was a long journey and even impossible for many to go through. The majority of the population are born with just 0.3 OZ, and would be unable to surpass that 500 OZ limit. However, there were people who blessed and simply had the talent to surpass the limits, therefore they were called ‘The Chosen beings’.

The second type of power did not belong to humans. They were called as the ‘Power of the Gods’, and more exactly the power of faith.

The Gods were split into two factions, Ximar and Einkar. Ximar was humble while Einkar was arrogant. They governed the laws of the stars and magic, and there were called as gods. Their presence supported this world, and though they did not need the worship of the beings in this world, they had answered their prayers through their faith.

This response was called the ‘Power of the Gods’. The source of the powers from the priests were from their will, taking care of their children from high above. And because of that, many different religious factions argued constantly, speaking of misinterpreted instructions or expressing their reluctance to change the world from the signs of the gods.

The third power, was the power of wisdom, and the power that mortals had to change the world.

The so called machine in Brendel’s hands was also called ‘Magicite’. Under the artificial (machine) design, revolution to move the energy in the Element crystals, either to power a magic weapon or floating city. This was originally the creation of the craftsmen in Buga, but the various empires soon took hold of this secret.

This new power that mortals created changed the entire chessboard in this world. They started off with production which led to a new industrial revolution, and the struggle to gain for resources created new factions and powers. The records started from one hundred years ago, and the Holy War lasted for ten over years, of which the November War was most infamous for.

[I now hold the blueprints of a ‘Magicite’… Even though it is lacking in many ways and even considered behind the empire’s technology by thirty years, this is the true secret that gamers thought they would never get. In ‘The Amber Sword’, the magicite called ‘Star Constellation’ was created twenty years into the game and is the same design that this scroll has.]

Brendel took a deep breath and asked: “You designed this?”

Amandina’s expression was originally tense but she was taken aback when she heard the question.

“Y-you understand it?”

She had gotten all her knowledge from books, and spent long hours into designing the machine. Even though her teachers told her that her talent was there, her success might be limited if she continued to go on this path. Even so, she put all her time and money into this road, selling her family properties and almost got cheated by a deceptive merchant. If her status as a noble did not protect her, she would have become a plaything of someone else.

But she did not give up and believed that she had found a way to create a ‘Magicite’. She had created this version with a fatal flaw that it required too much materials to create a single ‘Magicite’. Despite that, she believed her designs were valuable enough, and was prepared to face Brendel’s sarcasm.

Except she did not expect him to take her seriously.

[He understands my work?]

“It’s very rough, but at least it’s a completed version.”

“No, no, Ser Brendel, you don’t understand this,” The girl coughed because she spoke too quickly: “This design is only half completed, the input and output cannot be seen as a good ratio—”





“What? You dare to use a half completed blueprint to pay for your debts!” The cripple immediately jumped when he heard that.

Brendel gestured to Batum to stop Roen from making any more noise, then looked at Amandina and said earnestly.

“This is fine. In my eyes, this is a transaction that is worth even more than I expected, and you fulfilled your promise.”

Brendel did not lie and it certainly exceeded his expectations compared to gaining Berg’s treasures.

The young girl’s eyes went wide with surprise.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 41




TL: Darn. Think I lost some of my glossary notes because I forgot to save.

Anyway, I grossly underestimated on the things I needed to draw and I need to rework my schedule again. This ch is supposed to be the regular update for last week. Next update should be on the weekends. And I still haven’t got the time to edit my chapters… but I’m pretty sure you guys want to see more content instead, so I’ll be pushing it back again.

Edit: There’s a name change in this chapter. Foltest Tirste due to future text indication. So there’s no more Foltest here.

[Read more…]

Chapter 41

“Then I will take my leave.” Brendel rolled up the scroll, but he was stole a glance at the girl again. Amandina’s current situation and her future made him a little sorry for her. He hesitated for a while before asking: “…… Do you have anything that you need help with?”

Amandina shook her head.

“No thank you. I am grateful for the news about my father, Ser Brendel.” She held against the door and replied, coughing twice.

[She’s such a stubborn girl, but at least she’s confident that she can take care of herself. Right now I’m not a good position to truly help as well because of my financial situation. At the very least, I need to sell these equipment at the auction that Roen is going to introduce…..]





Right when he was about to step out of the door, he heard chaotic footsteps going up the mansion’s staircase, and the group looked over to the direction of the staircase. Batum reached his sword with his hand under the robe.

“Seven, no, eight.”

“There’s no need to be tense here, we’re in Bruglas.” Brendel stopped Batum and stared at the direction of the staircase. A few moments after he finished speaking, there was a series of curses that came from below.

“Fuck, I really don’t want to come to this godforsaken place. We’re going to waste our time again since that bitch is so stubborn.”

“Shhh, all these noble ladies are the same. They act all arrogant and elegant, but once you threaten them a little, they would be shivering like little lambs and will do whatever we tell them to do. She will definitely hand over that thing.

“In any case, that respected noble had already said it is fine even if we finished her off. She’s just a fallen noble. If we don’t rough her up a little, she probably won’t even take us seriously.”

“Are you a moron? Can you trust anything a noble’s words? Their tongues are even sweeter than the devil’s—”

The group of men were arguing when they appeared from the corner of the corridor. There were precisely eight of them wearing the city’s security guards light grey uniform which were brand new. They did not expect anyone in the corridor, and almost everyone amongst them showed surprise in their faces.

Their first glance landed on Amandina, then on Brendel and Batum, and finally on the cripple at the very back.

“It’s you! Cripple, what are you doing here?” The leader frowned and asked.

Brendel stopped the cripple from going forward and turned his head back and asked: “Who are they?”

“The scoundrels in Hood’s avenue. I didn’t think these dogs would look like reasonable human beings wearing leather equipment, especially when I just saw them looking like scum a few days ago.”

The cripple glared at their city guards’ uniform. It appeared he was on terrible terms with them.

“Fuck. This dog just keeps on barking.” One of them cursed out loudly.





They were slightly confused at Brendel’s action. He had proven to be the leader amongst the three people there, but the cripple in the Black Pepper Street was well known to be independent, and yet he was here with two strange men. They were unable to guess the relationship between them.

It became even more troublesome because they were together with the fallen noble’s daughter.

“The few of you are?” The leader of the ruffians decided to test the waters after considering for a while.

Brendel looked at him for a moment before ignoring him. He turned his back to find Amandina grabbing the door frame tightly, her knuckles white. She was lowering her head, and while she did not speak, her small actions made him realize she was afraid and panicking inside. After a few moments, he spoke.

“Are they here to find trouble?”

Amandina nodded.

“What is the issue?”

“They said that my father owes their master money.”

“Is your father a gambler, why does he owe everyone money…” The cripple muttered to himself, but he saw that the girl’s incensed eyes were on him, he stopped talking due to fright.

“Did your father owe them money?” Brendel asked.

Amandina shook her head with a deep frown: “My father would never associate himself with these people.”

Brendel finally looked at the ruffians and asked: “Then who are you?”

His voice was calm and forceful. The leader of the ruffians gulped when he felt the authority within Brendel’s voice. Brendel’s appearance was partially covered by his hood and his age was unclear, but his voice was definitely young. Even so, the leader of the ruffians thought that he was a young noble with a strong backing behind him from his attitude. He disregarded Brendel’s forceful tone which could be perceived as rude and spoke carefully.

“We’re the city guards under Lord Harde. I’m the ‘Night Owl’ Joe, and these are my brothers-in-arms. We’re…. under the request of Lord Tirste to collect a debt.”

“When did the city guards become in charge of debt collection?” Batum folded his arms and snorted in laughter.

The eight men looked like they got stuck in two places. They were just ruffians a few days ago before they got recruited, and they had never seen any complicated politics in their life. They did not know how to react in front of this secretive young man, but they were also under orders to collect on the debt, so they looked at each other in confusion.

The leader who spoke wanted to slap himself for that mistake he made. He did not expect for that man to retort with a valid argument.

But there was at least one who was smart enough to grumble loudly: “It’s only fair to pay back your debts right.”

“Then who exactly do you want to pay this debt?”





These ‘city guards’ became silent again when Brendel spoke. They looked at each other for some time before the leader of the ruffians spoke in a troubled tone: “It’s the lady behind you called Amandina. Her father owes Lord Tirste a huge sum of money.”

Brendel rubbed his forehead.

[This particular name sounds familiar, but I can’t remember who exactly it is in the game. He probably has a certain amount of fame within the game, but he’s certainly not involved with the main storyline. Hmm, he can be as small as that Golden Apple Lord Esebar, or someone who’s particularly unique for a side mission.]

“Who is Lord Tirste?” Brendel turned around to ask Roen.

“He’s someone who’s about as young as you. He’s the vice captain of the Silver-Winged cavalry and Vicount Megeska’s right hand man. There’s a rumor that he’s the duke’s illegitimate son,” Roen’s face was ugly when he heard the name and whispered back. “Brendel. We musn’t fight with Tirste’s men. You can’t afford to offend him.”

The cripple’s heart was beating quickly and he already started to think how he could run away from the troublesome place here.

[Fuck. It’s fortunate that I did not insult them, otherwise trouble will follow me all the way.]

Brendel grinned when he heard Roen’s tone which sounded like he was insinuating something.

“Cripple, it seems that you really want me to fight with this Tirste that I have not met.”

“N-no, of course not.” Roen laughed in a shrill manner, his voice breaking. He did not expect Brendel to instantly see past his goading remarks.

Brendel glanced at Amandina, only to find that the girl’s face had turned pale when she heard that the duke was Tirste’s father. Even Vicount Megeska was someone who she could not hoped to fight against. If they were to pick a fight with her, she could only wait for her death.

[Vicount Megeska. This is a name I’m familiar with. He might appear to be a loyal military officer to Aouine, but he’s actually a dog of the Unifying Guild. The ‘right hand’ of Megeska, is he someone from the Unifying Guild as well? In any case, he’s not as well known in the game because of his status as an illegitimate son. But what is this situation with Amandina? Even the fight for power with the Royal Crown is done behind closed doors. It’s unlikely that this Tirste doesn’t know about Amandina’s plight, so what’s the reason for pushing her so hard?]

Brendel peeked at Amandina’s face.

[It doesn’t look like it’s some family feud. But being interested in the person herself? … That’s a stronger reason since the nobles sometimes do things like that. But this is a vexing situation. I’m not sure if she’s going to give up, but I don’t want her to end up losing her. The designer of the Magicite is something that I cannot measure with money.]

Brendel did not express his desire to ask her to join his group for two reasons. Asking her to join right now might get her guard up instead, while the second reason was to lower his costs like a businessman by not showing that much interest in her skills.

[It seems like my plans need to change now.]

“Does your father know Tirste?”

Amandina quickly shook her head. She was an intelligent person and thought of the same things that Brendel did. She had never seen Tirste before, but she felt disgust from his actions and looked at Brendel who seemed like he was her best ally.





Her heart was beating quickly and was afraid that he might not help her, but Brendel did not disappoint her.

The young man immediately pulled out his sword when he heard her reply. The gleaming silver Elven sword made the eight men tremble. Pulling out a weapon means that the negotiations had broken down. Still, the leader of the ruffians tried to remedy the situation by clearing his throat and persuade him by asking him to consider the power behind Tirste.

Brendel’s sword had already swung.

A visible ripple blasted above their heads, and a gale suddenly appeared out of nowhere as the wind pressure caused their hair to fly back. A second later, the ceiling above them suddenly cracked loudly and one could see breaks in it extending over five meters.

There was nothing but silence in the dim corridor.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 42




TL: Next Monday is my milestone review from my lecturers, so I’ll be busy with tidying up my stuff. I’ll be TLing one TAS chapter today and you can expect my other series some time next week (probably around next Thursday).

As usual, I haven’t really done any proofreading so you guys have to help me out here.

Chapter 42 – New member

“S-sword arte……” Roen’s face paled immediately, and he stared at Brendel.

[Is this Brendel that young man that I know of? You might have gotten some recognition for your potential in the path of the sword, but possessing the power of an ‘Enlightened Element’ since our meeting half a year ago?!]

Amandina first grabbed the door frame tightly and released it. The sudden scene that happened before her eyes was beyond her imagination and she bit her lips due to her myriad feelings that stirred within her.





[The young man who brought my father’s news was at a rank of a ‘Swordsman of Flowers’… This young master swordsman, is it possible that he’s a ‘Blessed’ person and had the strength of an Iron-ranked fighter since his birth?]

(TL: The specific flower described in Chinese doesn’t really exist in the west, so I just took from Game of Thrones. I can’t think of a better term for 启示者 right now other than ‘Blessed’. Exalted, sacred, revelator all sounds weird to me because the level of these people aren’t powerful enough to use these words. Finally, the rank described by Amandina is the upper tier of the Golden-ranked fighter which is around level 60-70+ where they can use sword artes freely.)

Batum merely folded his arms together without changing his appearance. He took everyone’s reaction in his eyes and laughed inwardly. He had felt the same thing when he first saw his lord display that same skill, and even felt proud to serve someone like him, because Brendel’s abilities did not end there.

As for the ‘City Guards’, they were already weak in the knees. Their lack of imagination had limited their view of Brendel as a noble who had some strong backing behind him in his family, but they recognized the Sword Arte and changed their opinions about him.

Brendel’s sword went back to its sheathe. He had intentionally shown that skill in hopes of making them retreat. He was not even close to a Gold-ranked fighter, but that impression they had of him were already carved into their hearts.

“Did you hear that, this young lady had said her father does not know anything about this Lord Tirste.”

“But……” The leader of the ruffians finally recovered from his shock, and looked at Brendel with a face full of conflict.

Brendel did a hand gesture to Batum behind his back.

“But what, get lost right now!” Batum saw the hand gesture and immediately yelled at them from the sides.

The ruffians exchanged looks at each other. This was a familiar tactic to them, doing something like they did not want to argue about logic. In fact they were also common users of using brute force instead of logic, but standing before them was a young master swordsman who could wiped them out within seconds, not to mention there was another bodyguard with him.





The ruffians were angered by Batum’s approach, but the leader took a deep breath and spoke: “I understand that you, ser noble, is going to interfere in this matter. May I please know, who exactly is going to go against Lord Tirste?”

Brendel’s eyes narrowed.

[Hoh. This man isn’t half bad at all, trying to corner me with words. If I’m a real noble I might have to answer him properly, but I’m not. Heck, I’m even a shameless ‘gamer’ at that. Still, this leader is quite smart, you are attacking me in the open with a scheme for everyone to see and I have to respond.]

He was secretly on his guards because refusing to answer might actually lead the ruffians to suspect of his identity. He grinned inwardly as he took a piece of paper out and folded it.

[Give this thing to your lord. As for my identity, none of you has the right to know who I am.]

The ruffians looked blankly at the paper. But they could not do anything else other than taking the paper and going back where they came from. They glared at the cripple, but they did not speak to him. If they tried to do so, they would be humiliated by Brendel.

Brendel watched the last man leave before turning around to look at Roen. The cripple’s eyes were glittering and Brendel looked at him with inscrutable eyes.

“What are you thinking, Ser Roen?” Brendel said.

Other than Batum, the cripple was the only other person who knew of his real identity. Batum could be trusted, but the wily old fox in front of him could hardly be trusted.

“N-nothing.” Roen immediately denied it.

The aging cripple was bitter in his heart. He did not expect to have so much trouble for being a guide. He would have risked getting injured by Brendel instead of going along if he knew he would offend Lord Tirste. The ‘Night Owl’ definitely remembered him for participating in this affair, and his life in Bruglas was definitely going to be turned upside down.

[Brendel definitely knows that Lord Tirste is going to come after me. I doubt that Brendel is going to trust me, especially when I don’t trust myself. I know that he’s a fake noble… and I might want to divulge that information to Lord Tirste… but…]

Roen took an involuntary glance at Brendel and was certain that the young man would not give him a chance to do so. He did not know what Brendel was going to do. Now that Brendel was a Swordman of Flowers and appeared to be more decisive when he last met him, the cripple felt cold sweat forming behind his back as he started to imagine his future. (TL: Here comes that terrible naming sense again. First it was Sophie, now it’s Swordsman of Flowers, I’m going to see it as comedic relief from now onwards _.)

The more he thought about it, the more frightened he got, and he started trembling.





“B-Brendel, if you kill me, they will suspect your identity.” The cripple stuttered.

“It’s the same if you go missing.” Brendel smiled.

“That’s right, yes.” Roen agreed with a heavy heart.

“But wanting us to trust in you, Ser Roen, what’s the possibility of that?”

“Certainly….. a little right?”

Brendel eyed him with slight disgust, but he shook his head. “I won’t kill you, cripple.”

Roen was slightly surprised and looked at Brendel with a little disbelief in his eyes.

[Why are you telling me this? Are you trying to deceive me?]

Roen did not think Brendel was naive, but he was unable to come up with a reason after thinking about for a long time.

[Wait— Is he playing with me like a hunter toying with his prey? No, this can’t be happening, surely!]

“Have you heard of this term called ‘Namelist’?”

“What?”

“You don’t know about it? That’s fine, you just need to know, once you sign it, we’re partners.”

“You’re trying to drag me into this situation?” Roen inhaled deeply.

The young man’s smile in his eyes seemed to resemble a devil’s smile. He hesitated for a long time, but he could only agree to it. He thought it was best to deceive him now and then find ways to gain Lord Tirste’s trust.

[Report secretly to Lord Tirste? … But I don’t know him very well. Kill someone to get noticed? But nobles hardly care if their underlings get killed.]

Roen’s mind was working fast, but Brendel’s words suddenly came over him like a shower of needles.

“Cripple, before you came to do what you do now, did you commit a crime in Arreck?”

A flash of lightning struck seemed to strike Roen’s heart. His face turned white instantly and looked at Brendel as if the devil was before him: “N-no.”

“That family name of the nobles is—”

“Stop it!” The cripple screamed as loudly as he could. He seemed to gasp for breath like he was drowning in water and waved his arms in fear. “I got it Brendel. Please, don’t say anymore. Fuck, you’re a devil, a monster, I have never offended you!”

Brendel merely gave a smirk. Roen had killed the entire family of nobles thirty years ago in Arreck before fleeing to Bruglas and changing his name. It was a famous sidequest in the game, and Roen was ultimately hung for his crimes. It was not exactly Roen’s fault, as the nobles in the story were not exactly good either.

Still, Brendel chose to bring this past up to force Roen to join his side. Roen had done something that was akin to treason in Aouine, and even Lord Tirste was not going to be able to protect Roen on this matter.





[With this secret it should be enough to control this cripple, but I should offer a carrot as well to calm him down.]

“Very well. Do not worry, cripple, I will not use that incident to blackmail you. I know what happened exactly and the fault does not lie with you. However, I need to protect myself. I can at least promise you that Tirste will not trouble you. This is a transaction that both of us can come out ahead without issues, and it’s not me or Tirste forcing you to submit to either side.”

Roen looked at Brendel with doubtful eyes.

“You don’t believe me? That paper that I gave to Tirste will determine everything.”

“What exactly is in that paper?” Batum interjected with curiosity.

“A small habit of mine. I believe Tirste will suspect a certain logical rival of his.” Brendel rubbed his forehead.

[Disregarding whether this Tirste have ties with the Unifying Guild, I’ll push the blame to the organization of the ‘Tree Shepherds’.]

When Brendel threw the paper to the leader, he had done so in a particular manner that resembled someone’s actions called ‘Turtledove’. That master swordsman, Lord ‘Turtledove’, was a core member of the ‘Tree Shepherds’ and the key political enemy of the Grinoires nobles. He was even someone who was rumored to be an admirer of Tirste’s fiancee. With such a wonderful scapegoat, Brendel believed that Tirste would have a headache trying to deal this situation.

[Maybe Tirste is able to get to the truth some time later, but that wouldn’t be a problem since there are no real disadvantages. It’s not as if I’m a paladin from the Holy Cathedral of Fire.]

The cripple seemed to have understood something from Brendel’s words, and he stared at Brendel. “I’m starting to wonder if a devil had impersonated you, Brendel. You’re not someone like that in the past.”

“This situation forced my hand.” Brendel shrugged, and finally looked at Amandina.

“What are your intentions, Miss Amandina.” He asked.

The young lady lowered her head and felt that her decision did not belong to her anymore. She started to wonder if her previous judgment was wrong. The young man before her did not seem to be as gentlemanly as she had thought, and after a while she could only reluctantly reply: “Have you not thought of a solution for me, Ser Brendel?”

Brendel smiled when he heard Amandina’s reply, and briefly wondered what kind of upbringing she had to be as perceptive as she is now. He patted the scroll in his arms and spoke.

“Miss Amandina, I am in awe of your talent and abilities, and I hope that you could work for me. In return, I am willing to sponsor you to continue researching on the creation of Magicite. Of course, as one who is under my employ, I will also protect you from the ruffians who wanted to harass you.”

Amandina coughed and looked at Brendel’s eyes, as if to determine if he was lying—

“You want me to create machines that uses Magicite? But my teachers said that I am not talented in that field.”

“The creation of Magicite and machines that use Magicite are two different things.” Brendel nodded: “Especially what you have in this scroll, you are the only person who is skilled enough to make this a reality.”

“This is only a half completed version.” Amandina became serious, but shrank backwards as she realized she was being rude in her confrontational attitude.

Brendel did not mind.

“Miss Amandina. You have enough faith in your half completed work to be used as compensation, why do you not allow me to put value into the creator? There is a certain phrase in my hometown, ‘The journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step’.”

The girl’s eyes lit up: “The journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step? … Ser Brendel, are you really willing to sponsor me to continue walking down this path?”

“I will be honest here. Currently I do not have the finances or my place, but I am certain that I will be able to get them very soon. Isn’t that right, Ser Roen?”

“Yes, yes!” The cripple nodded furiously.

Amandina thought for a while before speaking again with a determined look in her face: “Very well. I will accept your offer, Ser Brendel. But I do not wish to do nothing before you are able to gain the resources that you need. I would like to be your advisor until then, and I am confident I have the ability to do so—”

She looked straight at Brendel.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 43




TL: This chapter is pretty dry because the entire thing is about world building.

Chapter 43 – Bruglas’s underground auction (1)

The seventh month. Bruglas’s air was filled with a scorching heat that made people feel reluctant to move.

Under the peaceful exterior lies a darker current. One could predict the movements of the noble in the first half of this month. The signs of the war ending was becoming more and more apparent, and the people who wanted to profit from the aftermath were becoming restless. (TL: This paragraph is unclear. Lines like this do appear from time to time, but this one was particularly bad. It’s either part of the nobles were able to predict the aftermath of the war and were becoming restless to profit from the war, or what you see above.)

The citizens frequently saw messengers coming in one after another on horse, and those who did not know the situation thought the war was becoming even more intense. In truth, these letters were negotiations done in the Winter Rose Fortress.





The commoners felt insecure, and the nobles also felt insecure.

Yet this had nothing to do with Brendel, and he spend three days to follow his schedule. He obtained a registry pass for to search new lands as a ‘Pioneering Knight’. The pass was a document that stated the loyalty and responsibilities of a knight towards the king, which was stamped with a seal on it.

This thin piece of parchment was even more valuable than gold in the early days. However, with Aouine’s decline and the knights retaining their own power in their local region, as well as adventurers’ turning to lawless endeavors and without anyone interested in expanding the kingdom’s boundaries, the term of a ‘Pioneering Knight’ gradually became a title that did not have any power to it.

Some time after the first king of Aouine, nobles slowly started to auction this title after they had solidified their foothold, and this piece of parchment slowly lost its value.

Brendel’s action was similar to how he did it in the game. He told Batum to buy a pretty dress for some random administrator’s wife, and he managed to get this title. He had held this title for days before Roen finally brought a piece of good news to him.

The long awaited underground auction’s date finally arrived.

Bruglas’s underground auction date was going to be held on the tenth day. There were numerous illegal goods including human trafficking. The people who participated this event ranged from mercenaries, adventurers, illegal merchants and even Bruglas’s lawmakers.

Without a doubt, there were also nobles.

The people who controlled this market were certainly from the local underground factions, but it was known to many that there were nobles who participated in them, and none would be the wiser if they maintained a peaceful and stable society for the citizens.

The auction site was usually held at the Maria’s market in Hood street or the eastern area at the Shepherd market. These areas were filled with people, and were deliberately chosen as it was actually better to use them as cover. People who paid close attention would discover that many unfamiliar faces would appear on certain days, and talked to each other and leave on the second morning.





These markets had mini auction sites that were used as cover, while the true sites were constructed only during the period and then dismantled.

These constructions might appear to be funded by ordinary merchants, but if one was to investigate, the funds came from the local parliament of nobles.

When Batum assisted Brendel down from the horse carriage, Bruglas’s evening sun lit the surroundings with a fiery hue that seemed to make things look like they were burning. In this light, Ciel wore a knight’s uniform and held his chest up high in order to make Brendel look like a highland knight from Karsuk.

Behind Brendel was Amandina and Romaine, acting as his younger sister and fiancee respectively.

Amandina removed her hand discreetly from Brendel’s helping hand when she alighted from the carriage. She wore a black veil and an equally black formal dress, her eyes observing the mini auction site with a disinterested expression.

She appeared to be completely different than before. Brendel found her to be weak and soft when he first saw her at the run-down mansion, but she was now cold and unrelenting, as if there was an aura that forbade anyone from approaching her. Even Tirste’s scout would not be able to recognize her even if he was nearby.

When Amandina disappeared from her home, no one noticed it until a few days later. The disappearance of a person typically belonged to the city guards, but the city cavalry had done a large scale manhunt for her. Three medium sized platoons searched the eastern area and nearly alerted Bruglas’s parliament.

However, Lord Tirste did not want this event to trace back to him, and tied the disappearance to a prior case that happened half a year ago, and made it as a case about a headless corpse.

This was why Amandina was able to go outside safely.

Beside her was Romaine who was slightly taller than her. The merchant girl was staring at a row of crystal balls nearby. Her frowning eyebrows were knitted together, as if she was a researcher trying to analyze what exactly they were.

[Even if you stare at it however long you want, or however serious you are, there won’t be anything that appear in it, you know…..] Brendel was a little exasperated.

He was certain that Romaine was trying to get Amandina’s attention.

Romaine and Amandina got along well for the past few days, and she was especially delighted to have Amandina’s knowledge about the outside world from her books. It was at least better than Romaine’s knowledge that came from her imagination.

“What exactly is that, Ama?” Romaine finally could not resist asking.





Amandina’s concentration was also on the row of crystal balls. The owner was a man wearing a black uniform. Not anyone had the qualifications to wear that uniform, and it clearly showed that he was a priest.

Amandina turned her eyes to Brendel, but the young man did not seem to react. She paused for a moment and frowned.

“That’s a ‘Fire seed’.” Amandina kept her eyes on Brendel and replied softly.

“What’s a ‘Fire seed’?”

“It’s a holy object that people use to spread civilization in the wilderness. I didn’t think I am able to witness something like this here in an auction.”

“I don’t understand.” Romain answered in a straightforward manner.

Amandina sighed in spite of herself. Brendel did not disappoint her in the past few days. She did not think that he was truly a knight, and one who was a legendary highland knight. Furthermore, he had acted in a polite manner most of the time, handled situations calmly and effectively, and fulfilled the image of a feudal lord in her mind—

[This fiancee of his is giving me a slight headache. It’s not that she’s not an easy person to get along with, and her personality is quite charming. But at the same time, she’s treating me like an encyclopedia and keeps asking me everything with the word ‘curiosity’ in her eyes.]

But she was unable to refuse and could only reply back.

“How much do you know about our world?”

“I know nothing about it.”

“…………”

The young girl coughed twice: “Then I’ll try to talk about it a little. In the Kirrlutz’s poem, their god ‘Aixule” (Marsha) created the world from Chaos, and made the six elements, ‘Fire, Wind, Earth, Water, Life and Darkness’. After Aixule established a contract with the four Elven kings, the world’s border was formed.”

“With the border constantly drawing out magic energy from Chaos, it extended to all sides and formed the land that we see now. This world should be a circle that extends infinitely from four sides, but at the same time this world is constantly affected by Chaos, so Mother Marsha created laws to bind this land and set the areas where mortals are allowed to traverse in. In this region, the sun, the stars and the moon continue to work normally. Thus mortals are allowed to flourish and civilization can continue—”

“But the land that is outside Mother Marsha’s protection, is the Battlefield of the Elements and Chaos. There is a large buffer area between the protected land and the Battlefield. This buffer area is what we call the ‘Wilderness’. Since one can travel into this buffered area from the Battlefield or from our land, the terms ‘Pioneering Knights’ and ‘Monster Waves’ came about.”

“As for a Fire Seed, it is a ‘Law’ that can be planted into the earth. Any land that is developed in the ‘Wilderness’ has a fire seed in them.” (TL: The amount of world building tires me out for sure.)

Amandina coughed as she explained. “Do you understand now?”

Romaine nodded and then shook her head. She answered like a hardworking student: “I only understand the first sentence! O-ouch, let go of me Brendel—” Brendel pulled her cheeks, and held her in his arms as she flailed about when he heard what she said.

“Little Romaine. Looks like that you don’t have any talent for becoming a wizard, so there’s no need to worry about this. You should just worry about how much money we can earn in the auction.” Brendel spoke as he cast an apologetic look at Amandina.

Amandina gave a faint smile in return and walked towards him.

“Are you not interested in these Fire Seeds, Ser Brendel?” As an advisor, she knew that Brendel had bought the title of an Pioneering Knight.





Brendel glanced at the crystal balls. He was interested at their appearance, but there were definitely others who were interested in them as well, so he could only try to bid for it. At the same time, he had a place in mind that he wanted to go to which already had a Fire Seed, so he did not urgently need it.

“I understand. I can try and bid for it later on.”

Amandina watched him nod but she was not very convinced. Brendel appeared to be a young knight who left his home in order to get his own land, and his success depended on his ability to get his own land or got recognition in a battlefield. Her own path was a long road, and she knew that Brendel only admired her only for talent and not achievements.

With so many worries on her mind, she could not help but look at Brendel’s every action closely.

Brendel wanted to say something else when he felt her worries, but he suddenly saw Roen gesturing at him in a dark corner. He walked up to him and the cripple informed him that the auction was about to begin and they should hurry along. Brendel’s eyes darted around and indeed found that the people gathered around him had started to enter the site.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 44




TGTBGAM coming next.

Chapter 44 – Bruglas’s underground auction (2)

The inside of the auction site in Maria’s market did not have a large space. It was the size of a mini theater with dim light in it, and surrounding the central ‘stage’ was a series of chairs that piled upwards. These chairs were for the commoners. There was a separate boxed area on the four sides of the stage, decorated with silk and satin. These areas had three levels in them, with a bronze telescope in each seat, placed onto a Redwood stand, in order to let the powerful nobles who participated in this auction look closely at the merchandise on the central stage.

Roen had enough connections to actually reserve this boxed area, but Brendel refused. He did not wish to draw attention to himself, and participating in this auction was only to see if he managed to obtain any unexpected items.

They got their number and proceeded to their seats. Even though Brendel looked calm on the surface, he had a repeating crossbow tied under his wrist and it was hidden under his knight uniform. The crossbow was armed with Tamar’s cursed bolts in order to prepare for any unexpected situations.

This particular crossbow was an intricate object that resembled a jewel box when it was opened. Amateurs would find it hard to use something like this, but Brendel’s profession compensated for this and with his passive abilities. Due to this ability, the knowledge in his mind allowed him to act like a veteran user of such weapons, and it was enough to the point where he could install simple mechanisms on his fingers and used them with proper aim.

After he sat down for a short while and the auction had not started, Roen came to him in a disguise along with a long robe covering him and sat beside him. He carefully looked to the left and right before he spoke.

“My lord, the poisoned daggers and the potions have been sold. The daggers had caught the eyes of a familiar guild, don’t worry, my lord, they were very generous with their gold. A single dagger for 2500 Tor Coins, and they did not ask who the seller was.”





Not every transaction was done at the auction itself in this site. In fact, the majority of the transactions that took place was done privately. The buyers and sellers went through a third party like Roen, and sometimes there were even more intermediaries, to ensure safety and secrecy. Each person only required a small amount of money to seal their lips.

In this grey underground city, no one was more talkative than them, and no one had tighter lips than them; it was a contradictory mix.

“What about the potions?” Brendel watched the staff with fake interest, while his attention was on the topic. He knew the rules well, and the items like the poisoned daggers and his potions typically would not be sold through the central stage.

“The potions are slightly more troublesome. The people from the Tower of Stars kept asking for the maker of the potions. They stated that the recipe for mana potions has not been circulated for a long time, and they said that the Wizards Association welcomes a professional alchemist to join them.” Roen said while he used his beady eyes to take note of Brendel’s expressions.

He wanted to see what Brendel’s reaction was. If the youth felt that this news was useful, he would praise him and make him feel safer. At the same time, if Brendel felt the situation was troublesome, Roen would feel delight at getting back at the youth. Even though they were on the same boat, beyond the fear and dread, he also felt that he could not take things lying down without fighting back a little.

The cripple looked at the youth, hoping that he would succeed and becoming rich, but at the same was hoping a little that he would fail.

However, Brendel merely shook his head and replied without showing any expression: “My friend has no interest in that. Just tell me the important details about the transaction, cripple.”

[It looks like I wasn’t wrong. The mana potion in this world is much rarer compared to the game.] Brendel thought to himself.

“Each bottle of sold for a thousand Tor coins for a total of thirty thousand.” The cripple did not show his disappoint in his face.

Brendel nodded. The price for the daggers was higher by twenty-five percent, and the mana potions sold for over two hundred percent of his original estimation, especially when the materials for making the mana potion were nothing more than ordinary reagents.

[An insane profit.]

Brendel immediately classified this as a golden goose that would keep laying eggs. He looked at Romaine and thought it would not be impossible for Romaine to set up her own merchant guild if she used the mana potions as her primary goods.

Romaine instantly noticed his gaze and raised her eyebrows. She raised her hands and brought them to her chest, and praised him without any reservations.

“It’s half of one hundred thousand Tor coins. It’s just like you said, I knew that you would be able to do it!”

“The interesting scene is yet to come, Miss Romaine.” Ciel was behind Brendel’s seat and he smile while speaking.

“Wait, you’re mistaken Ciel! Our merchant lady is reminding me that the hundred thousand Tor coins is her capital.” Brendel said without breaking a sweat.

Romaine giggled with pride as though she was a wily fox who had managed to take advantage when her real goal was divulged.

Amandina frowned a little when she saw the scene happening before her eyes. She had seen tens of thousands of Tor coins as she had been born in a noble family, but seeing them treat the amount of money that they received like it was nothing, was something that she had not seen before.

From this exchange, she felt that this young knight might have left his home to seek his own fortune, but his family background must have been quite powerful.

Sadly, it could not have been further away from the truth. Romaine had no idea how much that amount of money was, and Brendel had billions of coins in the game. The amount of money might have meant nothing to him, but thinking that he was from noble family because of that fact could not have been any more off the mark.

The lights in the auction site suddenly dimmed. They looked back and noticed the staff was extinguishing the candles around the walls. It appeared like the auction was about to begin—

Roen whispered: “If we were in the boxed area, the list of items that is going to be sold in this auction would have been delivered to us. My lord, do you have any particular items that you want to have?”





“I do not know yet.” Brendel watched the central stage becoming brighter from the candles that were being lit up. “Come to think of it, did they come looking for your trouble?”

Roen shook his head: “Just as you have predicted, Foltest’s men came to look for me after that event at Miss Amandina’s home. I just told them that I did not know you—”

“You sound like you’re unhappy with that?” Batum mocked him from the sides.

“I wouldn’t dare.” Roen now knew Batum’s position, and he did not act as servile as before. “My lord, that sword of yours really looks like a perfect piece of art. How much do you think it will sell in the auction?”

Brendel knew that he was talking about the magic sword made by the Dwarves. He thought for a while and said: “Approximately a hundred thousand to a hundred and fifty thousand Tor coins.” (TL: Not the Thorn of light.)

Amandina lightly gasped from behind when he finished speaking. Everyone looked back in surprise and found the noble lady waving her hands with a blushing face: “E-excuse me.”

She placed her hands over her chest in an effort to prevent her heart from beating too fast. Her eyes was translating the amount of money.

[That’s the equivalent of one hundred and fifty Aouine gold coins. When Brendel came, he was empty handed, but in the blink of an eye he had the equivalent of the entire savings of a small noble family in their lifetime. Two hundred Aouine gold coins. It’s not an impossible thing to purchase a land fit for a knight in a remote place.]

To Amandina, this amount of money should be invested in production. She had once lost herself in her designs and bankrupted herself, but she was smart enough to not make the same mistake twice. She quickly calculated and thought of what this amount of money could do. Regardless of commercial or production investments, both routes were fine. With this amount of money, she estimated that she could grow it by thirty percent in a year.

Then she frowned again. She had introduce herself as his advisor and the young knight did not object to it, but she was not sure if he would allow her to use such a large sum of money. But Brendel noticed her myriad expressions and could not help but ask:

“Miss Amandina?”

“What?” She raised her head up by reflex.

“Are you considering about the problems in our budget?”

Amandina’s face flushed a little, but she soon recovered. She nodded seriously.

“Yes. As an advisor to Ser Brendel, I feel that I need to consider this properly—”

She spoke as she looked at Romaine without any confidence. As Brendel’s fiancee, she seemed to have more speaking power in this regards.

But Romaine continued to smile sweetly as before.

Brendel showed a look of contemplation before glancing at them: “If you have ideas, I can split the money into two. Romaine and you can get an equal portion and handle this amount of money according to your ideas, but—”





Amandina showed a look of disbelief even before he finished speaking. “Ser Brendel, are you serious?”

He nodded. It was his habit as the team leader not to doubt someone, or test their abilities by letting his team members handle things on their own.

Amandina took a deep breath and nodded earnestly: “I will definitely use this money well, Ser Brendel, I have already thought of a plan to increase this amount of money in a short time……”

Brendel interrupted her: “No. What I want to say is this. I’m leaving it to little Romaine to help me invest the money, but Miss Amandina, I want you to help me use this money.”

“Use this money?” Amandina looked blankly at him.

The bells in the auction site started ringing, and Brendel turned his head back to the front.

“You will understand it shortly, Miss Amandina. Of course, you can help out by discussing things with our grand merchant missy, she has a huge plan ahead of her!”

Brendel was thinking about a new land of his own. If Romaine was able to set up a merchant guild, it would not be suitable to have ties with his land. If that was the case, he needed a butler of sorts.

Since Amandina wanted to help out, he would certainly be glad to leave things to her. (TL: …….)

“A big plan?” She was taken aback. She really did not think that this ‘grand merchant lady’ would have any probable plan to speak off, and she even wanted to advise him to not leave the important task of earning money with Romaine, but it was not easy for her to speak of this topic.

[Wait… Romaine’s actions in these past few days… She kept asking about the events and festivals in Bruglas. If I rearrange her questions in order, then… I’m seeing a big picture here.]

She suddenly stopped herself with the idea of persuading Brendel and her eyes brightened a little. She realized something and thought deeply for a while, then whispered to Ciel next to her. “Mister Ciel, before you entered the city, where was the Madara’s army at?”

“They were at the Dragos’s area for approximately half a month.” Ciel replied casually, before he paused and followed up with a question: “Did you realize it? Miss Amandina?”





He was a little surprised at Amandina. She was able to understand what Romaine’s plan was from Brendel’s words, and remarked inwardly to himself that Brendel’s advisor was someone with considerable skills.

“If Romaine’s plan works out, the profit is nearly eighty percent!” Amandina looked at Romaine as she chatted happily with Brendel. She felt like she was knowing her other side for the first time.

“Miss Romaine calculated that the profits was a fold.” Ciel replied.

“But that’s probably because she did not cover the problem of connections—” Amandina gritted her teeth as she felt a blow to her confidence. She thought about it a little longer before she said each word solemnly: “But if we work at it carefully, it’s not impossible to have a hundred percent profit, because of Mister Roen…..”

Brendel did not notice his subordinates talking amongst themselves. That was because the auction had started and unexpectedly, the first item had already caught his attention.

There was a parchment that sat under the candle light. There was an old contract written in the Elemental language used by the Four Clans. The corners of the parchment were curled up because the elemental magic of wind, earth, fire and water were spiralling towards the center of the parchment.

This parchment was used to open a road to become an elementalist, and was meant for those who were not talented in this field. Many nobles use this to create a pathway for their related family members.

Without a question, it was expensive.

But to Brendel, this was something that was worth more than money.

Because in his eyes, this was the name of the scroll:

‘Scroll of Elemental Pool (unlock)’



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 45




TL: So I spent a lot of time looking at PC stuff this week due to some mistakes I made in buying things back then…

Long winded stuff about PC things. Skip to read the Amber Sword.

I have a skylake CPU i5 6600k, which I got during February, coupled with a DDR3 board because I want to save some cash since I still have 12 GB DDR3 ram left from my old pc. I’m getting a rig that I want to OC so that I can use it for multimedia purposes that include video editing.

Now here’s the interesting thing. Skylake recommended voltage for the ram is 1.2v-1.35v (ddr4 runs at 1.2v~), while DDR3 ram typically runs from 1.5-1.65v, and the official word is that intel doesn’t support that much voltage and heck, it might even hurt the CPU health.

After reading a lot on it, some overclocker users are saying that all is not lost, because VCCIO and VCCSA (no, I don’t know what these terms mean.) are the main things to look at when it comes to an intel CPU memory controller. In any case, I’m below the recommended voltage for these two sections (1.2v) and I should theoretically be fine.

If you guys are getting new hardware for your upgrade PC, get a DDR4 board instead of a DDR3 board because that’s going to last you for years ahead. At 12 gb ram, I’m probably going to get another old ddr3 ram stick so that I can be ‘safe’ for 3 years for gaming and image editing. For anyone who’s interested, high speed ram is useful in multimedia, heavy video work, while games benefit from some FPS boosts. There’s really no point in sticking to DDR3 ram just to save $50~, especially if you don’t have 16 gb ram already (and your DDR3 ram is = 2800 mhz, then you can reconsider again).

I also plan to wait out for the GTX 1070. Right now the so called nvidia’s “Founders’s edition = reference card actually” is sold at a higher premium. It’s really annoying to see nvidia coming up with ridiculous rehashes and ‘cool terms’ like they mean something. This Founder’s edition practice right now is not a new thing, however. I.E, EVGA’s SC 980 ti card is the nvidia’s reference card slapped with their EVGA cooler, while their own designed card is cheaper with better performance and has lower temp.

That is why nvidia said they are selling their 1070 gtx FE cards at $449, while the MSRP for their partners is at $379 (once they get their own designs done, supposedly). Right now, the partners are slapping a cooler on these reference cards and selling them. I’m using a 1080p 27 inch VA monitor, somewhat okay for drawing images as colors are a little brighter and desaturated, but I’m going to look at dell’s 27 inch monitors at 1440p if they release 1070 GTX at $379.

Some notes about VR gaming. VR demands 7 times more drawing power compared to 1080p gaming, and even a GTX 1080 will have problems running that. I’m going to be patient and wait 2 more generation cycles before getting a VR rig =X.

At 1440p gaming for a 144hz monitor, you are probably going to just hit 100 fps at ultra settings even if you have 1080 GTX. Things like G-Sync and Freesync comes at a premium that’s too expensive for me, and I would rather get a work-based system rather than a gaming system.

Chapter 45 – The Boulder Mercenary’s pendant

The name of the parchment was called Lancel’s scroll. The crowd of people in the room started to show their surprise with low murmurs, and it spread out like a ripple. Brendel realized that many of them were interested in the scroll as well.

However, even though they whispered amongst themselves, they did not attempt to bid for it. The ones who were willing to vie for it were nobles with considerable background, sitting in the special box, and all of them waited for someone to make the first move.

“Such scrolls are made from the fairies in the Crystal Tundra. There is only a limited amount made every year to allow noble families to create more lower ranked Elementalists. Despite that, these underground auctions allowed a considerable amount of such scrolls to be sold to others.” Roen explained

“Why don’t the fairies create more of them?” Romaine asked.

“Creating such scrolls requires a lot of Elemental mana from their Elemental Pool, and it is a burden even for these fairies who are on par with a high ranking Elementalist. Ciel said.





“Furthermore, forcibly opening one’s own Elemental Pool might work for ordinary people, their success as an Elementalist is limited and would not be stronger than the average Elementalist. Such scrolls does not mean it will be good even there is a lot of it.” He continued to explain.

Batum, Amandina and Romaine were engrossed in the explanation.

“I didn’t expect to see this in Bruglas.” Brendel said.

Roen’s nose was as potent as a dog’s, and he sniffed out interest from Brendel’s words, as well as the implication that Brendel had been to bigger underground auctions and not limited to just Bruglas.

“My lord, are you interested in that?”

“A little.”

“Should I get my man to bid for it?”

Brendel thought for a while and nodded. The scroll was at five thousand Tor coins, and each incremental bidding had to be at least five percent. The cripple signaled to his man, and a board was quickly raised into the air.

Five thousand.

But with the initial bidder’s attempt, the price quickly increased and from the boards going up. In the blink of an eye, it went up to eight thousand Tor coins. The announcer saw one round of bidding before he looked at Roen’s man again. The cripple looked at Brendel with questioning eyes, and the latter nodded, followed by a hand gesture..

Roen’s man raised his board again—

Eight thousand and five hundred.

Amandina’s expression changed slightly.

Romaine did not say anything while Batum’s expression was one of amusement.





The nobles in the boxed area quickly responded, and the increment was five hundred as well.

The impatience amongst them showed, as each announcement sharply rose by a thousand, steadily rising upwards……

[Ten thousand.]

[Eleven thousand.]

[Twelve thousand.]

[Fifteen thousand—]

It was like the final thunder booming in a lightning storm. Everyone in the crowd felt the air tightening, and they thought this bid was the final one.

Roen clicked his tongue and looked back again.

Brendel frowned.

[Sixteen thousand coins for two thousand TP. It’s starting to be a question whether the price is worth it.]

But he only hesitated for a while and quickly tapped his own hand, and the board was raised once again.

[Sixteen thousand.]

The crowd’s murmurs started again as they understood that it was going to be the final bidding war.

The assistant to the announcer whispered in surprise.

[Is the cripple mad? We didn’t tell him to do this, if this continues the nobles will be unhappy—]

The announcer turned to his young assistant slightly and then pucked his lips to show a direction: “He’s bidding for someone else.”

At this point, Amandina and Batum were looking at Brendel with a curious look. They did not understand why a knight needed the scroll, and wondered if he wanted to become an elementalist.

But what was missing from Ciel’s explanation, was how talented people could save time by using this scroll. Brendel did not explain this fact to them.

Ciel was silent because he understood what the scroll meant to Brendel.

The nobles’ voices in the box were momentarily silenced. They wondered who the mysterious bidder was, but the opposing bidder once again raised the bid—

[Eighteen thousand.]

The number came from the fourth boxed area from the left once again, and Roen whispered to Brendel.

[Lord Donnall. His family has several mansions near Bruglas, and he has a few of his own properties here as well. He’s a parliament member in Bruglas, and his father and grandfather also took on this position too.]

Brendel nodded.

[There are many nobles here, but someone of his rank vying for this scroll… He’s more likely to be a mouthpiece for someone bigger—]

Just when he thought that they were the only ones fighting for the scroll, new bidders who did not bid from the start suddenly came up from their new numbers, surprising Brendel as the final bidding point was at forty two thousand Tor coins.

[Even thirty thousand Tor coins would have been barely within my reach, but a number past forty thousand will definitely hurt my plan ahead. I can ultimately get the TP needed later on—]

Brendel stealthily gritted his teeth and gave up on this bid.

Amandina and Roen did not think it was strange that he stopped, and mistook it for a whim to bid for this item.

After this initial war, the auction progressed smoothly with Brendel successfully bidding for several merchandise, ranging from several thousand to ten thousand Tor coins.





Since nothing happened out of the ordinary, the crowd in the auction started to feel a little bored. Roen was able to find things to do as he explained to everyone the history of the presented items, even detailing where it came from, giving them the region as well as which noble family sold this.

Batum, Amandina and Romaine were intrigued by the description, while Brendel and Ciel discussed about the origins of each items.

They mentioned Tamar once, and felt it was a pity that he did not come due to his work, otherwise he would have most likely liked several of the items available in the auction.

The second highlight in the auction finally happened. It was a pendant, but to describe it accurately, it was a thick string that held several small rocks together. Any ordinary person might have missed it, but Brendel nearly jumped up when he saw the pendant.

[The Boulder Mercenary’s pendant. If this is combined with ‘The Rock Nest’ made from a Rank 17 alchemist, it can reduce the materials required for making gargoyles which was created from ‘The rock Nest’ at least fifteen percent, meaning productivity is raised.]

He explained the usage to the others, and Amandina and Batum were especially interested in it, as they recognized the pendant’s use for a region.

In the continent Vaunte, wars typically required three types of resources.

The first were humans, the second was raw Amberite, the third was typical resources like food and water. The fourth resource was ‘Nest’.

Amberite was a composite rock that was mined from Somir’s mine. This crystal-like quality with the color of amber possessed mana in it, and Amandina’s Magicite was designed to draw the energy out, and the basis for all magic intelligent machinery; the blood of ‘production’.

Other materials like food, metal, wood, and rocks are commonly found materials even in Earth.





‘Nest’ was the origin where monsters come from and was utilized by humans.

[To speak of ‘Nest’, it’s necessary to speak of Vaunte’s origin to explain it. How does ‘Chaos’ exist, and how does ‘Laws’ work?] Brendel began to explain.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 46




TL: Right now I have 4 art assignments that I need to clear within 3 weeks, and then I’m off for my term break. During the term break, I will be clearing off owed chapters from donations. Thank you very much for your support for the past 7-8 months. I will regretfully be closing donations from July until end of November because I simply don’t have the time to do extra chapters in the upcoming months (I’ll do a more detailed post during my term break about this.).

Regular chapters should still happen if no accidents occur.

I will focus my remaining time on my school work, and it is very likely that I’ll draw things related to The Amber Sword if I’m allowed to as my final project. It depends on how much freedom I have to do something like this, of course. I don’t want to get fans of the TAS series excited on some fully illustrated fanart moments or a book-like cover, but we will see how it goes. I really do think TAS would be pretty good as a webcomic/webmanga.

TGTBGAM coming in 12 hours time.

Also please help me check for grammar mistakes or unclear portions (because translating lore might make things confusing).

Chapter 46 – Nest

TL: Recap. Brendel originally wanted to bid for the Elemental scroll, but it was out of his budget and he gave up. The next item he wanted to bid was the Rock Mercenaries’ Pendant which boosted creatures’ production. If you played Heroes of the Might and Magic, this might sound familiar.

“Everyone here should know this already. The continent Vaunte’s shape was formed when Mother Marsha entered into a contract with the Four Spirit Kings. It was under the basis of six different Elements that formed the borders.

In outskirts of the borders, lies the territory of the Elements, while the inner area is an incredibly vast land.

The powers of the various Gods that shaped the laws within this world is reflected onto the sky, forming the sun, the moon and the stars. Life was created from water with the nourishment from the Earth. The wind protected the life that was created, and the flames granted them wisdom and formed civilization.

The bible noted the thirteen million laws, a’thro (the laws of the Elements), did not apply to the Sea of Chaos. This chaotic energy was similarly reflected in the sky, and the evil disciples called it the Third Round Moon. The members of the Tree Shepard and the Unifying Guild called the Magic Moon.

It is said that this strange magical moon would appear once every decade during the summer, would overlook the earth for a few months. The powers of witches would be the strongest during this period, while users of the Elements would be the weakest during this period. It is also during this period when the Sea of Chaos brings about a tidal wave, birthing out monsters in this darkness because they are affected by the magic.

These monsters that came from the tidal wave attack the lands of civilization — Which also causes Aouine’s borders to crumble inwards, and similarly other kingdoms would shrink as well. This early era of this chaotic period, this tidal wave of cataclysmic mana was a nemesis that threatened every living being.

Which also brought about the existence of Pioneering Knights. (TL: Previously I think used Exploring Knights.)

Even till now, a kingdom has to prepare part of their forces to guard against such events.

While it is true that this tidal wave comes about every ten years, there would only be an overwhelming wave of monsters that come about every hundred years, therefore the people in this generation are not too worried.





However, once the mana wave ends, that does not mean that the Monsters’ Nests disappear. They would continue to affect wild creatures and turn them into monsters with their weak pulses of mana, and you would hear news of pathways to the big cities being attacked by monsters.

In Aouine, it is the duty of the kingdom’s soldiers and the Holy Cathedral of Fire to remove the monsters and Nests. But not all Nests would be destroyed. After such a long time fighting with ‘Chaos’, our ancestors started to study them and they discovered they could develop them like they domesticated animals.

The dwarves, elves and humans came together and developed something that was like a ‘Nest’ after a long time of research.

Buga’s gargoyles are a classic example. A single nest produces two gargoyles every year, and it takes a large amount of resources to produce them. Even though the gargoyles are powerful, these Nests does not mean that they are able to gather an infinite amount. (TL: HOMM vibe, hah.)

Other Nests developed other creatures. Examples would be Aouine’s Flying Dragon Knights’ mounts, or Kirrlutz gryphons, and commonly seen creatures that are used in battle, ground dragons, salamanders and black wolves.

Special nests are infused with Mother Marsha’s powers and produce minerals affected by different elements, Saint Orsola’s Abyss of Wind, the Templars’ Gate of Heaven, and Madara’s Valley of Shadows.

There are even hunting hounds that came from Nests, but their abilities are just slightly better than a regular hound.

A magical creature’s lifespan is affected by their gradual loss of mana, and more often than not they are short-lived. Even dragon-based creatures created from nests have only about a hundred years — And it is a large difference compared to the real dragons.

This Rock Nest that I want to build produces Rock Marionettes, and their strength is the rough equivalent of seven to eight normal adults. It is considered as a relatively low ranked Nest, but the advantage is the numbers that come along with it. Many nobles have them them in their lands, and even though these Marionettes have low intelligence, they are able to be used like soldiers in the front lines.”

Brendel drank some water. Amandina and Batum started to consider the advantages of the Rock Mercenaries’ Pendant. Amandina started to calculate the amount of money that they would saved, while Batum thought of the numbers. The three of them decided to get the pendant at all costs—

The base price was soon shown. It was not as expensive as the scroll and the price was only two thousand Tor coins, with each increment as one hundred.

Brendel wanted to get it at all costs, so he quietly waited to check the other bidders and avoid showing the others that he had interest in it.

The first wave of bidders ended with Amandina and Batum looking over at the bidders, but their expressions did not change.

Once the price got over three thousand, the number of people started to dwindle down. Most of the bidders wanted to try and participate and see if they got lucky, but the majority of them are not interested in the pendant.

Although the competition appeared to be steady, the bidders started to bid aggressively.





The third box of nobles who had their own lands drove the price up to over four thousand Tor coins. The price was starting to become higher than the average, but the real bidders started to corner in.

Someone drove the price up to five thousand coins from four thousand and four hundred, and for a moment the place went quiet.

Many of them thought the nobles were crazy to bid so much for a pendant that had rocks hanging on it, but a few of them believed there had to be a good reason for the price and thought there might be some worth to this pendant.

[The crowd is getting riled up. This doesn’t feel right… There are opportunists asking for information about the pendant and the situation might get out of control.]

Brendel told Roen to go for it.

Six thousand Tor coins.

Another wave of silence.

The people who wanted to try realized a bidding war was going to happen and they backed out carefully.

Seven thousand. This time it was a captain from Aouine, and another noble bid for seven thousand and five hundred.

Brendel signaled for eight thousand without any hesitation.

Eight thousand and one hundred, from the third box.

Eight thousand and five hundred. Brendel looked over to the direction of his rival. He had no thoughts about giving up about this auction. Amandina grabbed her chair’s armrest, with her fingers going white from her grip.

The dimly lit auction area was completely quiet. Even the nobles were silenced. Everyone thought that bidding for this pendant at this price was not worth it at all.

Brendel’s thoughts were different.

[I know that the price is over what the pendant is worth for, damn it! But right now I need military might compared to the people here!]

The auctioneer swung his hammer down once.

The Aouine captain looked like he was struggling to try for one more bid, but after a long deliberation, he did not do so.

After the three hammer strikes, Brendel finally got the pendant. Roen’s men moved ahead and paid for the item, and it was sent over to Brendel in secret.

Brendel looked to his left and right and noted that no one noticed the item was brought over to him, before he carefully kept the pendant away. It was useless right now as he had no land and Nest to speak of.





After the rock pendant, the auction seemed to increase in intensity. There were a few art products that had the nobles went back and forth in their bidding. Two bronze ranked Magical armor were up for bidding, and almost all the adventurers, mercenaries and traveling knights got excited over it, and the two armors were sold for over forty thousand tor coins. (TL: Freya’s flame ring is Brass-ranked, Bronze rank is one level below that.)

Brendel’s next bid was for a set of poker cards that was rumored to have magic in it. He did not exactly want the poker cards, but the Card of Fate that was in it. The truth was, when the auctioneer brought the poker cards up, the cards in his bag immediately caused a reaction, and he bid for it without hesitation.

This time he did not have any true competitors. There was a handful of nobles who liked this sort of things that tried to vie for it, but Brendel managed to bid for it with two thousand and five hundred coins.

When Brendel pulled out the card, he discovered it was green in color. There were a group of spiders that were inside a tornado, with ‘III’ written on the corners, as well as the amount of Wind Element to pay for it —

Group of Wind Spirit Spiders

(Alicia’s prophecy III)

Wind 1/X

[Creature – Element/Insect, Level 5 creature]

Pay X, and put X Green creatures (WInd Spirit Spiders, Level 5) into the field.

With the death of the Wind Spirit Spiders, choose a target and burn X mana points.





‘They were born from the maelstrom, and they shall return mana back into the maelstrom’

Brendel looked at it through the system. He was a little stunned over the low level 5 creature, and thought he made a loss. He did not know how to use the card from the description and strange mechanics involved. He thought about it for a while before he turned to Ciel and asked.

“What does this mean?”

Ciel looked at the card and smiled.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 47




TL: I had food poisoning and I couldn’t concentrate on my work for days, plus there’s one RL issue that is really serious so the schedule is changed. In any case, enjoy this late chapter, and expect another one coming soon (check back a few hours later).

Chapter 47 – The high note at the end of the auction

Ciel looked at that card and smiled faintly.

“My lord, this is a rare Wind Card, and a particularly rare one amongst the Wind Cards. The Wind Card series are versatile and can be used for defense and offense. Even though it is difficult to control, it is quite powerful.”

“Why don’t you just tell me how to use this.” Brendel rolled his eyes.

Ciel snorted with mirth.

“When my lord pays 1 Wind EP from your Element Pool, you will also pay 1 MP from your Mana Pool to summon one Wind Spider Spirit.”

[I have 2.9 Willpower and 15 Mana Points. So I can summon 15 level 5 Wind Spider Spirits?]

Brendel started to work the details in his mind, while Ciel continued to explain.

“With the death of a Wind Spider Spirit, a Mana Vortex will appear and devour the enemy’s Mana.”

Brendel felt a chill.

[What do you mean this is a spider summon, this is a living Mana Bomb… If I have hundreds of MP in the future, I can summon an army of spiders? If I’m lucky enough to get the legendary gem of mana regen, Tear of the Goddess, doesn’t that mean I can always have an overwhelming number of Mana Bombs?]

Brendel licked his lips in excitement as he realized that this was not a terrible card but a trump card. Before his excitement ended, Batum who was behind him suddenly slammed his hand onto his chair and spoke.

“Finally! The highlight of the show is here.”

Brendel raised his head and looked at the cener of the stage. The glittering Dwarven sword had already been placed onto the display stand. The ghastly green light on the surface of the sword seemed to indicate the nature of the sword, but the organizers of the auction apparently made this the highlight of the auction—

The auctioneer brought the sword up: “This is a Dwarven’s masterpiece. The blade design and the patterns on it are like art. I don’t really need to say how priceless it is. Yet the beauty of this sword doesn’t end here, an excellent alchemist had turned it into a Magic Sword—”

The auctioneer paused for a while and turned his head around, then slowly spoke once more. “A Magic Sword.”

The auction site was silent for a moment.





Items that could do low level magic items or had artificial magic properties in them were typically called with a {Alchemists’s} prefix. Items that were more powerful like the sword in the auctioneer’s hand, had the word {Magic} as a prefix.

There was not one adventurer, mercenary or knight who did not want to have a powerful sword, so they held their breaths upon hearing the words.

As if to prove himself, the auctioneer suddenly turned back and sliced on a metal anvil that was placed there. Sparks flew throughout the air, and everyone heard a thin metallic sound. A long gash appeared on the anvil’s surface, but it was the corrosion on it that made the deepest impression.

There were audible gasps of breaths being drawn in, and even the nobles in the Boxes failed to find words for a while.

The auctioneer placed the sword down and clapped once.

“This sword is called The Tree’s heart. The base price is twenty-five thousand Tor, and each increment must be at least five percent of the base price.”

He paused again.

“Let the bidding begin—”

Amandina frowned a little when she heard the price. She was a noble lady who did not understand what the weapon really meant to those who faced death all the time.

“Isn’t this a little too high?”

“Of course not,” Batum shook his head resolutely: “If I didn’t know that this sword is our lord’s handiwork, I might actually bid for it. The majority of the adventurers and mercenaries here have some savings that they can use. A magic sword like this, I doubt they would pass on it, unless they don’t use it as a main weapon.”

As if to verify his words, the first bidder had raised his card. People started to follow his action and raised their cards to bid the sword. There was not even a need for the auctioneer to spice up the scene, and it was a fight for the Magic Sword.

The price quickly climbed to sixty thousand Tor, and there were only four or five voices that continued to raise the price up.

Roen recognized one of them, and told Brendel that the man represented the vice-captain of the Silver-Winged Cavalry.

[I wish the captain of that cavalry unit joins in for this bid. Since he’s a working dog for that {The Unifying One} guild, that sword can actually come back to my hands again once I kill him in the future.]

The price climbed up to seventy thousand Tor, and two more dropped out from the bidding. It was only the vice captain and two other nobles in the Boxed areas.

The vice captain raised his bid to seventy-five thousand Tor, and one of the nobles backed out. However his remaining opponent did not seem to want to give up, and after a short silence, the assistant to the auctioneer read out his bid.





[Ninety thousand Tor.]

The audience stopped moving as though they had been frozen, before turning their heads to the Boxed area to see who exactly it was. Even Roen wondered if the person was a representative of Earl Nakkin.

“If it’s that bastard Earl Nakkin, this will be a political fight between the White-Mane army and the regional nobles. This is good news, my lord.” Roen said a cunning smile.

But right at this moment, a voice suddenly cut across the murmurs.

[One hundred thousand Tor.]

Brendel and the people surrounding him turned their heads over to the source of the voice. Batum’s expression changed when he saw the person’s face, and spoke before Roen.

“My lord, that is Lord Foltest’s man.”

“Why is he down there and not at the Boxed area?” Brendel asked

“Only the Gods know.” Batum shook his head.

[It’s fine if the sword lands up in that Foltest’s hands. It might appear to be a wonderful sword to Batum and the others, but it’s really nothing that special. In the Port of Freedom, Ampere Seale, items of such quality appears every day in the auctions, while Bruglas is basically too remote of an area.]

The vice captain thought for a while and raised the price again, but the representative for Lord Foltest finally deterred him from bidding again.

[One hundred and ten thousand Tor.]

[One hundred and twenty thousand Tor.]

[One hundred and thirty thousand Tor.]

The noble in the first Box continued to bid against Foltest.

“This person doesn’t seem to be the representative for Earl Nakkin.” Amandina said.

Brendel nodded. The price in his heart was one hundred thousand to one hundred fifty thousand Tor. The results right now was satisfactory, and even with the procedure’s fee, he was able to obtain one hundred and sixty thousand Tor from this auction. It was enough money to realize his next plan.

But it seemed that Mother Marsha wanted to give him a surprise. Right when Foltest was about to quit, a new bidder entered into the fray.

[One hundred and fifty-five thousand Tor.]

This time even the auctioneer put down his hammer to look at the third Box in astonishment, wondering who was the noble who bid for it. Brendel had already turned around to ask Roen, but he was not able to come up with an answer.

The noble in the first Box finally hesitated, taking a long time to consider. He gave a bid of one hundred and sixty thousand Tor, but the mysterious person in the third box immediately gave a counter of one hundred and seventy thousand Tor—

Brendel and the people around him looked at each other. The bid had already surpassed what was the price for a Magic Sword.

Nobody answered the bid and silence hung in the air.

The auctioneer took a deep breath, recovered from his stupor and raised his hammer shakily. Three hammer strikes and the show finally ended.

“One hundred and seventy thousand Tor?” Batum patted Roen’s face: “Cripple, have you seen so much money before?”

Roen felt a little unsteady. Even though it was not the first time seeing a high bid like this, the money had nothing to do with him. This time however, it was related to him. He had only saved tens of thousands of Tor after working for nearly thirty years, but the bid that happened just now made him a little delirious.

Amandina’s hands grabbed the front of her dress tightly, trying hard to suppress her shock. Ciel tried to hold back his laughter when he saw her twisted expression.





When Brendel looked at Romaine, she was holding a small notebook and writing something in it. She looked delighted: “Brendel, we have the budget now.”

Brendel smiled.

The organizers seemed to want to make sure the night ended with a bidding war. When Brendel’s sword was taken away, another new item stole the people’s breaths.

“Fire seed!”

“Mother Marsha, a Fire Seed!”

“Someone’s selling a Fire Seed!”

Voices kept ringing throughout the place.

Brendel turned back to Ciel: “This is the best item, saved for last. It’s a pity, otherwise our sword could be the highlight of this auction.”

Ciel nodded.

But Brendel’s intention was not to pick at this small issue. “Every single Fire Seed in Aouine is produced by the Holy Cathedral of Fire. For Church Havel to sell it so openly, it looks like they are trying to raise money. It’s known that the Church Havel supports the royal family, but the royal family is planning something since they have to use a method like this to raise money—”

Ciel thought for a while and said: “Perhaps it has something to do with the war?”

Brendel closed his eyes and contemplated as well, but there was nothing in his memories related to this. He nodded and raised his head up. The atmosphere in the area had changed considerably. There was an urgent feeling spreading everywhere, and he felt that some people here had already received the news and was ready for the item.

“Should we participate?” Amandina asked.





Brendel shook his head. He had already decided not to participate in this particular bid when there were so many people ready for this. At least for the current situation, that two hundred something thousand Tor would not be able to gain an advantage at all.

He shook his head and wanted to say something else, but the lights around him suddenly dimmed. When he turned to the center stage, he saw that the auctioneer’s face had changed.

[Something is wrong!]

The young man reached for his weapon when all the candles on the wall were extinguished at the same time, and the place plunged into darkness.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 48




TL: Okay, after this chapter, I plan to do 21 TAS chapters + 9 TGTBGAM chapters (Yes, technically I’m on my break now. Technically). This should clear the sponsored chapters and any backlog. Then I’ll be concentrating on my art assignments for the next four months. Updates will proceed at the usual slow pace. Donations are closed until then.

Chapter 48 – Chaos

The entire place was dark. Some of the female nobles’ shrieks could be heard all over the place. Brendel and Roen were the first to pull out their swords from their robes, while Ciel and Batum’s reactions were slower to pull their weapons out. Batum removed the strap that was holding the two-handed sword sword, while directing the girls to move in between him and Ciel.

He then held Roen’s shoulder with one hand, afraid that he was going to try and do something funny. The cripple snorted lightly, but his expression did not seem to mind it.

After the panicked screams, the men angry yells and questioning voices could be heard from all directions, even from the Boxes.

It was the hall on the first floor that appeared to be more calm. These were seasoned adventurers and mercenaries, and they had enough experience in battles to remain composed, preventing the chaos from becoming bigger.

“Brendel, what’s happening?” Romaine’s voice was one of curiosity and not fear.





Amandina who was behind Romaine, grabbed the hems of her dress anxiously till the point where her fingers were white. But she narrowed her bright eyes and tried not to show her fear.

“Quiet—” Brendel said. He saw that there were some nobles and impatient youths who lit the area up with torches or gems from their scepters.

But the light were quickly extinguished again.

It was not uncommon to see people in Vaunte using Elementary Light magic, and some of the bigger cities had Light crystals installed into the street lamps. Even Roen had a ring like that, but he did not rush to bring it up. Anyone who raised up a light source in this darkness would only become a target.

But sometimes reality went against wishes.

Right when Brendel thought there was no immediate danger, the Thorn of Light glimmered once. He paused slightly and looked at it, and realized the sword was glowing brighter with every second. The next moment, a dazzling flash from the sword lit up the entire area clearly.

Before he had the chance to be surprised at the scene, four robed figures were rushing swiftly through the narrow corridors and passages, rushing straight at their direction.

Their hands were within their robes, indicating that there were weapons hidden there.

[Enemies and not allies.]

Brendel did not say anything but held up his left hand decisively and aimed below him. A series of bolts flew from the hidden crossbow from his sleeve, and they struck on the nearest robed figure.

The steel bolts had a powerful impact since they were so close, and that robed figure made a muffled noise and fell backwards. His allies moved to the sides and raised their heads to look at Brendel’s direction.

And Brendel saw a pair of orange flames burning below the hood in every robed figure.

“They are undeads…..” He was puzzled.

[Why are these damn things appearing in this area and at this time?]





But the situation did not allow him to think much. The three robed figures withdraw a strange looking scythe with desiccated arms from their robes.

Brendel was not sure whether he should call the weapon a scythe. The weapon was like half of a starfish, the end of the curved blade was gleaming in three directions. (TL: The description of the blade is just bad. The author isn’t making any sense here so take it with salt.)

Curses had very little effect on undead, so Brendel gave up on using any more of the cursed bolts. He stood behind Romaine and retreated back in between Batum and Roen.

The remaining three robed figure pushed aside the people in front of them, and rushed straight at Brendel, and swung at him without any hesitation.

Brendel raised his sword and parried one of the strange scythe. The feedback from the sword was strong enough to make him to take a few step backwards, and he nearly stumbled onto the seat behind him.

Romaine screamed, but Amandina grabbed her arm and dragged her away. She forced Romaine to lower her body and they crawled to the opposite direction. She was really tense, but her mind was working clearly, and she acted like she had planned her actions from the beginning.

Batum used his sword to block one of the robed figure, but he immediately grunted in effort, showing that he did not fare well either against the strength.

“Iron rank, upper tier strength.” He roared.

“Zombie Outlanders!” Brendel recognized the identity of his opponents.

These were something like an animated armor, but the undead wizards had placed the soul of a warrior into an empty armor, and thus these abominations were created. They were approximately level 31-33, and considered as a second tier strength within Madara. They were agile and adapt at masking their movements, but they also had another identity—

Madara’s assassins.

Brendel felt that he was facing an elite Zombie Outlander, as its strength was near a Silver-ranked fighter. It was still not the strongest unit in Madara’s second tier forces, but as a unit within Incirsta’s undead army, it was one of his best units.

[Am I the target?]

Brendel did not really understand the situation, but the Zombie Outlanders in the place started attacking everyone. The adventurers and mercenaries were yelling in angry confusion as they were attacked.

Brendel felt that his strength was not as strong as his opponent, so he retreated backwards, grabbed a chair and threw at it. The Zombie Outlander swung his strange scythe and smashed it into pieces, but the youth was already in position to launch a thrust to the core of the soul fire.

The Zombie Outlander gave a hoarse yell and it grabbed Brendel’s sword with its hand. White flames immediately burst up from its fingers and the cleansing fire reached into the soul’s inner depths, and the intense pain caused the undead to immediately scream.

But it did not release its grip and swung at Brendel’s elbow.

“Bastard—” Brendel gritted his teeth. This was not the first time he faced a Zombie Outlander. but the tenacity of these undead had left a deep impression on him. When this undead fighter grabbed the Thorn of Light, he felt his position was in a bad one.

He immediately released his hand and retreated, avoiding that counter attack that was almost certain to strike him.





Under such a close distance, Brendel had lost nearly all means of attack when he lost the Thorn of Light. He was able to use the Ring of The Wind Empress, but he was unable to ensure that the impact did not hurt Amandina and Romaine.

The Holy Sword Card did not have any Earth EP that he could use, and the Magic Control card had no effect here. He was certainly able to use the Wind Spider Spirits, but summoning at the creatures at this distance would prove to be useless because the opponent would already have cut him into pieces.

His hesitation was only for one moment.

Brendel next action was to lunge at the enemy. His arms grabbed the enemy’s abdomen. The collision knocked the Zombie Outlander off its feet and fell backwards together with Brendel, knocking three rows of chairs over. Brendel felt dull aches all over his body, but at least his mind was clear and got up as quickly as the Zombie Outlander did.

The creature went for the scythe, while Brendel picked up the sword that was on the ground. Due to the reach of the scythe, Brendel had no choice but to use the Charge technique to regain control of the battle. The impact left the armor flying across the opposite direction, but the swing of the scythe had already begun and it aimed at Brendel’s shoulder.

“Barkskin!” Brendel roared in his mind. The appearance of his skin swiftly changed to the color of wood, but the scythe still cut through his natural armor. Blue light flashed briefly as the scythe went through his various defenses.

For a moment, blood droplets flew in the air.

Brendel did not utter any sound as he bit down. However, it was enough to cause him to break out in cold sweat. He pulled out the scythe that was buried in his shoulder and threw it to the ground. His eyes followed the Zombie Outlander, while he quickly pulled out the Wind Spider Spirit card.

“Display. Cards of Fate, The Wind Spider Spirits.”

A series of stats information appeared in his retina.

Wind Spider Spirits.

8 HP

4 MP

Str: 1.9 OZ

Agility: 2.7 OZ

Physique: 1.0 OZ

Attributes ‘Blank’

Attributes ‘Blank’

Attributes ‘Blank’

Attack (damage 1-1)

Special ability: Ethereal form

[Ethereal creatures take 1/3 of the damage, so a weaponless Zombie Outlander will find it hard to kill a spider with a single attack. Furthermore, there are fifteen of them.]

He pointed on the ground, and fifteen green vortex appeared. The spiders that appeared from the vortex were baring their fangs and raising their legs, and they went straight at the Zombie Outlander. One Wind Spider Spirit had nearly 2 OZ strength, and while fifteen of them did not exactly in simple addition, it was enough to stop the Zombie Outlander’s movements.

The spiders bit at the creature continously, and it roared in anger. It pulled them off from its body and threw them away onto the ground, but its actions were pointless as Brendel had already made use of this opportunity.

The sword had already pierced through its chest. Even though the Zombie Outlander wanted to retaliate at the last moment, the spiders had caused his stance to break apart.

The sword reached the core of the soul fire.

The Zombie Outlander released a groan of dissatisfaction. The damage from the Thorn of Light in that critical area had dealt four times the normal damage. Brendel watched the creature turn into a pile of ashes, while the blackened armor fell onto the ground.

700 XP went into Brendel.

He turned his head around and saw that Batum, Roen and Ciel forced back by the two undead Zombie Outlanders, while Amandina and Romaine was moving into the opposite direction from the fights.

A loud noise came from above.

Brendel looked up and saw a black figure falling from above and to the ground. It was quite for a moment, then a series of yells came.

“Sir Russell!”

“Marsha above, it’s the vice captain from the city guards!”





“They killed him!”

Brendel’s heart tightened when he heard that.

[It looks like I’m not the true target of these damned armored undead. Is this a plot where Incirsta is trying to kill Bruglas top brass? What is he trying to do here? There’s no event like this recorded in history.]

He was still mulling over it, when he suddenly saw the doors from the stage suddenly opening. Five different rows of skeleton archers walked out from it with their bows raised.

The youth’s eyes shrank immediately.

[This many undead? What the hell is the organizers doing? The city guards? The Silver-winged Cavalry and the army? How the fuck did these undead get in?]

Brendel cursed inwardly.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 49




20 CH more.

Chapter 49 – Fishing in troubled waters (1)

The gleaming white skeletons stopped at the same time and raised their bows, the steely bows uttering a groaning sound, before the strings were released.

The adventurers and mercenaries below finally realized the situation was a grave one, but the attacking Zombie Outlanders were forcing them back.

Brendel checked Romaine and Amandina’s position again, only to find they were missing. His heart raced quickly, and he smashed the chairs around him. The splinters flew over to the nearby Zombie Outlander who was fighting with Batum.

It was momentarily distract and Batum took the chance to cleave it into two. There was a thunderous clang as the Zombie Outlander’s armor was destroyed together with the body, and numerous silver light flew into Brendel’s body.

At the same time, Roen and Ciel managed to make the other Zombie Outlander retreat. Brendel shouted to them and they turned back.

“DId you see Romaine?”





“We’re here!” Romaine stood up with one hand waving at Brendel fearlessly, while the other hand was still being grabbed by Amandina.

“Stay down!” Brendel shouted, then he ordered Ciel next: “Ciel, Wall!”

Ciel understood the simple instruction and immediately raised a ruby up. Countless lines spread out from the ruby and extended everywhere. Ciel put his willpower into it and created a wall that extended fifty meters, covering both Amandina and Romaine.

Thousands of lines that formed glowed brightly and disappeared, and an Aerial Wall was formed.

The skeleton archers’ bows continuous firing sounded like there was a chaotic song of string instruments. The first barrage of arrows struck onto the nearest people, and they fell to the ground lifelessly, while the next barrage continued to fire onto the second and third row of people, causing them to slump over.

But Ciel saved even more people. Every time the arrows struck the wall, white light would glow from the area. The frequency of the glowing light increased as the arrows continued to pour onto it.

This wall finally seemed to wake the confused crowd. There were many wizard acolytes and low level Elementalists, and there were even mid-level wizards amongst them. They did not understand what happened earlier, but they finally understood they were under attack from the undead. They stood up and activated their rings and even chanted openly.

With the combined forces, light beams poured out from the windows and doors from the auction site. Then a series of explosions could be heard. Shockwaves carried bone fragments, dust and wooden splinters everywhere, and a few skull heads even reached Brendel’s feet, rolling near him.

Dust spread everywhere in the auction site, and he coughed twice. His sounds were drowned out by the constant yells around him. He pushed away a few stumbling mercenearies and shouted to the area above him.

“Ciel, Romaine, come down to my side!”





Brendel was worried that his voice did not reach the people above him, but Batum was holding onto to Roen who had lost consciousness, and he walked towards him from the smoke. Ciel, Amandina and Romaine was behind Batum. They were covered in dust, and Romaine looked like a painted fox with a thick layer of dust on her nose.

She stuck her tongue out.

“I thought I wouldn’t get affected if I was behind Ciel’s wall. I shouldn’t have stood up. Sorry about that, Brendel.” She acted like she learned from her lesson, but her face said otherwise.

Brendel smacked her head in exasperation. He looked at Amandina and replied.

“You should thank Miss Amandina later, but now is not the time. Here, take my hand, we’re leaving this place.”

The noble lady coughed and replied. “There’s no need for that.”

The girl raised her chin slightly up with a little pride. As nobility, she had more or less inherited the pride of Aouine’s old nobles. She had not told anyone yet, but her family’s crest was a vivid lily on top of a shield. This lily was the same as the Royal Family’s lily, and this meant that her family was a side branch of the royal family. Even though she was a fallen noble, but her blood still carried the royal blood.

It was also from the belongings of that ancient heritage, that she was able to design Magicite. Otherwise, she would not be able to think of the design based on her talent that was not prominent enough.

Amandina had never thought of admitting defeat, the worse her situation was, the more she wanted to bring back her family name. She was different from her father, and she was a determined girl ever since she was young.

Batum’s loud voice stopped her thoughts.

“Where should we leave, my lord? We don’t know how many of these undead are out there and where they came from. This idiot cripple even said that this place would be well protected, what a bunch of fucking horse shit—”

“We should leave from the back door.” Brendel surveyed the surroundings.

[Madara’s goals are probably Bruglas’s top nobles, so their targets should probably be the Boxes above us. At the same time… That three Zombie Outlanders clearly came for me. I don’t understand what I did to draw their attention. Perhaps the news that I led the refugees were leaked out? Ebdon was a mid level commander back then when I killed him, was it necessary to come after me?]

Brendel felt that his presence had started to affect the original history of The Amber Sword.

[ The numbers of the undead here are impressive enough to think that this had been planned for quite some time. If Incirsta actually predicted that I would come to the auction, that is impressive as hell. I can only hope that I’m just a bonus target that came here by accident. If I don’t move faster, then my advantages will gradually be lost.]

“I want to grab some of the items in the auction’s center stage.” Brendel said.

Ciel agreed with Brendel, and he actually analyzed some of the equipment and talked about some of the more important stuff to take. The stacked items that were left behind were like a treasure trove.

If Freya was here, she would have thrown a temper because of her righteousness. Unfortunately, she was still waiting at the Silver-Winged Cavalry headquarters to receive her rewards.

Even though Amandina was from a noble family, their qualities in this era were similar to a bandit, and she was also a very pragmatic person. When she heard of Ciel’s suggestions in picking up the items, she did not stop him at all, and immediately added in her own input to make sure that the plan was successful.





Batum did not care, and the underground auction was an illegal place anyway.

Romaine had only adventure in her mind, and as a ‘family advisor’ she would not object to Brendel’s actions.

Roen was only all too glad to participate in this plan. The more infamy he had, the better business would be in the Black Pepper Street.

Brendel looked at his ‘subordinates’ who was interested in earning a profit first before anything else. Under such a dangerous situation, he did not know whether this was a good or bad thing.

[Their actions remind me of my old nickname… ‘Sophie (Su Fei) the greedy’. Because I’m constantly out of money, I started to…… Well, after Aouine disappeared and I joined the Church as a knight, that nickname finally left me.]

(TL: Brendel’s original Chinese transliterated name is Su Fei. There’s a reason why I had to use Sophie right from the early chapters, still a pretty long way ahead for that reason to appear in the story, but in case readers get the shudders when remembering this old name, I added it in to make you feel better.)

But the fondness for danger lied deeply within his blood. Regardless of him being Sophie or Brendel in this life here, they were natural gamblers.

And because of his personality, he more or less had affected his party members. The only exception was Amandina, because she was actually similar to him.

The plan was quickly decided and they rushed straight to the center stage. They quickly found out that many people had the same idea like him, but the Zombie Outlanders were preventing them from approaching the stage.

Because Brendel had another fifteen Wind Spider Spirits, they were the first to break through the assassins and come onto the stage.

He first saw the dead auctioneer and his assistant lying in a pool of blood. The Fire Seed was already gone. This made him frown.

[Two possibilities. First, it’s the undead that took it. Second……]

He exchanged a glance with Ciel, and they both saw they had their own suspicions on this matter.

The Fire Seed was an unimaginable priceless item to most living sentient creatures, but it was not to the undead. Madara used the Soul Fire and the Soul Tower to expand their territory, and the Fire Seed had almost no value to them. This particular information was not known to the commoners, but Brendel and Ciel knew otherwise.

“Something is wrong.” Brendel immediately brought his sword up in a stance, and warned his allies behind him.





Ciel was also read to cast spells.

“What’s wrong?” Batum asked.

Just as he was asking, a huge object that was red in color descended from above and landed onto the ground. There was a loud crash as that object actually broke the wooden floor of the stage, and there was dust that flew up and cover the entire area.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 50




19 CH more

Chapter 50 – Fishing in troubled waters (2)

When the red object landed on the stage, the wood splinters flew everywhere. Brendel blocked his face with one hand and looked in front of him. There was a giant skeleton covered in red armor. It was about three humans tall, and it wore an immense helmet with a cross opening in it. On it was a hydra emblem, and he drew in a sharp breath.

[The Madara general’s soldiers. A Crusader Executioner.]





Brendel felt his skin go numb, like he had been drenched in cold water. It felt like his heart and blood vessels had ice in them, and the idea of fishing in troubled waters was already gone.

He immediately put up his arm without hesitation and roared.

“Back, get back, leave here right now and follow me!” His voice was unusually stern, and even when he face the undead army, he had not acted so nervous before.

[Fuck! What the fuck is Bruglas’s army doing. If this thing is even here, why the fuck don’t they just open the damned city doors and surrender?!]

The Crusader Executioner was a Nest creature. It was not a normal undead that could be controlled by a necromancer, and it was a creature that had a physical soul, like a Blood Marionette or a Black Knight.

A high tier undead with the prowess of a Silver-ranked tier fighter.

Brendel saw that the Crusader Executioner had not regained its senses from descending onto the ground, and he immediately got the rest of them to run in the left direction. There was a small door leading to the back passageway.

Batum’s reaction was very fast. He had been in enough battles to feel that despairing aura from the giant skeleton. It was full of bloodlust and he knew that this undead creature that was covered in fiery red armor and carried an enormous axe was something that he should not go against with.

They quickly made their way below, but as the undead finally got up, it found they were the nearest.

Brendel pushed Amandina and Romaine through the door. Ciel and Batum went next. When he looked back, he saw that the monstrous creature had locked them as targets with a pair of crimson fire in its eye sockets. It raised its axe and walked unsteadily towards them on the stage.

“Brendel?” Romaine did not understand.

“Stop talking and listen to me.” Brendel entered the passageway and locked the door. He did not know if the organizers had planned for attacks, but the door was completely made up of metal and was considerably thick. It was probably able to buy them time.





“How powerful is that monster? What should we do?” Batum asked.

Brendel raised his palm up.

“Let me think for a moment. I might have a solution.” He said.

He calmly ordered the Wind Spider Spirits to crawl out of the crevices from the passageway, and he roughly made a script in his mind, but he hesitated as he felt the plan might be too dangerous. He hoped that the creature went for someone else, since the hall had so many other people.

But before he finished hoping, the steel door suddenly shook like a battering ram had collided into it. The feedback from the door actually made the ground unstable and they lurched forward. Batum and Ciel went to reinforce the door. Brendel, who had stumbled onto the ground, stood up and gave up on all the optimistic notions.

He steeled his heart.

“There’s only one plan. All of you run and leave in separate directions. I’ll stay behind and hold him back.”

“Brendel!” This was the second time Romaine saw the youth with an uncertain expression. The adventurous streak in her heart was suddenly smothered, and she recalled that time when Brendel rescued her in Bucce.

She wanted to stay behind, but the youth refused to hear it.

[A Crusader Executioner has 47 OZ worth of strength. It’s not something that Batum and Ciel can handle right now. Letting them fight with this monster would only get them killed instantly. Ciel is somewhat of an exception since it’s only for a while that I can’t summon him if he gets killed, but the rest of my members cannot come back if they die.]

He had already thought about it clearly. He was the only one who knew the monster’s actions well enough to be able to draw it away and find an opportunity to escape. Even so, he had no confidence in handling this monster at all, as it was stronger than Ebdon and he did not have a second Gargoyle to use. In fact, if he faced against Ebdon one more time alone, he was unlikely to defeat him.

Brendel had actually considered having Batum or Roen, and even Amandina to buy some time for the others to escape, but he immediately shut the idea down with shivers. This thought made him frightened.

[If I allow this fucking thought to become reality, and give up on anyone, then some day I will give up on Freya, Romaine, and Aouine. I will become nothing more than a cold blooded creature in this world.]

Brendel shook his head to throw the idea out of his head. This stray thought had darkened his mood, and he felt like he had fought for days. He growled in a low voice.

“All of you, leave. Separate in two different groups and we will regroup later. I will stay back and secure your retreat.”

“My lord, we cannot leave you behind!” Batum transited from a mercenary to a retainer without him knowing.

“My lord, this is the vanguard of the Madara’s undead forces. You’re not its match, please allow me to buy you sometime.” Ciel placed his hand on his chest and answered solemnly.

“You know of it?” Brendel looked at him in surprise.

“Brendel,” Amandina said sternly. “We don’t need you to act as a hero right now. I placed my dreams on you and I hope that you remember your promises to me!”

“What the hell are you talking about, Amandina.” Batum grabbed the girl’s shoulders angrily.

The second impact came again, and the three men felt the terrible strength behind the door.

Brendel knew that there was not much time left, and he spoke in an angry voice.

“When did a woman have the authority to interfere with a man’s battle, Batum, take her away.”

“Ser Brendel, you—” Amandina looked confused, but she took a deep breath as she realized what Brendel intended to do here. She stopped her actions and looked at him with a conflicted expression. (TL: Yeah, you see, maybe I’m a little slow, but I don’t know what the heck is going on. What did Amandina understand again?)





“Brendel, what about me?” Romaine asked.

“You’re not a woman?” Brendel asked in exasperation.

“Oh.” Romaine replied in a disappointed voice.

Since it was an order, Batum did not have any grounds to object. He could only nod and bring Amandina and Romaine away.

Most of the auction sites had a passageway that allowed goods to be transferred away if there was an inspection, and Brendel entered into one of them.

[If I dared to say something like ‘Women should not participate in battles!’ in the game, my female senior leader would have beaten me up… She really taught me well. In the end I became a pretty good leader, but most of the gamers that I know eventually left when Aouine was on its final breath. In the end, I was the only one behind in Aouine’s last battle.]

This moment now was the same scenario.

Brendel might have Freya, Romaine as his close friends, Batum and Leto and the other mercenaries as his retainers, and a brilliant Amandina as an advisor, but his heart still felt like he was alone in this world. He did not speak to anyone about the future of Aouine, or that he was not from this world —

He looked back at Ciel.

“My lord, you know of my true identity. In a certain way, your safety is more important than my life. Even if I disappear, as long as you are still alive, I would have the chance to appear once again. But if you die, then everything ceases.”

“You have persuaded me,” Brendel nodded: “If that’s the case, let’s fight together.”

The metal door finally split apart and the crimson axe could be seen. Brendel beckoned to Ciel.

“Quickly, let’s get to the other side.”

Brendel glanced behind him as he ran to the other door. The Crimson Executioner swung once more and finally broke through the door. It lowered its body to enter the room and surveyed the passageway. A white beam of light hit the helmet, and the frightening monster turned its head around. It immediately spotted Brendel and Ciel. The squire was still maintaining a gesture.

“Over here, you mindless undead!” Brendel taunted.

The skeleton gave a ghastly roar and ran over, with its body standing straight up. The wooden ceiling broke apart like it was made of paper. The monster had 22 OZ worth of agility, and though it might look clumsy, it was actually very quick. Its movements were accompanied with skeleton clacks, and the huge body was already in front of Brendel.





Brendel pulled Ciel out into an open room, but the Crusader Executioner was already in motion for an attack. The door to the room was easily destroyed, and it entered the room with rocks and granite accompanying its feet. It quickly discovered Brendel and Ciel moving to a passageway that led to the auction site.

Brendel was not as tense as the time when he escaped from Bucce. Even though he knew that Ciel and himself were not able to do any damage to this high level undead, he was not without a chance. There were two routes that he could take. He could wait until the Silver-winged cavalry to come, and even if the commander was a traitor that worked for the Unifying Guild, he was not allies with Madara. The commander was also strong enough to handle this monster as he was a Gold-ranked fighter.

[Even the captains of the various divisions are of the same strength as the undead here, so there should be no problems of defeating this monster. But lasting that long is a question. The next thing I know I might have my head chopped off… The second option is the best.]

He needed to find the ‘Scroll of Elemental Pool (unlock)’.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 51




18 More ch. Just FYI, grammar isn’t guaranteed.

TL: The mechanics for this Card usage in TAS are going to be more complicated. I’ll try my best to make it clearer, but you might need to reread the following chapters. I don’t play much Magic the Gathering, but I think the mechanics are similar.

Chapter 51 – Fishing in troubled waters (3)

[It doesn’t take long to unlock my Elemental Pool. As long as I have that, I will be able to pay for the cost of the ‘Holy Sword’ and self-preservation should be no problem.]

When one unlocked his Elemental Pool with a scroll, he would absorb the abundant energy within the scroll and fill up the Pool with Elemental energy. Brendel ordered the spiders to search for the scroll, as they were made from Elemental energy and were better candidates to search for the item compared to himself.

He turned his back and yelled: “Ciel!”

“I understand, my lord.” The young wizard looked at him and smiled: “Good luck, I’ll pray that I’ll meet again soon—”

Brendel nodded earnestly. Ciel raised a ruby into the air and countless lines formed between his thumb and index finger. The lines that were created took from Mother Marsha’s protective laws of magic and intertwined with each other. A wall formed with gold light and disappeared into thin air.

The gigantic skeleton with crimson armor swung the axe onto the invisible wall.

A ripple of wind current surged outwards, and the gemstone in Ciel’s hand cracked, but he continued to use his life to maintain the spell.

“Hurry, my lord!” He yelled in a low voice.

Brendel rushed out to the center stage. He did not know who managed to bid for the item. Even though items in the auction could be passed over directly, the nobles tend to protect their dignity and let the organizers send the items straight to their home.





[There’s still a chance it’s still here.]

He quickly ran to the path to the corridors, and he tried to find the doors to the Boxes. But with each door he opened, he found that it did not lead to the passageway. He became increasingly disappointed and anxious.

After a short while, he heard a thunderous boom made from the Crusader Executioner. Brendel’s expressions changed a little and he called out the system. The Highland Squire card was in the middle of the pack and it was colored in gray when he selected it. The Wind Spider Spirits were also the same. Half of the Wind Spider Spirits were dead and the card was also half covered in gray. It looked like the card was also going to go into the graveyard.

He hesitated for a while but he did not call the spiders back. It was very hard for him to search for the item in this place alone. The footsteps behind him were becoming closer, and he realized that the monster was not going to give him any time —

Suddenly, a spider popped out from one of the rooms and stopped next to his feet, before running off to another area.

[It found the scroll?] Brendel’s heart skipped a beat and chased after it. His agility was higher than the spider and it was easy for him to follow it, but the heavy and dull footsteps felt like they were coming closer and closer, and his heart beat just as quickly.

[How much further?]

[Am I going to be caught up?]

[Is it the scroll?]

Brendel felt there was no certainty that the spider found the scroll, but he could only bet on it. The spider and him turned at a corner and he saw that corpses lying on the corridor. They looked like the workers in this auction site.

[There are enemies here.] Brendel became alert, and he immediately saw that they were skeletons that walked out. He exhaled in relief, and he used the Charge technique to sweep across the undead. They might have been deadly enemies a month ago, but now they were just cannon fodder.

The first skeleton seemed to swung at him with a slow speed, and Brendel’s thrust was ten times faster. The sword cut across the hand and into its chest, and from the cut sections, white flames started to erupt and consume the entire body.

Brendel continued to run past seven skeletons, and when he put his sword back to the sheath, the skeletons fell to the ground and burst into flames. The youth did not have any time to relish on his kills as the crimson figure was already at the corner.

The Crusader Executioner had 22 OZ worth of agility and it far surpassed Brendel who had less than 10. The swinging axe destroyed the ceiling as it reached for Brendel, and he had nowhere to escape.

The only option was to activate Power Break.

When the Thorn of Light met the axe, there was a metallic wail as the blade bent backwards in a bizarre angle. Brendel felt like the bones in his right hand shattered into pieces, and he was flung onto the wall.

It was fortunate that he had landed next to the spider, and he stood up in pain and continued to follow it. He had lost his sword as his hand was unable to hold on to it.





[I can’t feel my right hand….. If I don’t get the scroll, that’s the end of me.]

When he entered the room, he surveyed the room with a hopeful expression, but he saw a scene that he did not wish to see.

A Zombie Outlander which was next to a mercenary’s corpse, turned its head back. It did not expect that someone was outside. It held a scythe that was still dripping blood, and it looked at Brendel with a pair of green flames inside its sockets. The youth found that it was holding on to something tightly.

It was a clear crystal that held burning flames within it.

A Fire Seed.

The Zombie Outlander raised its scythe, but Brendel was one step ahead of it, and he supported his right hand up with his left hand. The pain almost made him tremble, but he said through gritted teeth: “Oss!”

The immense wind pressure that condensed in an instant seem to leave the room in a vacuum, before it exploded with a thunderous boom. The maelstrom of air went straight to the Zombie Outlander and caused deformations to the armor. It was thrown backwards to the wall and blasted it through, leaving behind a gaping hole.

The undead creature was not a defensive creature like the Gargoyle, and it was instantly destroyed like the swordsman in the Pine Fortress.

Half of the body remained behind, and Brendel went forward to grab the Fire Seed from its hand. He did not know how useful it would be, but he did not care anymore. When he turned back, the Crusader Executioner was holding on to a crushed Wind Spider Spirit that dripped green fluids onto the ground.

The monster laughed from within its hollow chest. It was not sentient, but this undead monster had an innate bloodlust towards living creature.

“Fuck off.” Brendel raised the Fire Seed with his left hand and squeezed it—

The crystal ball shattered, and red light poured out from it. It swiveled around Brendel and expanded ten times in size, and moved towards the Crusader Executioner. The monster raised the axe, but it paused and stood still in an instant, as it was paralyzed.





At that moment, all the Elementalists and wizards within ten miles of Bruglas, stopped what they were doing with a change in their expressions and looked towards the direction of Bruglas.

The red light continued to swivel and expand, pouring out from the auction side and went into Hood street, circled around the area and finally spun around the entire Bruglas city. It continued to broaden several miles before it slowly stopped and disappeared.

It was a short moment, but the solders in the Silver-winged Cavalry watched their shadow hounds evaporate in an instant.

The power of Order.

The living undead revered Mother Marsha like humans did. They were also creatures that were based on Order, and the Fire Seed would not affect them. But the Crusader Executioner was different. It was a Nest creature.

The only exception to this was a Guardian Nest, otherwise all Nests are made from the Chaos. The Shadow hounds were low ranking creatures that were unable to fend against it and quickly evaporated into thin air.

The Crusader Executioner was dealt an immense impact and was unable to move. The youth saw that it took 110 damage, and he sighed with relief.

[I gambled correctly…]





No one in their right mind would use a priceless Fire Seed to do something like this, but it proved that Chaos and Order were in opposition of each other.

Brendel took in another deep breath and quickly searched the room for signs of the scroll. The spider must had found the Fire Seed instead of the scroll. He did not find it and he quickly left the area, as the Crusader Executioner would not stay down forever.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 52




17 CH more, youtube music included for this chapter

Chapter 52 – Pursuit, escape

After Brendel ran out of the room, the Crusader Executioner stood up slowly. Its bones creaked and it twisted its body with effort, and its movements started to become smoother.

Brendel found four different Wind Spirit Spiders climbing out from the ruined auction site. Two of the spiders clearly transmitted they found the target, and pointed to their respective targets.

Brendel was slightly relieved they came back with some success. Judging from their intelligence, they were not able to be certain of what they found was the scroll he needed, and he needed to check it for himself.

One of them was to the south, approximately thirty meters away, while the other was in the west leading to the showroom, approximately fifty meters away.

[The possibility that the item is in the showroom is higher, but the danger is beyond words.]

He thought to himself as he unsummoned two Wind Spider Spirits in order to prevent the card from entering the graveyard. As he mulled over the possibility of the scroll’s location, the Soul Fire in the Crusader Executioner was becoming stronger.

[Ciel is gone. The Thorn of Light is lost somewhere in the wreckage, and the bones in my right arm might be fractured. Even now I don’t feel any sensation in it. The spiders are useless against the enemies here, and the Ring of the Wind Empress is recharging. Even though the fatigue from the Mana Exhaustion is settling in, it’s fortunate that I still have half of my stamina and my HP is considerably full.]





He lumbered across the corridor unsteadily, thoughts blazing through him quickly.

[The cursed crossbow isn’t going to work. Another option is to jump from the second floor’s window and escape to a bustling street… But it’s also possible that the undead monster is able to track me from my Life Ripple. And if that’s the case, I will not be able to outrun it under an open area… The Crusader Executioner has weaknesses, but the absolute difference in strength makes it impossible.]

He could almost hear the undead monster moving again. Brendel shook his head and discarded that idea. It was only for a short moment, but it felt like the auction site a tornado had ran into it. The entire landscape of this area had changed, and once the undead monster came after him, he would not be able to escape more than ten meters.

“I need to find a solution.”

He suddenly spotted a skeleton remains on the ground near him. It was most likely his handiwork, and his heartbeat suddenly spiked.

That was a loud crashing sound. The giant skeleton walked out with its axe dragging behind him on the ground, making a loud din. The ribcage of a Crusader Executioner held a blazing flame within it, and the bones were tempered with the powers of Chaos, making them harder than normal metal. It wore pauldrons, helmet and a armored dress.

It turned its head from left to right, but there was no sound in the corridor. It paused. The Life Ripple that it felt earlier, made it certain the human came through this area, but that feeling had become impossibly faint.

Brendel was lying next to the skeleton.

He lightly exhaled and held his breath. He tried his best to steady his heartbeat, and made his blood to slow down as much as possible to escape detection from the undead monster. The Crusader Executioner indeed slowed down. Brendel’s Life Reaper was becoming weaker in its weak vision. It was a little doubtful, and it slowed its footsteps.

To avoid being deceived.

The youth understood that it was possible for it to see him, and he carefully took the black steel sword from the skeleton soldier’s grasp, lightly and slowly. Even though he felt his heart was slow, it was beating forcefully like a huge drum, and it knocked against his senses. He did not know whether he was feeling things wrongly, but the skeleton was approaching him.

It was no more than ten meters.

At this distance, a single assault from the undead monster would have his body split into two. He turned his head a few times, as if to check whether his head was still on his body.

The undead monster took another step.

Brendel was unable to maintain his composure. Even though he had learned to be calm from the game, he was using his life as a gambling token. He had seen the vanguard in the game before, and it was well known that it was able to penetrate army lines with speed and viciousness. The permanent bloodlust it had made it well known to everyone. The axe it had was four meters long and when it put everything behind the axe, it was over twenty tons of force behind it. Humans had to spend one hundred times the price to face an undead army. In Karsuk’s records, the necromancers led ten of these creatures against an entire legion of Aouine’s infantry and was victorious against them. In that battle, these creatures were like moving fortresses, and the infamous legends they had were well known.





The only humans that could face these creatures were well known elites.

Brendel did not reach that level yet.

When the Crusader Executioner’s gaze went over him, his heart accelerated and the blood in his body started to move. The Life Ripple became clear again, and there was a slight pause in the skeleton’s movements.

It had seen through Brendel’s trick.

Time had only passed for a few seconds.

Brendel felt cold perspiration on his forehead. Any actions that he made would invite an attack, but maintaining this situation would only last a few seconds. He looked at his stats and thought that even a few seconds was better than nothing.

[Even a few seconds more is better than nothing!] He prepared himself and rolled over to the side with force.

The skeleton immediately reacted and raised its axe. For a single moment, Brendel felt the cold reflection on the light coming from the blade onto his face, which turned his face white from the light exposure. The monster covered a dozen meters in an instant, with the axe running against the wall, dragging granite and wood splinters along its path, creating a gaping gash in it.

The walls of the showroom have been fortified, but under the immense strength of the undead monster, it was torn apart like a piece of paper. The swing brought along a burst of wind pressure and torrent of debris towards Brendel, but the youth immediately continued his action from a roll to a leap to the wall. He kicked against the wall and flew in the opposite direction of the swinging axe.

The axe was destined to hit the empty ground, and it landed with a thunderous boom. The floor cracked into countless pieces and sent broken rubble flying everywhere. Brendel landed in between the skeleton’s legs and ran through to get behind it..

The undead monster roared from the depths of its soul and tried to stab him with the axe, but Brendel had already moved away from the area and jumped onto the skeleton’s femur bone. It wanted to move the axe around but the ceiling interfered with its movements time after time. In the blink of an eye, Brendel had already escaped its attack three times.

.

It finally realized something and it used its hand to grab the cunning human

[Fifteen seconds!]

Brendel had lasted long enough.

When the skeleton reached for Brendel with blinding speed using its hand, Brendel jumped to the side and activated the Charge technique just as the cooldown finished. Brendel’s speed made him almost twice as fast as the monster, and he sped to the opposite wall, striking it with his left hand with the activation of Power Break—

Twenty OZ worth of strength struck against the wall.

The black steel sword groaned and broke into pieces. The wall was similarly in cracks as the inner structure was destroyed. Brendel threw away the sword and punched the wall with his left hand, and the wall collapsed to the outside. He jumped into the area and found himself in a room. The Wind Spider Spirit was already waiting for him as it had made through the area from the underground sewers.





[I’m near the target.]

But the undead monster was even closer to him. Brendel did not dare to waste any time, and continued to move forward like a comet with the remaining Charge activation time. The skeleton smashed against the wall, missing Brendel by inches. It roared angrily as it failed to reach him, and he struck the wall with axe until the opening was large enough. Rocks fell all over it as it squeezed through the room.

Brendel ran through the doors, while the skeleton charged behind him like a humanoid bulldozer, destroying the walls. It was a short moment, but it had already destroyed three walls, and it looked like a portion of the building had collapsed from the outside.

Brendel was calculating the distance with burning urgency.

[Two more rooms!]





He took out his dagger and turned around to aim for the skeleton. He threw the dagger against it but it simply knocked it aside. The sharp blade merely left a white scar on its bone, but it suddenly raised its head up. There was a Wind Spider Spirit that launched towards its face, but the monster swatted it away and splattered green fluids onto the ground.

Brendel passed through another room.

The monster raised the axe again as it got closer to him, making him shudder. It looked like he was unable to make it in time.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 53




TL: Darn… That’s probably what I get for not reading the chapters ahead. I’m going to change one of the character’s name. Foltest Tirste.This might sound terrible or funny… The transliteration for this particular character is Tai si te, and when I kind of googled to see if there was any pre-existing names already done for it, nope. Google translate put it as ‘Teste’, and I was, really? That’s like one ‘s’ away, you know…

Anyways long story short, I tried to find a medieval name and found witcher 2’s ‘Foltest’ to be the best fit amongst others (medieval sounding enough), so I just stuck it to this character.

Then I found out that chapter 56 had an English supplementary to his name, so I’m changing it. *Sigh*, I’ll retcon my stuff later after I get some rest.

16 more ch.

I’ll be cleaning up the chapters tomorrow for any mistakes.

Edit: Name change on title to Planeswalker

Chapter 53 – Planeswalker

The undead monster took a giant stride and raised its axe. Even though there was a wall behind Brendel and the monster, he was experienced enough to know that he was within attacking distance, and his heart raced quickly. He was unable to think of any solution and the only way he could think of was to sacrifice an arm to save his life.

He was already prepared to make a decision like that.

But at this moment, he clashed into an impossibly attractive young man who was about the age of twenty five who came from the corner. He had silver hair and purple eyes, and his lips were pursed tightly together in an gloomy expression. Behind him were two men wearing a uniform that was deep blue in color, complete with silver colored armor, a long sword attached to the belt, and the pauldrons had silver scales on them.





They wore the formal uniform of the Silver-winged Cavalry.

The young man was the illegitimate son of the Grinores duke, Lord Tirste, who worked directly for the commander of the Silver-winged Cavalry, with the rank of Master Sergeant. He was slightly surprised when he saw Brendel, as if he remembered something, but his expression quickly darkened. He did not say anything and immediately thrust the rapier into Brendel’s heart.

His movements was blindingly fast; his hand did not shake and was accurate. It was something akin to drawing a very fine line with a silver thread, and anyone would have found it difficult to perceive it.

Brendel was particularly alert from the battle with the undead monster. He immediately realized that the person in front of him was hostile and not friendly. As he did not know how strong the person was, he could only try to cover his vitals and turn to one side.

Tirste was slightly taken aback. He did not expect for a normal Iron-ranked mercenary to be so alert. As the adjustment to the blade’s trajectory was late, it only streaked across Brendel’s shoulder like a venomous snake, bringing a spurt of blood into the air.

Brendel uttered a guttural noise and fell backwards together with the sword’s thrust. He saw Tirste’s attack clearly.

[Mid-rank Knight’s swordsmanship. This person is at least a Gold-ranked fighter. If he wasn’t a little distracted in his attack, I would have been a corpse. When did I offend a high ranking Third-tier fighter? And for someone like his age, he must be a ‘Blessed’ person.]

Brendel was not wrong. His opponent was not only a ‘Blessed’ person, he was also one of the bishop within The Unifying Guild (A candidate for the Unifying Guild’s elder.). He was prouder than most people his age because of his achievements.





But this pride had been wounded for the second time when it came to Brendel. Tirste had never failed before, but it was a fact that his plan went awry when Amandina went missing, and he had been in a foul mood ever since.

The Unifying Guild had received news that Amandina’s lineage could have been related to the Seifer’s dynasty one hundred years ago. There was the concern of a great secret, but he thought that the young noble lady was not going to escape and it would not matter, until she disappeared before his eyes. He might have a frivolous expression when he did things, but he was very thorough internally.

It was the first time he tasted failure.

This young man in front of him. The recent information they gathered pointed that the information they had a while ago was wrong. Based on the information from various locations, the Unifying Guild in Bruglas was certain that there was a leader above Leto. Tirste had suspected Brendel ever since he appeared with Batum for the first time.

Though it was merely a suspicion, he did not keep it to heart, and he certainly did not expect to meet Brendel in this place. The instant he saw him he decided to test him out.

His method of testing was killing the person.

Even he killed wrongly, it was fine. After all, Brendel was just a nameless mercenary.

But Tirste did not expect Brendel to give him a surprise. A monstrous surprise.





Brendel’s fall was in between the two soldiers and Tirste. With a roll, he was behind the three men. Tirste was still puzzled over Brendel’s actions and wanted to stab Brendel again, but the wall in front of him suddenly broke apart, with the Crusader Executioner red helmet peeking out from the crevice. The axe came next as it smashed through the crumbling wall and onto Tirste.

Tirste was astonished and he immediately parried the axe with his sword. The blast of wind from the sword made the crumbling rocks fly backwards, but his voice was hoarse.

“Executioner!”

The undead monster realized that Tirste had managed to block its axe with the slender sword, and the Soul Fire within his eyes flickered. It formed its right fingers into claws and went straight for his chest.

Any normal human behind would have his body ruptured by the attack, but Tirste calmly used his left hand and stopped the undead monster’s attack. He did not move much, but under the grasp of his left hand, the skeleton’s fingers could not move.

“Catch that young man!” Tirste did not dare to underestimate his opponent even if he was a Gold-ranked fighter, and he could only order his subordinates capture Brendel at this moment.

But Brendel was far more capable than he thought. He had already considered the possibility of having the Crusader Executioner fight with the bastard. Even before the undead monster’s attack, he had already slipped away to find the scroll.

[It’s just outside this room! … If the Wind Spider Spirit did not get it wrong this time.]

Brendel smashed the door open. The first thing that he saw were the medicine on the table. He recognized it easily because this medicine was the same one that Tamar and he had made.

[It found the wrong item…]

Then he stopped. He went to the table and picked up the box, and he stopped breathing for a moment. In it was the familiar yellow goatskin parchment lying quietly int he box.

[This is it. This scroll can save my life. With the Holy Sword Card, I can use a Tier two attack, even if it’s just for a while, I can face even a Gold-ranked fighter and escape from him!]





He bit his thumb to open a wound on it, and rubbed the blood in the center of the parchment.

It was that simple to form a contract with the Elements—

The parchment glowed and started burning from the corners. It was a fire from another world, from the Element Flames within the abyss Barborda, and it was also know as the Contract Flame. The Element Flame was first used when Mother Marsha established the first contract with the Fire Spirit King.

Once the contract was established, the patterns on the scroll would randomly appear on the back of Brendel’s hand, and it was known as the Element Emblem, and also known as the symbol of Elementalists.

Brendel checked his emblem, and found that it was the most common Fire Emblem. He sighed as he had hoped to have gotten something special. He did not hope for Tulman’s saintly emblems that had all six elements, but he at least hoped to get three or four on his hand. A single emblem meant that he did not really have a future as an Elementalist.

[It’s fortunate that I’m not going to become an Elementalist…]

The contract establishment was reflected in his retina. The green color words indicated that his Elemental Pool was formed. There were six cells for all his Elements, with the exception of the Fire Element, which had seven. With that, Brendel knew that he did not have the potential to become an Elementalist.

A player in the game had seventeen cells for every element, as well as a usable Light and Dark pool. It was the same as a ‘Blessed’ person.

To describe Brendel’s status, he was like the most unsuitable common man to become a wizard or Elementlist, and had the unbelievable luck to use a scroll.

[Let’s see… If I remember correctly, casting one Flame arrow requires three cells of that Flame EP, which kind of means I can cast two basic magic spells every week. Something like Ciel’s basic magic arrow.]

Even though he did not intend to become an Elementalist, Brendel felt like he was going to cry over his horrible Elemental Pool.

He called out the system as he heard footsteps outside the door. He did not know if it’s the young man who was a Gold-ranked fighter, and he wanted to grab the medicine on the table. But he failed to grab on to anything, and he suddenly realized that he was somehow not inside the auction site anymore.

He was in a place with the surroundings in infinite darkness—

[What? All the things in the room are gone… What’s with this darkness, I have never seen this before…. Wait, the only time this darkness happened was when I died. Shit! Did I die already? But this isn’t a game! What the hell is going on?!]

He surveyed his surroundings and wondered if was under an illusion spell.

[But that’s pointless to cast a spell like this. In fact there’s no illusion spell that functions like this. If it affects my soul, then my Unyielding talent will activate. There’s no way I don’t feel anything.]

Brendel found himself at a loss for words in the next moment.

He saw a young man walking out from the darkness. He had blood-red eyes and long black hair that reached his shoulders. He smiled at Brendel, with his long slender hand that looked like it belonged to a woman brushing across his robes.

“It looks like you’re very confused?”The young man said.

Brendel recognized the robe on the young man. But the crimson emblems that intersected each other in four directions on the sleeves made him pause.

A high level Elementalist who held a Twelve-circle spell was able to become a Spirit user, and an envoy for the Spirit King, and would have one flower emblem on his sleeve.

Two flower emblems meant he was a Grandmaster.

Three flower emblems are considered Sages.

[Four flower emblems? Elemental Emperor, Tulman? This young man looks like he fits the legendary description from Mirrna’s records. Black hair with blood red irides, a follower of the Dark Dragon.]

He hesitated for a long, and did not dare to confirm if he was the legendary figure.

[Didn’t he die a few thousand years ago?]

But the young man seemed to see past his questions and nodded.

“Indeed, I am Tulman.”

“You’re Tulman?” Brendel was so shocked that he forgot his surroundings. “How is that possible?”

“That is not important, Brendel,” He replied. “My last contractor had perished three hundred years ago, and the previous person who brought the cards here did not wish to give up on his path as a knight. What I did not expect was to find a new successor just after a few decades.”

He stopped and gave a smile. “What I mean is, would you like to stop here for a while and listen about the tale of the Planeswalker?”

“Planeswalker?”

Brendel was stunned.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 54




TL: Many, many mechanics + lore in this chapter. You should probably read it carefully, can’t guarantee perfect Engrish.

New name change, Dimension Wizard Planeswalker.

This is the exact raw words, 旅法师. It literally means Traveling Mage, but after I researched a bit more about Magic The Gathering, it has something called Planeswalkers (most powerful being in the multiverse of MTG).

Also the level of snark I should put in this chapter…

15 more ch

Chapter 54 – The road to surpass limits (1)

“Planeswalkers?”

Brendel nearly groaned out. He felt his forehead, wondering if he was dreaming. The person before him who called himself Tulman, along with the strange surroundings and information, made his mind a complete mess.

[I have never heard of a profession called Planeswalker in the game. That VRMMORPG is spectacularly complicated and huge, and I can’t possibly know every single aspect of it.]

But Brendel felt that things were too forced, and instinct told him that his guess was incorrect. Brendel had a poker face, but his mind was spinning quickly.

[What place is this? How did I get here? Planeswalkers…… Does this mean that the game world different from this reality?]

Tulman’s hands were placed in his robes, and he was floating in the darkness. He saw that Brendel was showing signs of doubts. He smiled and spoke:

“Looks like you’re still doubtful of this place. This is just a projection magic, and it allows me to transmit the information that I have left behind directly to your mind. There’s no need to worry. This place is inside your mind, and everything is created within you—”

Brendel knew that Tulman meant to say subconsciousness.

“Are you saying that this is a magic that affects the soul? Then why isn’t my Unyielding talent working?” He was slightly calmer than before, but he asked again: “How should I leave this place?”

Brendel suddenly remembered that he was still in danger, and he could not afford to waste any time here.





“There is no need for you to be in a rush to leave. This is the world that you have imagined, and everything that happens here is as fast as your thoughts. The Basett people has a saying: ‘A person could have dreamt a long dream in a single moment’. Even after your thoughts have come to pass, a second has not transpired.”

Tulman smile became even broader: “Even if you are going to die the next second, you can live for an hour longer in here.”

Brendel carefully dissected the meaning of his words. His rational thoughts were willing to believe him, but his instinct still warned him of the danger outside. He took a deep breath.

“I got it, but let us get to the point. Emperor Tulman, what exactly you want to tell me? What’s a Planeswalker?”

Brendel forced himself to calm down and ponder on the meaning of this ‘dream’.

[Tulman said that this is a projection, then it means there’s information he wants to pass to me. But I don’t see myself related to Tulman. Looking at my other half’s body, he’s a pure southern Aouine citizen. He doesn’t have Mirrna or Basett blood in him. There’s no link for me to inherit anything from Tulman.]

Brendel’s thoughts went to the items on his body.

[Projection… Then it must be some sort of medium. There’s a bunch of matchsticks, a deer statue and medicine, the fruit of the Golden Demonic Tree and some reagents. All of these should be excluded. The Ring of the Wind Empress is a replica, so it shouldn’t be that. Furthermore, that ring leads to another different quest.]

Roen had tracked down the information on the painting that contained it, so Brendel got to know the lore. Roen claimed there were thirteen replicated rings centuries ago, and each of them was priceless now. It was a merchant who handed it to a ancient knight, and from then on it exchanged hands until it reached Brendel’s grandfather. As to what happened to the merchant, Roen did not know.

Brendel suspected that Roen was still hiding something, but he was certain that this replicated ring had something to do with the Wind Sage, Osor. Still, that had nothing to do with Tulman.

[The myserious rock that I got from Berg Nesson? I have always felt that his background was more than it seems, as it is strange that Amandina was able to make Magicite for no apparent reason. In the game lore, this was something that puzzled the players. That young man might have discovered that something, maybe not about the Magicite, but the background of Amandina’s family.]

Brendel shook his head. Even though he felt that the mysterious rock was the most suspicious, he suddenly remembered that it was after he used the scroll, that he entered this dark world.

[The scroll itself has the legitimate watermark created by the fairies, so it is not the scroll itself. But the activation of this spell, it is the unlocking of my Elemental Pool. Then… this link. The Cards of Fate. Because I saw them as techniques and not items that I didn’t connect the dots. Now that I think about it, these cards are more and more suspicious.]





The cards had never appeared in the game. Brendel thought that it was incredibly strange that a whole series of cards had not been heard by anyone.

[It’s possible that one might not have heard of one of the card names, like the Wind Spider Spirit card, but not hearing of the deck itself? That’s like saying you have never heard of what a magician wears for equipment. And the exceptional freedom of these cards actually allows a warrior like myself to use magic freely. You can even say that these cards is an entirely new profession. It’s not like these cards appear only in Madara, it appeared in the city that I am most familiar with.]

[The tomb of Gerald, The valley of the Golden Demonic Tree, Fortress Riedon, Bruglas. I have been in these area for a long time, and I can even remember all the rumors for the first three years inside the game. Nothing comes to mind. In the first place, why did I allow myself not to think about these cards?]

Brendel did not realize that he was in grave peril when he found the cards, and like so many people, concentrated at surviving first. Brendel’s fingers felt to his pocket.

[If… this is a whole new profession.]

“You mean a Planeswalker is……?”

“You have guessed correctly, the Cards of Fate are related to a Planeswalker.”

Brendel immediately stopped talking, because he knew that the young Tulman before him was going to explain everything.

“I need to clear one misunderstanding. These Cards of Fate are not created by me. You should have guessed by now, but they are even older than what we know in history.” Tulman brought his hand out and flipped it over. A card was on his palm, but it was facing down. Complicated sigils were drawn on top of it.

“If you take a look at the patterns here, you would find that they are the original sigils. I had merely simplied them with my little understanding, and passed down what I knew to the humans, elves and the Mirrna people.”

“Hold on,” Tulman raised his hand up and stopped Brendel from interrupting him: “I know what you want to ask. Why is it that I’m obviously the descendant from the Mirrna and Basett blood, and an eternal enemy of the light, help the humans and elves?”

He laughed: “It’s very simple. As a Planeswalker, the problems and solutions that I see were different from others. I was all to young when I got these cards, and I tried to pursue the truth in this world. The cards combination that I created was called ‘Unification’, and with that intention, I believed that there was not much difference between the races, or even many other things. The only things that I saw differently was the very basic elements in the world.”

Brendel listened carefully and sat down. He thought for a long time.

“To tell the truth,” Brendel said: “I don’t really get what you mean, can you make it simpler?”





Brendel did not have the mood to think anymore. He only felt that the Planeswalker from Tulman was a new profession to could bring a great change in his future. He did not understand why, or perhaps he was under a wrong impression, but his intuition was telling him that the cards were much more than he thought they would be.

Tulman nodded: “Certainly. To speak about Planeswalkers, you have to start with the cards. Every single card represents a different viewpoint in this world. It is not just a simple projection, or replica of reality. With the cards coming together, they would form a small world that is not unlike this world. Planeswalkers are the only ones who are able to bring true meaning from from these cards and turn it to power in the world.”

He paused for a while before continuing. “Like the cards combination that I use. ‘Unification’, is made up of cards that combines six different elements to describe the qualities in this world, and it represents the meaning of my deck: The power of Laws.”

“And I know of one other Planeswalker,” He continued. “His cards combination is called ‘Infinite power’, comprised mostly of Red and Black Cards of Fate as a combination. He pursued the strongest power. The Red cards can be seen as Fire, but it can also be seen as strength. The Black cards can be seen as Darkness, but it can also be seen as death and destruction.”

“Of course, we both failed to reach the truth of cards.” He shook his head, then smiled again. “The meaning of the cards is made of up of the combination. The Cards of Fate’s unique point is allowing many viewpoints to describe the Laws the world and yourself. One can even see it as the cards representing the inner you.”

“As to where the cards come from, or who created them, we do not know. The earliest Planeswalker should have been born during the Era of Darkness, and I suspect that these are created by the people of Matteya.

It is said that the Matteya is a group of dimension nomads, who move to one place to another. Their understanding of the world is different from ours. We think that the world is a infinitely vast place, with infinite things and knowledge, but the Matteya perceives the world as very small with a very narrow view. They have a concept called ‘uhs’, which is also the origin the Elven and Kirrlutz ‘infinite’. In their eyes, ‘uhs’ contain countless worlds, and they are constantly shifting between them.

I suspect that they understood they have twisted the meaning of the Guardian Land and the world world, and develop a concept like this. However, it is also true that the humans have a limited knowledge of this world.” Tulman suddenly laughed. “I unintentionally talked too much about pointless things, it looks like I have difficulty in getting rid of my habit.”

Brendel asked a question: “I have also heard of the Matteya, and perhaps they are the earliest Planeswalker, what does this have anything to do with me?”

“The Matteya splits a single day into six phases, and strictly speaking a Planeswalker also splits the day into six phases.

The first phase – Six AM to Ten AM, break of dawn to morning.

The Matteya calls this stage as the ‘Growing Sun’, while the Planeswalkers call it the ‘Growth period’. In this stage, a Planeswalker can tap their land cards, and get their mana for the day—”

“Wait!” Brendel said: “Tapping of land cards?”

“Indeed, tapping of land cards. This is the basic ability of a Planeswalker, and their source of power.”

“Can you explain a little more?” Brendel said.

“It’s very simple. If you have a land card, Elemental Pool and Mana Pool, you can tap the card during this time every day, and the land card will draw the energy from the ‘territory’ that they belong to and link it to your Elemental Pool. This way the energy that is created from your ‘territory’ will be converted into Elemental Power and placed in your Elemental Pool.”

“Wait, doesn’t say clearly on the Land card, one Elemental Point each week?” Brendel interrupted.





“That single Elemental Point is outside the Elemental and Mana pool. Its purpose is used for the new users who wished to pursue the path of a Planeswalker, to allow you to use and understand the world’s power. When you become an official Planeswalker, you wouldn’t need it anymore.”

Brendel nodded. “Understood. Please continue.

“At the Growth Phase, a Planeswalker can also gain the ‘bonus’ of the additional effects. An example would be the Highland Squire card. As long as your Highland Squire in on the field, the owner will receive one reputation point. And this reputation point is given during your Growth Phase.

At the same time, a Planeswalker can use several effects from.

Green – Life, nature

White – Light, Protection, Nurture

Red – Fire, Vigor, Vitality

Blue – Water, Nourish, Irrigation

As well as other cards that are mixed in elements.”

Brendel frowned. He had never thought about this before. Ciel had talked about this before, and he recalled about the cards that did not require anything.

“The Second Phase – Ten AM to two PM.

Matteya calls this: Exuberant Growth.

The wizards and witches call this period, the Falling Tide. It is the day where the Sun is at its peak, and the moon at its weakest. As Mana is weakened, the Elements are stronger. It is the period where the Elements are active, and has the Phase where it has the most offensive power.

Planeswalkers call this the ‘Prime Phase’. This is the only time when a Planeswalker can use any card without limits. At the same time he can even draw three additional cards from his deck to place into his hand.” (TL: Hand refers to the set of cards, not the limbs)

Brendel was confused: “What do you mean by drawing cards?”

“This is the law of the Planeswalker. At the start of every day, you can only have a set amount of cards. You might be able to draw more than the cards in a day, but when you reach the ‘Reset Phase’, you have to discard the additional cards in your hand.

At the same time, the stronger a Planeswalker is, the more cards he can control in his hand. For someone who has just started like yourself, you can only control five cards.”

“Are the cards in my hand controlled?” Brendel asked.

“No, the cards in your hand can only be taken in the card combination that you have. My card combination is ‘Unification’ from six different elements, thus the Laws separate my card combination into six equal decks.”

Brendel frowned: “Doesn’t that mean that the uncertainty of the cards are increased? Isn’t it better that I hold on to a limited number of powerful cards and discard the useless ones so that I can maintain my deck strength?”

“In theory that is true, but that is not the final goal of a Planeswalker.”

“Final goal?”

“After the the Third-tier of power, people can unlock their Elements and become stronger than before. You might not know this, but after the unlocking of the Elements is the pursuit of Perfect Physique, from Iron-ranked to Gold-ranked. But that final step, is to pursue the transcendent limits of power described only in legends.”

“As you know, fire is a component of many things, and the purest form is a Fire Element, as it is the basis of all flames. But there has always been a rumor of something even higher than a Fire Element called, ‘Matter’.

‘Matter’, ‘Time’, ‘Space’, even ‘Logic’. It forms of the world’s most basic principles, and we call it ‘Existent Force”

Brendel stared at Tulman speechlessly. He knew of the Perfect Physique as he as Level 130 in the game, a Silver Perfect Physique. He had also heard of the Existent Force.

[Players in the game reported that they did not gain any further experience after level 160 in the game. There was rumors of that Existent Force path, but nobody knew how to get there.]

“You mean to say,” He stuttered: “A Planeswalker can get to that Existent Force?”

Tulman nodded and pointed to the card floating in the air: “When you have created your ‘world’, and the Laws reach an equilibrium with the cards, the path to the Existent Force will open to you. But before that, you have a long way to go, and it starts from your most basic card combination.”

“What do I need to do?”

“The truth is, the moment you got your first card, you have revealed your combination. But I’m a little puzzled… I have never seen your combination before. It seems to show something about a Profession System. I don’t understand why you’re interested in that. And what does this ‘All Supreme Profession Dominance’ mean?” Tulman said with a perplexed expression.

Brendel broke into a cold sweat when he heard that. He was in the mindset of Sophie when he found the cards for the first time. At that time as a gamer he naturally wanted to have a strong profession, and it seemed that his Middle School Second-year Syndrome had been caught by the Cards of Fate.

[Holy shit! Opening the Path of Knights or something crazy like that….. If the Cards of Fate brings one’s viewpoint in the world… Then I’m going to do that All Supreme Profession Dominance as a reality?]

TL: Here’s the phases for Planeswalkers so far…

1) Growth Phase – Tap lands, add bonus effects from cards.

2) Prime Phase – Draw three cards to put into hand. Use any cards in hand without limits.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 55




TL: It’s interesting to see the mixed reaction… The MTG flavor has been there for a pretty damn long time actually. Everyone was like, ‘what does the cards mean!’ in the beginning when Brendel found them like card captor sakura, but now it’s like wtf is going on lol…

I kind of want to set a new poll about this.

Take Our Poll

Chapter 55 – The road to surpass limits (2)

Reaching the highest peak of all professions, that was indeed a road that surpassed limits.

“But how can I become a Planeswalker?” Brendel asked the important question.

Tulman stopped. His script inside him vanished quickly. The last person he met was a Paladin called Gerald. He had tried hard to persuade the excellent youth to forgo his faith, and join the ranks of a Planeswalker but failed. Now that he was prepared for this time and about to persuade the youth in front of him, Brendel seemed to have agreed to become one.

Tulman obviously did not understand the mindset of a gamer.

Naturally, Tulman was very happy to have found a successor. The Tulman here was nothing more than a transmission of information, and since he managed to succeed in this mission, it meant that his millennium long mission was finally over.

So he immediately replied: “To become a Planeswalker, you must first have your own land within ‘uhs. As I had explained before, the infinite worlds described within the Matteya word, means that you need to build your first foothold and set the Land card and tap it.”





Tulman’s voice became serious: “This is the first land of your kingdom. On it, you need to build a strong fortress and summon your faithful knight from your card combination, and from that point forth, you will become a Planeswalker.”

Brendel listened till he was giddy with excitement: “Can I try it?”

Tulman nodded: “Of course. I believe you have a Land card, and that is enough to qualify you for the most basic summons. The crux of the question is how you’re going to build your first card combination.”

“So how should I make the card combination?” Brendel asked, calming himself down to become a good student.

[Planeswalker… A unique existence in this world? Or something that is undiscovered by the Amber Sword. I easily found the card within the tomb, so why did the other players in the game not find it? Or is it because these cards can only be discovered by NPCs?]

Since Brendel had no means to find out the truth, he quietly listened to Tulman.

“To make your own card combination, you must first understand the Cards of Fate. Beyond the Card Type, there are several classifications to the cards.

Characters, Heroes, Beasts, Monsters and even Dragons. When you display the card and summon them, they have different properties and strength, and some even possesses unique abilities.”

“I know of this,” Brendel said: “They are like the Wind Spider Spirits, and the Highland Squire, Ciel?”

“Yes.”

“The second classification?”

“They are spells and abilities. These spells are decided by the Color Type.

– Red, offense

– Blue, versatility

– Gray, defense

– Black, Mystique

There are many other colors that decide the characteristics as well as timing. The White and Green cards can be used at any given time and conditions, but the others require their own conditions.”

“Something like Mana Control?”

Tulman nodded: “The third classification, Treasure. The Treasure card is always white. This card requires a particular medium, it can be the Planeswalker, the summoned creature, and even a barrier.”

“Barrier?”

“This is the fourth classification, Barrier. It has the qualities of a Spell and Land card. It is not movable, but the effect is powerful.

The fifth classification is Resource. The Resource card is similar to the Land card. It can be added to a Barrier, or placed into a Land card. The Resource card is another source of power, and high combination cards require the use of a Resource card.

The sixth classification is the Ritual card. This is a unique card type. As you become stronger as a Planeswalker, you will gradually come into contact.

The seventh classification is the Event card. This is another unique card. If you access and complete the event, you will be able to utilize the effects on the card. Be careful as the Event card is a limited usage card. It will not enter the graveyard but disappear entirely.”

Tulman told Brendel that the remaining special cards are only understood when he became more powerful, and there was no need to understand it now.

“Thus, a Planeswalker card combination is combined with all these classfied cards. One can summon and cast spells and barriers to perform a combination of attack and defense. But you won’t be able to order the sequencing of the cards because of the Laws surrounding it. So, what do you think of it?”

[I see…]





Brendel’s heart was beating excitedly. He could almost imagine a card combination. The best part about this was not requiring him to spend any experience points of him. It was a true side profession apart from his original professions.

[This isn’t just a simple, ‘Wow, it’s a strong profession’, this is blatantly cheating!]

Brendel started muttering to himself.

“Since the card combination is describing a profession, then my cards should automatically reflect that. My first combination is a ‘Knight’, and a ‘Knight’ requires a squire, battle horse, equipment, and related techniques to the the ‘Knight’. Then the barrier card protects his fortress and land…”

Tulman did not look surprised. Each time Brendel said something, cards would appear and float in the air.

The first card had already entered the graveyard. It was the Earth/Water Highland Squire card. The second card was a Green color Wind Element card called, ‘Mercenaries of Lopes’. The card itself was drawn with watercolors, depicting a group of military men carrying swallowtail flags with a horned emblem in it, while their uniforms differed from each other, with their equipment ranging from bows, axes and shields.

The description of the card:

Mercenaries of Lopes

(The Alliance of City-states XI)

Wind 8/Mana 14

[Creature – Human/Mercenaries, Level 15 Creature]

Place a group of 12 Lopes Mercenaries into the field.

Maintainence: Pay 2 Wealth every day when the mercenaries are in the field.

‘Ever since the First Age, 172 years, the Mercenaries of Lopes are renowned for their bravery, skill in and loyalty in battles.’

When Brendel talked about a battle horse and equipment, three cards appeared. ‘Holy Sword’, ‘Golden Battle Flag’ and ‘Silver Colt’. When he spoke about techniques, the cards ‘Sun Blade’, ‘Sprint Drive’ appeared.

Finally when he was describing his lands, the final card ‘Rich Gold Mine’ appeared.

Brendel saw the cards appear before him as he spoke, and he was surprised but he did not stop talking. He asked: “What’s happening?”

“Other than the Holy Sword and your Highland Squire cards, these are the cards I’m giving you.” Tulman explained. “When you described your cards, I removed them from my deck and transferred them to you. This is your first basic combination, and perhaps you will perfect your ‘Knight’ combination in the future. In any case, this means that you have started your path as a Planeswalker.”

[Oh my god, this is such a good harvest. I had to spend so much for a card like the Wind Spider Spirits, but I got six of them in an instant!]

He gulped as he looked at them. “So what happens next after this is mine?”

“Now is the time to create your Territory, so that you can use your cards. However, I have to remind you about the relationship between your cards and territory. A card combination can be supported with many different territories, but a single territory can only support one card combination. This means that different card combinations have their own specific Land cards to support them, and you should not rely on just one territory to support a card combination. A full deck requires a large Territory system.”

Tulman’s voice became stern again. “Therefore, you need to collect more Land and Resource cards as these are your foundation.”

Brendel nodded.

“Then let us establish your Territory.” Tulman continued. “Bring out your ‘Garden of the Holy Tree’ and display it.”

The moment Brendel displayed it, there was a flash of green color in his eyes. He saw the color fill everywhere, trees growing to form a lush forest with vigor. A mysteriously huge tree stood in the center of the forest admist a pool.

Brendel finally understood the description of the card. This was the creation of a territory. He could clearly feel the connection of the forest in his spirit as long as he desired to see it. But this forest was not in the same world he was in right now, and he could feel the distance between him and the forest.

It was a special feeling, intimate and yet distant.

Brendel looked back at Tulman with shock. After so long in the game, there was nothing that shocked him anymore, but the feeling right now was one of utter glee and expectation.





“The Land Card in your territory has matured. The area is very big and borders have been formed. It is a considerably good Territory, and it will provide you two Nature points and One Element Point every day when you tap it. In the future you might encounter a ‘Unique’ and even ‘Legendary’ land, which are much better than a ‘Basic’ land. Just note that if you use them as a Land card, you will lose the benefits of the Resource and Barrier Card.”

“What do you mean?” Brendel did not understand.

“First, take a look at your card combination. When you created your territory, you have become a qualified Planeswalker. Your card combination has become a deck and your cards will change everyday and enter into your hand.”

Brendel opened his hand and found four cards. They were the Holy Sword, Mercenaries of Lopes, Rich Gold Mind and the Sprint Drive.

“Look at the description of the Rich Gold Mind.” Tulman explained like an old teacher.

When the youth looked at the card, he understood his meaning:

Rich Gold Mine

(Alliance of the city-states VII)

Earth 2

[Resource mine/Wealth]

Place Rich Gold Mine on an (untapped) Land Card and receive 4 Wealth.

‘Gold within rocks.’

“Understand? Regardless of a Resource or Creature Card, a Planeswalker can only use them once every day, until the Reset Phase from ten PM to two AM, where the cards will go back in your deck and shuffle. This is when your Resource card that was attached to your Land card, return to the deck and await for the next draw.”

Brendel nodded. He felt like he had nodded more times than the previous month combined.

“Finally, I need to remind you that the cards that you have used or overdrawn, with the exception of the Creature card, will return to your deck. When you enter the Maintenance Phase, you will draw cards until you replenished your hand.”

Tulman suddenly stopped and his expression changed. He tapped Brendel’s arm and said: “Looks like our time is up since your enemies are here now. I don’t wish for my successor to die the moment you became a Planeswalker. You’re a qualified user now, so use your resources wisely to deal with them.”

Brendel was startled.

[That’s right. I still have enemies out there. The two soldiers from the Silver-winged cavalry are still okay to deal with, but that young man is an enemy with Gold-ranked stats. Even though Tulman said I should easily handle my enemies now, but I really doubt it.]

Brendel suddenly opened his eyes, and found he was still maintaining that posture to grab the medicine. The surroundings in the room had not changed, and it felt like the things about the Cards of Fate, Tulman, Planeswalker, were a dream.

But Brendel knew that it was not a dream, because he was holding on to the cards in his hand—

The situation did not allow him to think too much, because he could hear footsteps coming closer. Brendel immediately brought out the Mercenaries of Lopes and displayed it. He grabbed the Mana Potion on the table and drank it. With 6 Wind EP and 11 Wind Element Crystals, and 15 Mana points, he was able to use the card.





Twelve summoning circles immediately appeared in the room.

The two soldiers probably could not expected it even if they exhausted all their imagination. When they brought the door down, they found seven crossbows, two longswords and three axes focused on their bodies. These bandits with weapons in their hands looked like they came out from a theater. Most of them had curly beards with bright colored clothes and intricate patterns over their leather armor, complete with a long robe and a shield on one hand.

The two soldiers widened their eyes. They were not clear about Brendel’s identities and acted out of the orders given. Tirste had told them he was a criminal, but they were stunned when they saw them.

[These damn bandits are wearing such ridiculous attires, do you think you’re the legendary Lopes Mercenaries?!]

That hateful young man was looking in the center of the room amongst them, looking like he was completely prepared for this outcome —

TL: I think that the system doesn’t really distract the users about the plot, at least until the part where I skimmed through relatively far away. Action is still great and Brendel doesn’t get OP, yet, so if readers are worried, well you can generally hope for it to be good.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 56




13 more Ch.

Chapter 56 – The invitation from the Unifying Guild

The battle was over before it had started—

Brendel ordered the Lopes Mercenaries to bring the two soldiers who were knocked unconscious to the room’s corner.

[That swordsman is probably going to reach here soon. The difference him and my stats is nearly twenty times, and he’s even worse than Ebdon or the Crusader Executioner. Even the slightest mistake in fighting him is fatal.]

Brendel held his left shoulder where the sword struck him. It was burning and the pain came in pulses. If Tirste came with full strength at him, it was literally impossible for him to even see his movements. Brendel wiped away the perspiration on his forehead and rubbed his forehead.

[We just met for the first time and the reaction he did was to attack me. The only organization that I offended was the Unifying Guild, so is he one of the assassins for them? But it doesn’t really fit their actions. Their typical actions are subtle and intentionally so. Even if they want to take revenge, they wouldn’t pick this place as a venue. Collaboration with Madara? That’s even more ridiculous. The Unifying Guild believes in Chaos and follows the Twilight Dragon, how can they work together with Madara believes in the Laws of Darkness?]





He shook his held to clear his messy thoughts. He pointed at different directions and instructed: “The six of you, move separately.”

The most important thing right now was to save his own life.

[Ah. But maybe what I told them to do was unnecessary. Should I call them back? … No, it’s better to be prepared, especially since it doesn’t make a difference if they are here or not.]

Brendel would have normally been delighted to order these Iron-ranked mercenaries to and fro, but right now in this cold and harsh reality, there was a Gold-Ranked swordsman who was trying to pick a bone with him, and it made him unsettled.

For a person to unlock the Third-tier strength, his Overall Power Rating had to be over one hundred OZ.

[That swordsman is using a thin blade, so he is probably training in the Elven swordsmanship which focuses on agility. If that’s the case he might have over 120 OZ in agility and his reactions must be faster than a normal person by twenty over times. That kind of speed burst is two times faster than a racing car. To handle that, his physique is also strong enough to handle the pressure from the air resistance. 60 OZ in physique. That defense is the rough equivalent of a tank. If I use the wind bullet against it… A dent?]

A swordsman who had unlocked the Third-tier, could be described as a monster in human form. Brendel thought of what was going to happen if he received a blow from him.

[Booooom, fly into the walls, passing through several of them before finally stopping? That person could run around the entire place under one minute and search for me. Even if I send the twelve men out to delay him, that’s only a few seconds worth. A few seconds means nothing to me, but in that time he could have killed me many times over.]

Brendel sighed. He thought he had basically controlled the situations under his plans. He was always very careful to avoid the existences of these people. In his adventures, the only mistake that he had was offending the Unifying Guild, but he was certain to avoid their eyes.

The only thing that he did not realize, was that this current situation was nothing more than a coincidence. Brendel got up and pulled out the soldier’s sword, then looked back at the door. The remaining Lopes Mercenaries had secured the passageway, while the corridor was silent and empty. But this silence made one uneasy.

Brendel displayed the Holy Sword card. White wings extended behind him, and a gigantic sword appeared behind him with the sigils of golf flowers. This was the third time he brought out this card. The power of the sword entered his body, and he like he could destroy the walls with a single finger. But he knew that it was just an illusion, and he only became as strong as mid-tier Silver-ranked fighter.





[Sure, it allows me to hurt the opponent, but the agility difference between us will result in me getting pierced through my thraot. But this still gives me a chance.]

There were several screams that came from the corridor, and the Merceranies of Lopes card immediately darkened by half.

Brendel’s heart gripped tightly. He raised his head and happened to see the young silver-haired noble slowly walking out from the corner. He wore a short black colored cloak and held a rapier in his hand, and there were droplets of blood on his blade.

[Crystal Scorpion Sting. It’s not even close to the most damaging weapon for its level at 60, but the toughness of the sword is amazing. When I was still a noob, I heard a veteran saying users of this weapon had extreme confidence in his skills.]

Brendel did not know if that statement was true, but at least from the appearance of this man, he looked like he trusted in himself.

At the same time he looked at Tirste, the noble was looking back at him with amethyst colored eyes. When he saw the remnants of the Holy Sword on his back, it narrowed slightly, before looking at the rest of the men behind him.

[It looks like he has some skills, but that’s nothing really much for me to take note of. Even if I don’t show my fangs at him, I’m still able to pressure him. If that’s the case…]

Tirste flicked his sword and returned it to his sheath, and the corners of his lips lifted. His smile was as sweet as a girl’s serene smile.

The attractive youth’s eyebrow lifted slightly: “Have I seen you before somewhere?”

Brendel did not know what he was planning, and could only force himself to be calm. He gave a derisive smile, showing part of his teeth, before saying: “Indeed. I believe that you stabbed me with a sword about a minute ago. But before that moment, I have not seen you at all, Ser.”

He spat the words out. As he did so, he was quietly opening his Window Stats, and the lines appeared before him like a waterfall.

[4730 XP. The Elemental Scroll saved me nearly 2000 XP, and most importantly it saved me the time from completing the mission. Even a few days are too wasteful.]

Tirste shook his head, not angry at all: “No. We met much earlier. I am certain that I have seen you inside the Cavalry Headquarters.”

“Cavalry Headquarters?”

“Correct.”

“Who are you?” Brendel suddenly realized something, but he was much more relaxed after he thought about it, and he spoke calmly.

“My name is Tirste. I chose this name for myself, taken from the Kirrlutz ancient word ‘Tiryhd’ which means ‘struggle’. If you are asking about my identity, then I am the Master Sergeant of the White-Mane army, and the right hand of the Silver-winged Cavalry’s commander, as known as viscount Marnowell. But compared to these boring titles, I still like my name. It is simple, meaningful and full sacrifice.”

[…… This is the first time I have seen someone bragging his own name with a smile like that.] Brendel thought to himself.

[So it’s him. Does that mean that he had already found the truth to Amandina’s situation? It’s unlikely, unless that cripple betrayed me… Does the cripple have that kind of courage?]

Brendel forced himself to remain calm in case Tirste discovered something.





[Viscount Tirste. He did not make too much of a splash in the Aouine’s history. The only impression I have of him is how he fell in love with a bard which ended sadly. But I do know of his personality. He might appear frivolous, but this person is careful to the point of being inflexible.]

Brendel suspected that he had something to do with the Unifying Guild since he was the right hand of the Silver-winged commander, Megeska. Looking at how mysterious his actions were, he was most likely related to the Unifying Guild. But Brendel was quite surprised. Tirste did not match the lore within the game, where he was described as bullied since he was young and had a twisted personality because of that. The Tirste in front of him was completely unperturbed without appearing to be a hypocrite.

Tirste’s smile was like a beautiful snake. Even though Brendel knows there was danger coming from him, but he could not help but appreciate that elegance.

Tirste’s hand was still on his sword, as though he was trying to say ‘there is still unfinished business, and I don’t deny the fact that I might run you through, but other than that, we can chat freely.’ It was as thought he had put aside life and death, and held on to his own principles.

Brendel was unable to find any weakness from his appearance. But the other soul in him had a fiery resistance to the powerful, otherwise he would not have fought against Madara for ten years. A cold smile illuminated his face, showing that he was calm.

“I don’t recall offending you. Vicount Tirste.”

Tirste’s eyes contracted slightly.

[This man isn’t simple. I made a sneak attack on him and he actually managed to escape my attack as a low tier Iron-ranked fighter. This means that he has some measure of skill. And now…]

It was a simple rebuttal, but it was a riposte and it was a trap to get more information out of him. The noble with silver hair felt a little awkward, and he rubbed his nose a little. He did not want to be led by his nose, but his pride did not allow him to pretend that he did not hear Brendel’s words.

“Well spoken. But not everyone in this world has a choice.” Tirste said.

Brendel’s eyes narrowed a little. Tirste was offered a carrot before using a stick, and it appeared the situation was not as good as he imagined. But handing over Amandina was not a possible choice. He worked his mind furiously as he quietly put all his points into the Mercenary class, finally reach level 20.

For the first time, his strength broke past the limits of 10 OZ. Even though it was still beneath Tirste eyes, he had risen to a mid-tier Iron rank fighter.

“What are you trying to say?” Brendel’s hand suppressed the Holy Sword’s strnegth, and his hands were sweaty.

Tirste seemed to have seen through Brendel’s actions, but he did not act upon it. However, this behavior actually made Brendel feel like he was facing a great enemy, and as a veteran warrior, Brendel was trying to find every possibility where Tirste was going to attack, and a bead of cold perspiration streaked past his forehead.

[This damned Tirste… Even though he looks like he doesn’t care, but he’s watching me closely.]

“Let’s be straightforward. What is your relationship to Leto?”

Brendel’s face color nearly turned when he heard Tirste’s question, but the qualities that he had gotten so far from his experience were not false. Within an instant, he had calmed down and answered coolly: “What Leto.”

Brendel looked like he did not know anything, but his mind was crashing around like a ship at the mercy of a thunderstorm.

[From what position is Tirste asking me from? Regional noble? White-mane army? Unifying Guild? Shit, it feels like all these possibilities are possible, but there’s no hard evidence. But the most important thing is how much they know.]

Brendel stared at Tirste’s eyes as it was his forte, and he had tricked many top players from Madara, but appeared like it was ineffective here.





Tirste did not find any mistakes from Brendel, but that was precisely why he became suspicious. He smiled: “Your answer doesn’t mean anything, and killing you is the simplest solution to me. But your performance has me appreciate your talents. I don’t really care what you say, because there’s no meaning— Brendel, right? I only want to ask you this, are you willing to join us?”

Brendel really wanted to act ignorant and say ‘Us?’, but when he saw the hand on the sword wearing a black ring with the shape of a snake biting its tail, he gulped down his answer. He knew that Tirste was giving him a final warning, either join him or report to Mother Marsha.

But joining the Unifying Guild was a torture to Brendel. They were just second to Madara as his greatest enemy. That was not the only thing, because joining the infamous Unifying Guild meant that he had to accept their branding for his whole life. This was not a road that he was willing to walk, unless there was no road left.

Brendel stopped fiddling with his Windows Stats.

He had to choose between Tirste’s sword or the Unifying Guild.

The room was full of dead silence.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 57




TL: Again, all the recent chapters are unedited and unpolished, so Engrish beware.

12 more ch.

Chapter 57 – Weight

Brendel sat down on a chair with a hesitant face and looked at viscount Tirste, but his mind was conscious of the new facts that came to him, and was moving quickly.

[The Unifying Guild most likely suspects the relationship between Leto and me. I don’t know how Tirste recognized me, but this means that the news leaked very much earlier than I suspected. The Unifying Guild bastards’ goals are authority. The entire kingdom, royal family or the government are their enemies. If the Unifying Guild is interested in us, then it’s because of the effects we had on the refugees.]

Brendel’s lips curled up slightly.

[If I consider that, then I still have a certain gambling chip… No, I shouldn’t see it as a chip. A balance scale is more appropriate for this situation. Tirste has a Weight called “Brendel’s life”, and my Weight is “The ability to control the masses”. Which is heavier, that’s difficult to say.]

Brendel would not act like a rookie at this juncture, and he was certain that he had an advantage for knowing what the opponent had in his hand.

[I won’t give on the stakes yet!]





Brendel tilted his head and gave a small smile, lowering his attitude: “Very well. You won, or perhaps I should say your sword has won. Viscount Marnowell, Ser Tirste. I have not dealt with you before, but since you believe that I have something to do with the Red Bronze Dragon, Leto, then I will be open with you. I’m sure you want me to join you, but your goals should not end just there right—”

He spoke and send a small gesture to his summons to watch for any other intruders around the area, as he did not want anyone else to interfere with his plans. The gesture was mostly hidden, and it did not fool Tirste’s eyes. Brendel had intended to show that on purpose.

A gesture could sent the correct signals, and it could also transmit the wrong hint.

After receiving the order, the two mercenaries expressed themselves through their eyes. They took their axes and stood silently on each side of the door. The mercenaries had all the qualities of the legends, unified, brave, loyal, as well as having a great insight to strategies.

Tirste placed most of his attention on Brendel with a hand on his sword, but when the mercenaries moved, he lifted an eyebrow.

[These mercenaries are as good as the rumors. No wonder they are able to clear a path through Madara’s armies.]

Brendel had successfully led Tirste to reconsider the situation.

Tirste believed that the youth in front of him was quite likely to be the mastermind of the mercenaries, and in truth his guess was not wrong. But the problem it was only a guess. When he tried to find some evidence through Brendel’s words, he did not say anything useful at all.

The first basis of the negotiation was, ‘Brendel is the leader of Leto and the mercenaries’.

Brendel looked slightly nervously at Tirste, afraid that Tirste would somehow object or just stab him with his sword. But he exhaled quietly with great relief.

[It looks like the viscount is at least a capable and self-conceited person. The first step is working well, but here comes the next step of maintaining the power struggle and manipulating him—]

Tirste did not have Brendel’s skills in manipulation. He merely smiled with agreement in his heart. Brendel was willing to disclose his identity, so Tirste felt that Brendel was being sincere. The Unifying Guild did not mind giving out generous promises, as long as they were given absolute loyalty.

“You’re not wrong. So tell me, what exactly are we planning?” The young noble put down his sword and asked patiently.





Brendel took a silent breath and cursed him. Tirste was really troublesome to handle.

“A normal person in your position would be wondering what the mercenaries are planning to do, especially when the mastermind is hiding behind someone’s back. With the tens of thousands of refugees gathering in Bruglas, and the slow reaction from the nobles, these refugees might as well be a barrel of gunpowder waiting to erupt.” Brendel held onto the armrest and said without any change to his expression.

“Very good,” Tirste: “So what are your goals?”

[Goals? What are my goals, you ask? Isn’t it to find some base so I can level up, set up some political party and become the president?]

Brendel rolled his eyes in his mind, but he was unable to find a good answer to this question so he countered with the same question: “And what are your goals?”

“I will do what the Unifying Guild orders to me.” Tirste smiled and said politely.

Very few people knew what the Unifying Guild’s true goals are, but there were many who had heard of its infamy, and it reached even distant shores. They had caused great tragedies in different places, and the people who discussed the events would have their expressions changed. People saw them as devils incarnate.

Brendel knew them well, but he acted like he was understanding them for the first time. He laughed twice: “It seems that we don’t have the same idea, but our plans line up together on this matter.”

Brendel lied through his teeth.

Tirste turned his head back to look at the other mercenaries. They looked like they were indifferent. He believed in his eyes, and he could find even the smallest change in one’s expression. His conclusion was that the youth’s followers were not against Brendel’s words, or at least he did not lie.

Tirste thought for a while but he did not understand Brendel’s words: “Explain.”

Brendel recalled some words from his female leader. ‘The best way to lie to someone, is to let them hear what they want to hear.’ It was not something that was too complicated, but he thought that beautiful women knew how to lie well. Since his female leader was one of the top beauties in the game, she was most likely correct.

Stray thoughts entered Brendel’s mind, but he had already decided on his words.

“To put it simply. You’re against the country. I’m against the country. But you’re idealists, I’m someone ambitious, that is as simple as it is.” He answered with half truths.

The word ‘idealists’ won Tirste’s good will. “It seems like our paths are indeed different. But I think I understand what you’re trying to say. You don’t want to join us, you want us to become allies.” His thumb stroked the sword’s hilt. “Are you not afraid to die?”

“Even if you kill me, Aouine is a dying country that has many predators waiting for it, and you won’t hurt the overall situation. But if I’m alive, we would have mutual benefits, and you might even get assistance from my side. Of course, this isn’t entirely free—”

“But you must know, the Unifying Guild’s job isn’t to create a new kingdom on top of ruins.” Tirste was all smiles.

“Allow me introduce myself. When the old system fails, a new system would grown on its corpse. That is my job.”

Brendel had exceptional talent in lying as he had no change to his heart or expression.

“That is certainly brave,” The noble started clapping in spite of himself: “Because of Aouine’s different factions gathering their own power, the local nobles are scheming hard to gain independence. I am quite certain they would not expect a youth to rave like this. Tell me, what exactly do you have to steal power from the Corvado Family that had ruled this land for centuries.”

Brendel laughed with confidence, but it hardly hid his guilt. However, Tirste had already started to believe in Brendel’s words with a preconceived mindset and completely did not expect he was full of shit.





“Gamblers don’t have the confidence of a certain win. As long as the returns are big enough, the only thing that matters is the bravery to see it through. You must understand that ‘risks’ had never been used to test the desperate.”

“But if that’s the case, that means we’re doing pointless stuff right?” Tirste put his weight into one side as he raised his arms.

The Unifying Guild’s directive was to return to Chaos, but Brendel was telling him that the Laws were continuously destroyed and repaired like a natural cycle.

“If there are no advantages for us, what do you think I should do?” Tirste asked.

“When a kingdom falls into internal strife, civilization would decline, isn’t that your goal?” Brendel went straight for the jugular.

Tirste’s expression changed slightly, as if to reflect his heart: “Looks like you really do understand us.”

“I understand ALL my friends and enemies.” Brendel said with double meaning in his words.

Brendel’s forehead was starting to perspire. This was the final moment.

Tirste fell into deep thought. At this moment his condescending attitude was gone. It was the first time that he found the youth in front of him to be much more complicated than what he had imagined.

He did not entirely believe Brendel’s words, but Brendel’s steadfast resolution had intrigued him. His hand was on his sword, his heart was clear on the numerous events that letting a person to have disastrous consequences.

But was the youth going to threaten him?

“I still have another question, have you been to the Pine Fortress?” Tirste finally raised his head and asked a question without really thinking about it.

Brendel’s expression changed. He was incredibly worried that the Unifying Guild would discover that he killed a high ranking member. He had an advantage that the bodyguard in the fortress was at least two sub-tiers above his Iron-rank, and he would hardly be suspected.

But if the Unifying Guild was able to discover his presence, what was to say they could not discover the truth now?

But before Brendel had the chance to think about his reply, Tirste’s hand suddenly flashed, and the sword was already coming towards him.

[He discovered the truth?] Brendel’s heart turned cold and he subconsciously turned on the charge technique, but he immediately suppressed the thought to counter attack, as he had seen the path of Tirste’s sword when he raised his speed by ten fold—

Brendel knew that Tirste was testing him.





And just like he thought, the sword struck behind him and into the chair.

Brendel felt his forehead turning cold with perspiration.

“A mid-tier Iron-rank,” Tirste muttered to himself, frowning: “Looks like you’re not that garbage’s match. But this is really strange, how can the timing be such a coincidence?”

Brendel did not say anything, but he was cursing at Tirste for suspecting his abilities even at this moment.

Tirste put his sword back into his sheath and looked deeply at the youth. “How much trouble can you create for the nobles in the near future?”

He asked.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 58




TL: I hope you guys enjoy the end of that auction mini-arc, kind of want to close the file on that auction site. What’s going to happen next is me finishing my assignments first before going back to TL. That means I’m not going to TL TAS for a few days until maybe Thursday or Friday.

11 more ch to go

TL: Scroll down a lot if you want to skip to the story, otherwise read on for some analysis on the in-text power rankings.

I recall a comment on Mahouka Rettousei’s protagonist Tatsuya, describing him as a shark swimming in a very small pool, because he owned everyone in school. I find that it kind of applies to Brendel too. Most of the commoners/mercs react in a very WTF manner whenever Brendel does his stuff, but when it comes to the really strong people like Tirste, Brendel gets his ass handed to him.

Just for some level info rehash

Iron-ranked Tier is 16-30 (Brendel recently increased his level to 20.)

Silver-ranked is 31-40

Gold-ranked is 41-60 (Tirste is assumed to be level 40+ since his description is one who has just entered Gold Rank)

– Gold-rank + nearly unlocks Elemental power, 50-51

– Gold-rank + unlocked Elemental power, 51-60

Above that is some other term that I’ll revisit later since these characters have not appeared yet.

Here’s a power hierarchy that’s based on innate talent (ranked by me).

Commoners

Soldiers/most mercs

Freya/Felix/Brendel (without the cheat system)

Ebdon/some of the Madara undeads

Tirste/People with ‘Blessed’ status/Brendel’s grandfather probably/Players in the game

Tulman (Planeswalker candidate to surpass level 160, but he failed)

Planeswalker who surpassed level 160

So just based purely on the history and lore, Freya managed to climb to the Goddess of War level some time later at the end of Aouine’s demise. I’ll assume that she’s at level 60+, maybe just slightly higher than gold rank and reached the next level.

Brendel/Felix has been described to be really good in the path of the sword, so if they are still alive, they will reach around Freya’s level, but probably slightly lower.

And they have basic NPC commoner stats.

I think I read somewhere from Brendel’s description in the story, Ebdon becomes really powerful if he’s not killed, and he’s alive even after Freya died in the original lore, and gave players a really hard time, so he’s next in hierarchy.

‘Blessed’ Status. As you can see, Tirste’s stats are off the charts. He has been described as having two times the speed of a F1 racing car (120 agility), and he has the toughness of a tank (60 phys), and stopped the Crusader Executioner with one hand. And he’s just level 40+.





Brendel’s grandfather is very likely to be powerful as heck, because Brendel had repeatedly said that he’s too good to be just a veteran from the November war.

When I look at it from a DnD POV, the stats growth of Brendel’s profession is also garbage. His mercenary growth stats are better than his militia growth, certainly, but he’s actually trying hard to save his XP, probably for his Knight or Paladin class which has much higher stats growth. Since there’s a limit at level 160, I can assume that his stats growth from his profession is limited, and he also has to compete with ‘Blessed’ enemies whose stats are maybe two times higher than him.

This is where I’m still immensely impressed because the author is really quite intricate with his overall stats progression and still makes sense from many angles. I think that it’s a little strange that Brendel is the only one with MTG/Planeswalker status, but I don’t really think it makes him that OP yet, considering that he’s simply lacking that base growth compared to a ‘Blessed’ character.

Anyways, I still find TAS to be awesome. There’s quite a bit of fine details that I think people might miss so I’m putting my input here.

/End info

Chapter 58 – Disaster’s aftermath

“A riot?”

Batum was sitting on top of a thick tree branch, which appeared to be a elm or beech tree. His legs stomped onto the base of it as he suddenly sneezed. He rubbed his nose and looked up with an expression of disbelief.

This abandoned sawmill was outside Bruglas, right along the edge of the forest. Sparse tree stumps could still be seen. Most of the wooden logs came from the north of the Pine River, and the people here intercepted the logs and process them here. The factory could be seen from the nearby pine trees, while one could see the corner of the building here.

It was time for the moon to be nearly up in the sky, indicating that the rise of Mana. Matteya described this period ‘The slumber of myriad creatures’. Planeswalkers could only use the Blue, Black, Gray, Green and White cards during this phase, allowing them access to defense and counterattack manuevers.

Brendel watched the last few birds fly into the shadowy forest as the white moon appeared above the pine forest, before everything went quite with the exception of the occasional sounds from the birds.

The city of Bruglas was to the north, and if one was to gaze from the edge of the forest, they would find an aurora on top of the darkened mountains. Stars lit the sky and it looked like there were precious gems decorating it.

Brendel was familiar with this place. One half of him recalled that he used to train with a sword here with his grandfather. The other half recalled that this place would become a bandits’ den seven years later, and after the Regent Princess went after the illegal merchants, the underground auctions were moved and held here.

Brendel felt slightly dazed as he went back and forth to the two memories, and the images felt like they were faded yellow photos.

Amandina stood uneasily beneath the open sky. She wore a pretty white dress. She had never been out to the outskirts of Bruglas so late, and even she was still a young noble girl, she had rarely attended slumber parties with the other girls. She had always felt she was somewhat of a loner, but she had proudly thought that it was because she was nothing like the other ignorant ladies.

She gazed at the silver moon. She was slightly apprehensive in the dark forest, but she was also feeling curious, and she wanted to keep on going with the people around her as the adventurous streak and thrill seeking feelings grew in her heart.

It was completely new and exciting for her.

But she quickly stopped that and calmed down. She took over Batum’s words and gave her own opinion.

“If Tirste isn’t testing us, then the Unifying Guild is planning something and needs us to draw the attention of the nobles. And I think there’s the possibility of both that.”





“It’s just as well, my lord. We shouldn’t have any dealings with these devils in human skin.” Batum raised his voice: “Now that the bastard in a noble’s attire isn’t here, he can’t threaten any of us. My lord, didn’t you say ou’re going Randner? All of us will follow you there! I want to see if he can do anything to us once we’re gone!”

Amandina listened to Batum and looked at Brendel. She finally realized that Brendel was not just a high ranking member of the mercenaries, he was the leader amongst them. This made him appear more mysterious in her eyes..

But what made her steel her heart was Tirste’s identity as the Unifying Guild’s member. That organization name in Aouine was not just infamy, and the girl paled when she heard of that name. Even though she wondered if Brendel was lying to her, but it looked there was no need for the young knight to do so.

She quickly saw that Brendel was shaking his head.

Brendel took his mind off the Windows Stats. He was certain that Planeswalker was not a profession. He had seen no indication of the word anywhere in it, and it was not even a title or sub-profession.

[A Planeswalker’s core is still the Cards of Fate. If I’m able to read the cards through the system, then maybe I can see this as a unique item that has its own system, and based on that a player can simulate and implement the abilities of any profession. Even though this is outside the rules of the game and it looks like it’s very powerful, but if any player can make use of it, it’s not something that’s uniquely powerful.]

Brendel could only guess why it did not appear in the game but appeared in this world.

But what Brendel was surprise was how this ‘item’ system could grow. It was not limited to just gathering more cards, but was also based on the individual level. When he was level ten as a mercenary, he had four cards, when he rose to level thirteen, he had five cards, and the Elements related to the Knight card combination, Red, Gold and Gray, had risen by one cell in his Elemental Pool.

That was when he heard Batum’s words.

Batum’s words somehow reflect his own heart, but he knew that it was not possible for him to think this way right now. He was no longer a pure gamer.

[Aligning with the Unifying Guild might be an advantage. It’s quite obvious that I’m not going to work with them, but I need to consider how to stab them in the back from this position…]

So he shook his head.

“What?” Batum was stunned and asked hesitatingly: “My lord, are you going to work with them? These people are terrible, they have never had any goodwill to their name.”

Amandina wanted to say something but she stopped herself. Brendel’s decision had made her sigh with relief. She had originally wanted to warn Brendel that the Unifying Guild’s influence was not small, and if Tirste allowed him to leave, he must have a backup plan.

She did not wish for ‘The Amber Sword’ mercenaries to have a strong enemy behind their backs even before they left Grinoires. As her advisor, she was already placing them as his private property.

“I understand what they are, Batum. But you have to consider the aftermath for everything. If I suggested this idea to that bastard, I wouldn’t say a lie that can be broken anytime.” Brendel said.

“Doesn’t it mean we have to encourage the refugees to cause a riot?” Batum scratched his head, and appeared unwilling to do it.

“Of course not, Brendel will definitely have a solution. Back in Bucce, we all called him almighty Brendel!” Little Romaine was picking rocks up and throwing them into the river, but she turned her head around and argued with indignance.

[When did you give me a new nickname in Bucce again?] Brendel eyed the lass with chargin.

The original dresses that Romaine and Amandina wore were damaged during the chaos in the auction site, and they had gone back to change before regrouping.

Brendel had bought a few dresses for during the escape from Bucce and she had kept them like they were treasure, but now she wore one of Amandina’s formal black dress, which was exceptionally compatible for her. It was a splendid dress that flowed behind her, and underneath her skirt a white lace petticoat.

She walked with assured confidence and a unique air, and her full chest was matched by the tight fitting dress, and her slim waist ended with a beautiful curve, even making Amandina jealous of her.

But Amandina still specially tied her light brown hair with a flower ornament into a stylish hairstyle, and when Brendel saw Romaine, she proudly spun one round with a sweet smile, even throwing him a foxy wink. Even till now, Brendel would still lose himself when he looked at her.

[She looks like a great merchant from Ampere Seale who deals with huge transactions….. Except no one would roll up her sleeves and pick up rocks to throw in the river with a serious expression to see if the rocks went further than the last.]

Brendel did not really understand why she had to wear such a troublesome outfit into this wilderness, but he guessed that it would be something like ‘Because I’m a merchant!’, which was an answer that really did not go through thinking.

Batum looked doubtfully at Brendel after listening to Romaine’s answer.





Brendel nodded: “Even before half a month, these refugees that gathered to the south of Bruglas will cause problems. The festival right now might soothe them for a while, but it ultimately does not solve the root of the problems. This is not something that the nobles living a lavish life will understand.”

“Really?” This time Amandina was curious.

Brendel nodded. “The August’s Riot”, was not a big deal in history, but it was enough to give an answer to Tirste and they did not have to lift a finger.

Brendel did not have any thoughts about stopping the riot, especially when he did not have the means to do so. Finding a suitable place for the refugees to live in was a difficult problem, and none of the nobles wanted to receive this burden, and no one could handle it either.

[How is one going to find food for these tens of thousands of people? That’s finding three hundred tons of food per month.]

Batum opened and closed his mouth. He did not expect for this complicated problem to be solved easily by Brendel’s lips. He looked back at Amandina who did not seemed to worry as much as him. She was unlike Batum who thought of only the simplest profit and loss, but even she found that Brendel seemed to know something more than any of them.

Brendel spotted Roen walking out from the dark forest, and he became alert. He had let the cripple check something out in the city, and it seemed that he had answers ready.

Indeed, Roen came along with two short thieves from the bushes and came to Brendel.

“We discovered the cause. It’s really because of the fuckwits who were negligent and allowed the undead to come in as disguised merchants.” Roen said.

“Who exactly was the culprit?” Brendel asked.

“It’s one of the cavalry leaders, called Calancadr.” Roen wanted to say something more, but he saw Brendel shaking his head.





[That person is the future commander of the Silver-winged commander—]

“That person swears allegiance to the Royal Crown…” Brendel muttered to himself.

[Negligence… I see. This matter isn’t as simple as it looks. Just thinking about the Fire Seed, it seems like this event has something to do with the political strife with the Royal Crown and the other factions. Because of the riot in Bruglas, some of these historic events are not noted down, otherwise I would have known about it.]

Brendel thought about it carefully and he suddenly broke into cold perspiration.

[What does this mean? Did the Royal family lure the top nobles by selling the Fire Seed, and allow the undead to come into the auction so they would kill them? What the fuck? Isn’t this playing with fire? I can’t believe Oberg the seventh can think of this fucking plot. It’s fortunate that Incirsta isn’t here in Grinoires, otherwise the entire southern region would be overrun if he attacked. Damn it, perhaps this bastard is even the cause of the erosion in Southern Aouine.]

TL: So that king meeting up with that undead ambassador is… because of this? I mean the story is insinuating a lot of things, so I can’t be sure of whatever, but it’s really quite crazy if that’s true lol.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 59




TL: Important stuff about schedule, please read.

Chapter 59 – The last night in Bruglas (1)

The start of Aouine’s final demise came about from civil wars. Oberg the seventh had gradually felt that he was becoming frail from his old age, and he was desperate to clear the path for the new king’s ascension to the throne. In the end, he was unable to wait any longer and acted against the two southern duchies in the southern kingdom, which were his greatest threats.

Oberg the seventh had ascended to the throne only when he was thirty nine years old. This king who was fated to have a terrible demise had great ambition when he was young, and he was determined to his grandfather, King Ansen. That was the period where he created the militia draft and city guards in the cities, allowing central Aouine to become the strongest in its era.

Unfortunately, Oberg the seventh witnessed how the arrogant duke Arreck practically forced Oberg the sixth to change the militia laws, and that event had forever left a dark impression in his heart. Unlike King Ansen who ruled with both firmness and flexibility, as well as ruthlessness and clemency at the right moments, Oberg the seventh did not possess the skill to do so. In addition, the era during King Ansen’s rule was peaceful and without wars. The royal crown was able to control the military forces without any trouble, while the current era was fraught with constant wars.





The wind became stronger in Bruglas’s outskirts. It came from the direction of the sea, and the wind followed the northern mountainous region Karanjar to Randner’s mountainous region, bringing along the scent of the forest and rivers across its long journey, and finally entered everyone’s lungs.

Romaine was standing barefooted in the water as she held the hems of her dress up. She looked up and closed her eyes to feel the wind on her face and neck.

“Brendel, the wind in this place feels like the exact same in Bucce!” She took a deep breath and exclaimed excitedly.

Amandina also took a deep breath, but she immediately coughed.

Brendel glanced at her before looking up. The night wind was bringing a dense cloud from the west and it covered a huge area. It blocked the stars, as if to signify that the kingdom was facing a bleak future.

Brendel did not feel any burden on him, and instead felt excitement coursing through his nerves. The future civil chaos that was coming soon, was a chance for him with his meager strength to change a heavy and cold history that was seemingly carved onto a rock.

This dark cloud was not a manifestation of a delusion, but a signal for him to start moving. Brendel suddenly turned his head back, as if he had sniffed out a sign from the air, and his cheeks even had a faint blush of excitement.

“Did you get the money?”

Roen did not understand why a simple news of the guard’s mistake sent Brendel into a short daze, and he felt that Brendel was becoming harder to read. He had witnessed Brendel’s strength when he fought against the Zombie Outlander.





[That ability isn’t normal at all. Now that I think about it, this man really is that old bastard’s descendant.]

He looked at Brendel for a moment longer before answering in a convinced attitude.

“The money has been received, and I transferred the money to a safe place according to your instructions.”

“Did the people from the auction site pay any compensation?”

Roen was startled, but he immediately nodded.

Brendel knew that the auction was ran by a famous noble. It was an open secret, and to these people having a good reputation was more important than money, thus he was not afraid that that there was going to be a loss.

“How much did you receive?” Brendel asked.

Roen counted with his fingers.

“Around two hundred and fifty thousand Tor.”

Brendel nodded and looked back at the river’s direction and found Romaine walking back to him with a pair of shoes in her hands.

He looked at Batum and Amandina next.

“Very well. With this our business with Bruglas should be concluded. ”

[Although there are a few other things that should be done… There’s a mission within the nobles’ library that teaches some low level techniques, and the Star-crossed inn’s quest on the golden wine, increasing 1 OZ strength permanently… If I attempt these quests, I’ll be using at least a month to get them, and that will delay things.]

He wanted to pursue perfection and get every advantage here, but the change in Bruglas as well as the Unifying Guild’s appearance made him realize that this place was not suitable to stay any longer.

Once these signs appeared, Brendel had made the decision with his fastest reaction and decided to leave as soon as possible.

[Either the east or south area. We should go deep into Randner’s mountains or forest to seek the treasures there.]

“Where should we go?” Even though Batum kept grumbling about leaving this damned place, but he was a little uneasy when it was time to move. Even though he understood from Brendel’s suggestion that they could escape to Randner’s forest and mountains, they were still entering an untamed wilderness.

It was said that following the river or crossing over the forest after Randner’s mountains, was a desert that did not seem to end. The people living there described a story about a kingdom in the eastern desert: The famous Village of Pearls, the Kingdom of Nine Phoenix.





“We’re going to split our forces into two. Batum, take Roen with you and return to the squadron, and let Leto bring everyone to a place called Gris. You need to hire a guide in order to reach there. At least for now, the safer road in Randner’s main road. Based on the local etiquette, if you bring out your mercenaries flag, there shouldn’t be any danger.”

“Where is this place, Gris?” Batum asked.

“The most eastern port of the kingdom.” Brendel laughed. “The scenery there isn’t bad at all, and the girls there are warm. You might even find a girl of your taste.”

Batum’s face actually turned red as he grumbled: “My lord, I’m a mercenary who doesn’t have a fixed place.”

“That’s something of the past, you’re my subordinate now.” Brendel answered earnestly.

Batum turned quiet. Although he looked like he was still holding on to the past, he was ready to try and move to a new direction.

“My lord, what about you?” Batum asked after a moment.

“I have a few private things to settle—” Brendel felt that it was a pity to lose the Thorn of Light in the auction site, but it was about time to switch to a better weapon after he was level twenty, and it was necessary to switch to a new weapon.

In truth his stats and equipment had not really changed since the start of the month. Although reality was still within the acceptable levels of his plans, and the stay in Bruglas was a necessary must, he was just simply not satisfied even if he was moving at a reckless speed.

This was especially true after he encountered Tirste, and he felt the need to raise his strength once again.

[There’s a need to move faster. The next target is still that sealed kingdom, but before that I need to confirm Ebdon’s words about the Lionheart.]

Brendel did not dare to turn his back on this particular secret.

[I need the Sage Slate to make the statue speak, but that’s a no go for the one coming into Bruglas in a few days. First of all I can’t wait for it, and the second is I can’t find five hundred thousand Tor to buy that. The best option is to get one by doing ‘Instances’. The nearest one is the Lost Forest near Rander, the Undead Temple Ruins and the Dragon Valley. It’s possible for me to go there with my level, and I just need a little preparation. Indeed, this is killing two birds with one stone since I can level up as well.]

Batum did not say anything else after Brendel said he had other things to do, especially when his heart was taken to Gris. Brendel’s description of the place tickled his heart, as he had never seen the ocean before.

“Romaine, what’s your plan? Do you want to go with me or stay here to overlook the festival’s work?” Brendel asked.

Romaine turned her head slightly to look at him and replied naturally: “Of course I’m following you.”

But the lights in her eyes were obviously screaming ‘Adventure! Romaine is going on an adventure!’

“You’re not thinking about money?” Brendel was stunned and he wanted to check her forehead to see if she was having a fever.

“Of course not,” Romaine swatted his hand away and said smugly: “Lady Romaine has distributed the task properly to Sue, and the only thing left is to invest the money.”

“Sue?” Brendel was surprised as he recalled the girl who glared at him with an icy expression, as he owed her a million Tor coins: “Isn’t she Leto’s daugher?”

“Yes.” She nodded: “She was looking for Freya. Since I’m Freya’s best friend, I can ask Sue for a little help, heh.”

“You really trust people too much—” Brendel smacked her head lightly. This action was becoming a habit recently.





Romaine’s smile was like a little cunning fox.

“If that’s the case, I should stay back.” Amandina suddenly said. “This is supposed to be my job.”

Brendely immediately stopped to look at her.

“You can’t stay behind.”

[Mother Marsha above, you’re not staying here. Right now you and the future grandmaster Tamar are my greatest assets. Leaving both of you behind in this chaotic Bruglas is not an option. In order to guard against accidents, both of you are leaving this place.]

Tamar had to bring his heavy alchemist tools along, so he was setting with Leto, and it was a risk to have all his eggs in one basket, so he decided to take Amandina separately with him.

[It’s good that Romaine is coming too. It’s easier for a girl to take care of another girl.]

“Tirste is still here and you know his identity. The Unifying Guild is a formidable organization and there is too much risk to allow you to stay here. Romaine can take care of you if you come with me.” Brendel answered carefully after a moment.

“How can I do that?” Amandina looked blankly at him. Even though she was slightly inclined towards adventuring, but she knew clearly that she could never adjust to that kind of life. For someone like her, adventuring was only something good in her dreams.

Some people obey their rash thoughts but Amandina had a good head about her. Even though she still wanted to refuse Brendel, Romaine broke through her defences.

“Of course you can, Amandina. Adventuring is really interesting.”

Amandina looked at Brendel. He nodded.

“There’s nothing else to be said. Everyone should go ahead and prepare. We will enter the city separately. I’m going in alone in case that bastard Tirste comes after me again. Before the last star disappears in the morning, we will gather at the eastern gate.”

Everyone nodded.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 60




TL: I’ll be returning on 27 August in order to finish up 2 critical assignments (Finally the nightmare of drawing animals are going to end, probably). In the mean time I might have the chance to do an illustration of Brendel’s squire card (Ciel).





Show More

TL: Scroll down till you see the Poll for the tl;dr version. This TL clarification section is going to go into TAS TOC as well.

Edit: After reading the comments, I want to clarify further that I think I can’t use a simple word as translator for myself anymore. If you expected me to TL the original raws word for word, it’s not in my TL.

Here comes sort of a story. The kind of quality I want to achieve in my TL started off from Ace Attorney. At that time, I was incredibly impressed with how the localization team came up with a relevant TL that’s suited for English readers (they changed the entire JP cast name to English as well as some punchline plot), instead of just transliterating the JP version, and I felt that my translations should emulate what they do. Even back then, I was somewhat influenced in my own Mushoku Tensei’s TL, which ended with me changing the cast’s names quite liberally.

This ultimately ended up as ‘no word padding, more clarity, more quality’ for The Amber Sword as my translation direction, even till now. The definition of quality means I will go spend a bit of time researching a few elements here and there, such as MTG, military sword stances, names and etc. I also change a few things that would not entirely make sense (sometimes the characters turn their heads over and over again, even though they already turned their heads and a few more).

So there you have it, everything that I can think of (for now) about how I translate things, explained.

If you can’t accept this, then I can only say that I’m really sorry you hated how I did it and wasted your time. This is not my intention.

This will be the last time I’ll write about my TLing process and TLing in general. Grrr.

End Edit.

So there’s a review there from reader ‘null’ in novelupdates.com.

“Good story but translator mess it with his/her “creative editing”. Re-writing original story are crossing the line of what translator should do. Might read the English translation if another translator translate the original story. “

And an additional post in the forums.

“1. He rewrites the story which he admit in the book 1 chapter 28 (way before I post that review). Translator job is to interpret things not rewriting story of his version , am I rite ?

2. Let start from prologue and we can see our going to be MC name in the new world , 布兰多 (Bù lán duō). Would you choose Brendel over Brando ? Then his mother nationality , 卡地雷哥 (kǎ dì léi gē). Would you choose Kadireig over Cartilage ? See the 4th paragraph from below, 戈兰埃尔森 (gē lán āi ěr sēn). Would you choose Grinoires over Grenelson / Glenelson ?

Doesnt take genius to see the name on that world already in western form. If we taking comparison like what he say in his response. Its like translating Full Metal Alchemist MC エ ドワード・エルリック (Edowādo Erurikku) into Squidward Patrick instead of Edward Elric. You dont need creative editing in the name of localization for that , rite ? :whistle:”

Here’s my take on TLing names.

If the author’s naming sense has a purpose and reason with either direct or indirect impact on the story, I don’t mess with it. However, sometimes purpose and reason doesn’t come clear until somewhere later in the chapters, which happened in my previous translated novel, Mushoku Tensei.

The two biggest mistakes that I made were the translation of Norn (I TLed it as Nora) and Laplace (I TLed it as Lapius), which directly referenced a Norse goddess and a scholar/scientific determinism, and so there is intention behind the author’s motives. I only found these way later when the plot was clearer and there were names that referenced gods and stuff.

These names were corrected by translators after me, and I’m glad it turned out that way.

Then there’s Paul (English) Greyrat, which could be Paolo or Paulo (Italian or Portuguese) depending on パウロ (pauro). I chose Paul, for the reason of general acceptability.

I also chose Janice Greyrat instead of Zenith. Here’s the original ゼニス (zenisu), and well, directly goes to Zenith (later used by translators after me). So in my Engrish mind, if I was to have a female daughter, would I name her Zenith or Janice? That’s how I view names. It’s either Rule of cool or common sense.

Therefore, my rules for TLing names are typically

1) Author’s intention and purpose for names overwrites my ‘arbitrary’ choice to make it localized as much as possible.

2) Otherwise it’s my choice to localize it so that readers can enjoy a version that is at least as good as the original or better. It is possible that my naming sense + intention isn’t good enough. Maybe Brando (yes, I thought of that name and felt it sounded like a washing detergent) is better than Brendel. I don’t know.

But in response to Null’s name TL, ‘Kadireig over Cartilage (卡地雷哥 Ka Di Lei Ge)’, I’ll say yes, I think Kadireig is better Cartilage (connective tissue, are you serious? That’s like saying, ‘My mother is a Connective Tissue’).

Saying something like translators shouldn’t change and we should follow the author wrote word for word, really makes me incredibly displeased from a reader’s POV. For those who have not experienced the CN webnovels, they tend to pad their story with words to meet a certain word count to get paid, and in chinese wording, they ‘water’ down their content with useless padding.

It’s like saying that authors don’t need any editors and they can just submit their books for printing, with their mistakes and what not.





Chapter 60 – The last night in Bruglas (2)

———————— Princess POV ———————

The heavy gilded door was slowly pushed open. The air currents gathered and rushed out as a low rumble pierced through eardrums, as if a dignified kingdom was welcoming the visitors with open arms behind the doors.

The light from the corridors were becoming visible, and there was a young girl with an angry expression standing behind the door.

The half Elven princess wore a long full silvery-white dress, and the hems of her dress reached to the bright marble floor. Her head was raised while she stood with her back straight. Her long silver hair extended past her shoulders, while her hands were placed on the crinoline of her dress. In this dark hall with deeply marbled flooring was a blooming lily.

She glared coldly at the few people who walked out from the dim corridors—

“My lady.” marquis Kluge who was at the front displayed a faint surprised smile. The senior minister who had worked for the Corvado royal family for decades, placed his right on his chest and bowed deeply.

He then regained his posture and curled his lips upwards. His smile on his gaunt face seemed to always carry a subtle condescension in it.

“Enough with the pleasantries, marquis Kluge,” The young girl stared in front of her without looking back at Kluge. “Is my Father King in there?”





“My sincere apologies, my lady, His majesty is currently receiving the Madara’s ambassador, and I’m afraid he would not be able to see you for the time being.” Kluge replied with a slight smile.

The princess’s brows frowned slightly, but they quickly disappeared.

“Then I’ll wait here,” She held her head up as she answered: “It’s already midnight, I believe that Madara’s ambassador wouldn’t take too long.”

“My lady, please take care of yourself—” marquis Kluge looked at her back with admiration in his eyes, but his tone did not change.

“I thank you for your concern.”

“Then I shall take my leave.”

“Please do.”

The young girl’s faint silver-colored eyes did not move, and simply waited for the group of people to walk past her. But after marquis Kluge took a few steps in front of her, she suddenly said quietly:

“Minister Kluge, you should be careful from playing with fire—“

marquis Kluge was slightly surprised from the the princess’s warning. He stopped as he thought of something, and gave a gloomy smile.

“My lady, what are you talking about?” He asked.

“You know clearly what I’m talking about. I cannot stop the things that are happening in Bruglas and Fortress Cruke. But do not forget whose side the Holy Cathedral of Fire is standing on in Aouine.” The princess replied dispassionately.

Kluge’s expression changed slightly but he quickly recovered himself. The old cunning minister took a deep breath and answered indifferently: “Thank you for the reminder, my lady.”

The two of them did not wish to talk any longer, and marquis Kluge quickly left with his men behind him.

A young man who was in the marquis’s group asked: “My lord, what did the princess mean?”

“This royal flower cannot be underestimated, Welmar.” Kluge answered with a dark expression: “Even though our positions are in a good position, she is not idling either. The news from the outside points to the princess gathering funds by using Church Havel’s name. Even though I don’t know what she’s thinking, but she’s definitely going to take action.”





Kluge glanced at the sky through the arched windows in the corridor: “She gave us a warning today, but in doing so tells us that the princess still has her reservations in taking action—“

“She’s afraid to strike because she fears that her actions will damage the surroundings.”

He sighed and rubbed the ring on his finger. The ouroboros looked as if it was alive on the ring, and reflected a green light to its surroundings.

Everyone around him turned silent.

The Elven princess did not utter any noise after Kluge left. When she turned her head back, she saw Benninger walking out from one of the pillar’s shadow.

“How is it?” The young girl asked immediately when he was close enough.

The young man shook his head bitterly: “It’s no good, my lady. I did not see his majesty either—“

The princess composed herself.

“My lady?”

“I’m going back to my territory tonight. Ser Benninger, please bring Hasel along.” She looked calmly in front of her: “Be careful not to alert them.”

“My lady, do we really have no other solutions?” Benninger asked in a wry expression.

He was Seifer’s son and his status was very prominent, but ever since he met princess Gryphine, he was impressed and submitted to her charm, and was willing to even lead her horse on foot to serve her.

To the world he had overstayed his duration for a traveling noble youth, and his father had sent letter after letter to urge him to go back and inherit his position, but the youth was still lingering beside her.

It was clear to people around them that it was the princess that held onto the youth’s heart.





Gryphine had turned sixteen on the seventh month, and was at an age for marriage discussion. However, Oberg the seventh was very fond of her and wanted her to stay by his side, and he was knew that his son Hasel had a weak personality and required her sister’s help.

It was good news for Benninger. Even though he understood there was no possibility for him and the princess, he would stay by her side as long as she stayed by the king’s side. Still, it was not as if he lamented over his position. If he was the eldest son and not the youngest, then there would be another situation altogether.

The princess’s words made his heart beat faster.

[This is a huge turnaround if the princess says she’s returning to her territory. It is rare for the royal family’s direct descendants in history to go back to their own territory, but something really big happens whenever it does.]

Benninger looked at the princess intently and showed uncertainty. His heart was a little expectant and fearful of the future, and felt that once they left, it would not be a simple political fight in Aouine.

The princess’s determined eyes fell onto the youth’s hesitant expression under the dim light of the hall’s candles. There was nothing but silence for a while.

“What are you afraid of, Ser Benninger?”

“I’m a little worried about his majesty’s……” The youth did not know how to describe his current feelings.

[Ever since the sixth month, or more accurately, the time when the Madara’s ambassador came here, only minister Kluge saw him. The king’s trusted ministers did not even meet up with him even once. Even the princess and prince were forced to stay within the capital.

People are gossiping about how the king is under house arrest, but yet the nobles do not have any reaction to it. Ever since Kluge became the prime minister, the king’s trust in him keeps growing and it’s a know fact that Kluge’s party is controlling most of the government.

But the party don’t have any interactions with the locals and received the king’s trust. The royal family’s faction also trusts them. Kluge’s administrations and plans don’t have any problems with them too. People are even describing him as the greatest politician since King Ansen’s rule…]

The situation changed during May, and Kluge appeared like he intended to vie for more power. Along with the Black Rose War, it seemed like a storm was brewing in Aouine’s internal political situation.

Admidst the suspicions and guesses that kept growing in the nobles’ higher echelons, the core people from the royal faction, Oberbeck and Everton went out to settle issus with Madara. The only remaining giant faction was the leader of the Church Havel who kept out of the political situation.

[This situation within the capital is appearing even more bleak. But at this point of time, princess Gryphine actually wants to go back to her territory. Ignoring the part where we’re literally under house arrest, is the princess really going to leave her father behind?]

It was public knowledge that the king and the princess relationship was good, and Benninger understood that fact even more.

The princess answered after a moment, without any change to her expression.

“Based on my father’s personality, I’m certain that he wouldn’t agree to Madara’s ridiculous proposal. Even though I don’t know what that bastard Kluge has in mind for his goals, but I know that we’re useless here.”

“The first thing I want to do is to send my younger brother out of here. I have to take this step for the sake of the royal family in case something untoward happens to my father. I believe that he will understand my actions as this is my responsibility.”

“My lady……” The youth looked blankly at the girl in front of him. He felt that she was a young girl of sixteen summers, but a brilliant and mature politician.

“Don’t worry, Ser Benninger. It’s not as if I’m not prepared. With the aid from my teacher’s social links, we can set down our own pieces on the chessboard. I have never trusted that despicable bastard Kluge, and they won’t harm my father with Aouine’s eyes on them.”

The princess suddenly stopped talking, as the Madara ambassador came out from a door with a somber expression.

At that moment, the living and the dead, exchanged glances, and their bodies passed by each other.





—————- Brendel’s POV —————

As the storm brewed in Aouine’s capital, Brendel was sitting leisurely in the ‘Crossed Star bar’ in Bruglas mulling over the capital’s situation. He then asked the barkeeper for the news about the ‘Golden Wine’, and glanced at the clock on the inn’s wall from time to time.

[It’s nearly twelve.]

Brendel did not expect to receive the mission’s hints and complete it within a night. He was merely waiting for someone and wanted to find something to pass the time with.

When the clock finally rang twelve times, the door to the bar was pushed open.

A girl with a long ponytail wearing a deep blue military uniform entered the bar, and she looked at him with light brown eyes with a slightly flushed face.

[It looks like Freya is a knight now.]

She wore a formal knight’s uniform with ribbons, and there was a longsword distributed by the church worn on her waist belt, and she wore boots that was highly polished.

She gave the impression of a heroic knight.

But her concerned eyes betrayed her. She glanced at the people in the bar and found Brendel. She took a deep breath, walked over and immediately asked:

“Are all of you leaving? Brendel?”

“Yes.”

Freya became silent.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 61




TL: I found out that I got a grade ‘B’ from one of the subjects that I really didn’t want to get a B on. It’s like, well, I spent weeks and weeks on just that subject alone and I kind of go meh on the other stuff, and the others got a B+. That really just drives me nuts -_-. I might have to go again with the 2 weeks 1 update in order to polish things until I think the new assignments shines, depending on the workload. Don’t worry, I’ll fill in the backlog once I graduate.

As for the artwork for TAS, there’s the freedom to do whatever I want for the next assignment, so I’m thinking of doing Brendel as a warrior. Right now I don’t have a particular inspiration because I’ve just started, but if you guys have any amazing artwork warrior images that you have seen, just comment away and send me the links.

Also at the end of my course, I’ll be doing a check on all the chapter’s text for content errors and grammar mistakes. For the mean time, I will be doing recaps for my series because of the 2 weeks update thingy.

Next schedule would be tentatively 2 weeks later. I kind of need to get a proper pose for Brendel and do up two good character designs, if I can get the design done earlier I can get a chapter out next week.

Recap: Princess Gryphine crosses blows with the Unifying Guild’s member who’s also a top ranking minister. Brendel meets up with Freya to talk with her before leaving.

Chapter 61 – Bruglas last night (3)

Freya became silent.

She looked like she was thinking of stray thoughts for a while, before she raised her head up to look at him. Her light brown eyes resembled like a pair of orange gems under the candlelight.





She hesitated for a while and then raised her left hand, and took off the ring on her thumb: “Take this ring with you. You will need it more than I do outside here.”

Brendel was slightly taken aback. He looked at the Ring of Fireball, and the red ruby glinted brightly in his eyes under the candles’ flames.

He looked at Freya again, while the latter turned her head away slightly.

“This ring was originally yours. I-I…… was only, borrowing it temporarily. Have you forgotten about it?”

The barkeep who was chatting with Brendel before Freya arrived, stood up and patted the young man’s shoulder. He smiled: “My friend, it seems like you’re in a bit of trouble. I’ll be off doing my things, and I’ll tell you about the wine cup’s legend later.”

The moment he finished speaking, he took his cup away and intentionally moved to the other corner of the bar, and started to gossip with a few drunk mercenaries.

Freya immediately snapped her lips shut without saying anything else after she heard him.

Brendel shook his head upon seeing this. His smile could not suppress the warmth in his heart. He gazed at her carefully and felt the weight of her concern in his heart. He originally wanted to simply leave her a message, but the stubborn girl insisted on seeing him after she talked to Romaine.

[Certainly, you’re not here just to hand me the ring back. You’re here because you’re concerned about me.]

Freya’s heart was beating quickly. She clenched and unclenched her fists. When she heard that Brendel and the others were leaving, she had only one thought in her mind and ran out without thinking. She wanted to see them one more time, as if she was a little child who could not bear to leave the adults around her.

When she calmed down, she could only feel her face burning.

She thought of her current situation in front of her. She was going to set off to Aouine’s Royal Cavalry Academy, and was leaving everyone behind, especially Brendel.





[Am I really able to do what Brendel said I can do? To gain the power of protecting little Felix, and everyone else?]

She felt no confidence in the undetermined future that was in front of her feet, and there was much uneasiness in her mind. Brendel was a lifeline in front of her, but when things came to the point where it counted, she found that she was unable to raise her hand up to grab hold of it tightly.

She stared at the corner of Brendel’s clothes and looked blankly at it for a while.

Brendel naturally saw through her thoughts because it was written all over her face. He smiled and received the ring from her. She looked slightly surprised and looked up: “Y-you accepted it?”

“Certainly. How can I find the courage to refuse the ring that the Goddess of War is giving me?” Brendel smiled. He knew that she would not come to any danger within the academy, while he certainly needed every single bit of power. If that was not the case, he would have not accepted the ring just so that Freya can be relieved.

“Goddess of War?”

“I have heard of a legend called ‘The Goddess of War’. In it she was the heroine who was beautiful and gallant, riding on her horse into battle, with one hand holding on to a swallowtail flag trailing behind her figure, while the other held onto a majestic longsword, leading her citizens towards victory and protecting her kingdom.”

Brendel smiled fondly as he recalled another story about the Goddess of War in his heart.

At the end of Vaunte’s turbulent era, a female knight wore a full plate of silver plate armor, and watched every soldier under her with light brown eyes. The sky in Fort Malgar was dark gray and the Silver Cross army flags were fluttering weakly on long flagpoles. She was shorter than many warriors before her, but their dejected figures did not appear to be much bigger than her right now.

Her long ponytail that was kept ever since from Bucce’s demise fluttered behind her, and it was a symbol of hope that made people feel there was a reliable figure on the battlefield.

Freya was Aouine’s Goddess of War.

She rode out slowly on her horse and came to the front of everyone. The horse’s saddle was ornately decorated and silver robes shimmered and flowed on it.

A drizzle was falling from the sky.

Her followers were only from the Royal Cavalry Academy, only one hundred odd students, comprising of many rich nobles’ sons and daughters. There were a few of them who ultimately became her enemies in the future, but right at that moment, the cavalry who wore white uniform rode on their horses and followed behind her.

They were soldiers who were defeated again and again but they continued to stay by her side.

The gamers in the game had lost their confidence, fell into deep despair and became spiritless. They lamented and blamed themselves for choosing this kingdom. There was no hope, no tomorrow, and the only thing that awaited them was defeat, along with the humiliation that came along with it.

“Aouine is done for! This broken kingdom cannot match Madara at all!” They cried out.

But Freya rode out and brought about her soldiers, marching towards the battlefield. It was like a pure ray of light, that tore the dark sky asunder with a sharp blade.

Brendel could not forget that moment—

Her first sentence:

“My fellow soldiers, please, come with me and we will set out to defeat Madara—”





“Please forgive me. I am unable to sympathize with your pain, fears, cold and hunger. But I could see the deep despondent feelings on you. These despondent feelings, I feel the same way too! That is because right here and right now, my country has been defeated and we are about to retreat. The undead will soon ravage our lands. We are the losers, no matter how you twist the situation.

We cannot choose. We cannot win. We cannot fight back. This feeling suffocates me! Have we reached our limits? My fellow soldiers, please, set out for the battlefield once more! We still have a chance, please let me lead you to fight them once more.”

“I ask you to trust in me.”

She placed her hand on her chest.

“I will fight along with you.”

“I will shoulder all your burdens.”

“Follow me, and allow me to fight till I fall gloriously in battle. Allow me to use this promise, to bring about the courage for everyone to continue onwards!”

That was the first time the Silver Lily appeared magnificently on the battlefield. The legend of the Goddess of War, an epic story that was written into the annals of history and moved countless players.

When compared to the many other NPCs who defended Aouine, gamers had a deeper impression of her. She was the one who brought them out of the unending fate of defeat and gave them glory. Her name became Aouine’s pride, and she was their flag of pride. Everyone was willing to battle for her because they were willing to fight for honor and dignity.

Aouine’s battle song was written by a relatively unknown gamer on the forums, but there were numerous people who sang—

“We the proud citizens of Aouine—

Shall never bow our noble heads and hold it high up even if we are defeated

Our courage shall be carved unto our weapons

Our faith shall guard our flags

Our blood will flow towards the same path

We pledge solemnly

To raise the flags of the Silver Lily once more.

We pledge solemnly

To believe in Aouine and never falter.

Upon our deaths, our voices will echo

and reverb throughout this land.

Our voices shall chronicle

The love for our hometown.”

Brendel lowered his head and rubbed his eyes. When he looked back up, he saw Freya looking down onto the ground, mumbling: “How can I do the same thing like a legendary figure? I’m just a foolish girl who tries her best, even the point of screwing everything up.”

[That’s right! Your efforts are the source of this legend—]

Brendel stared at her. He admired the past and current Freya for her earnest attitude. No matter what it was, she had always tried her best to do it.

[Perhaps you don’t know your own potential, but one day you will shine brightly like a diamond.]

He laughed softly: “Then just treat it like a dream that you can aim for.”

Freya looked at him and nodded. “Is that a legend from the Highland knight?”





Brendel paused momentarily, and nodded.

Freya stopped speaking. After a while, she asked quietly: “Is there anything else you want to instruct me?”

“Not really…… Wait.” Brendel paused for a moment, before calling her. He thought for a while before asking. “Freya, what do you think of Aouine?” Brendel lowered his voice when he spoke.

The truth was he had already checked his surroundings once to see if anyone were paying attention to them.

“Aouine? What about it?” She was confused.

“If I was to put it into an analogy, Aouine is currently akin to an old dying man who’s sick all the way to his core.” Brendel said.

Freya was completely stunned.

After all this time, she was no longer that naive militia leader. She had observed the filthy nobles with her own eyes, and she was worried about the upper echelons who ruled the kingdom, but she did not know where the problems exactly laid.

[Was it really like this? Maybe I misunderstood something—]

The uneasy girl could only comfort herself. In this world, there were both light and darkness. Perhaps everything would get better, but it was nothing more than a vicious cycle. Despite that, she kept hoping to get to the truth, to see if the world was in line with her naive thinking in the past.

But she did not expect for Brendel to strip away all her thoughts, and left the worst one behind with his words.

Freya was unable to say anything.

“Listen closely.” Brendel had hesitated many times before he was finally determined to speak to her what he thought.

He was constantly afraid that he would affect her future route, but she was not only the Goddess of War in his heart, she was also a reliable partner that he could trust in, and the latter occupied more of his heart.

He had no true relative in this world, and Freya lost both of her parents who took care of her, and he felt that he needed her support, and it was the same for her. Ever since that night in the village, he understood that his link with her could not be broken anymore.

The two of them were isolated and weak, blindly moving ahead and relying each other as they moved forward in the murky future.

[If I didn’t meet the people in Bucce, I would have found it to gain a relationship with this world, and would have constantly felt isolated here. Right now for Freya, she is heading to the path of that lonely Goddess of War.]

“Aouine can no longer go back to the past where it is peaceful. The only thing that can save this kingdom is having a drastic change. Certainly, an upheaval in the kingdom would fracture it into pieces, but everyone of us who were born in this era will try and restore it. I don’t know how many people can see this outcome, and I don’t know whether anyone understands what I’m saying, but do you understand?”

She looked at him in a bewitched manner, but she nodded subconsciously.

“Do you know now why I wanted you to go the Royal Cavalry Academy?”

“But I…….”

“Freya, do your best.”

Freya took a deep breath and said with uneasiness: “I don’t know if what you say is true, but I think I need to believe in you. But I’m a little confused and I’m really scared. How about everyone in our militia, can we try and change everything?”

“I am also going to try my best to change that future. I need your help.”

“…… What must I do?”

“If there is anything that happens, then throw all your support towards the princess. I heard that princess Gryphine in Aouine is famed for her intelligence, if there’s anyone in the Corvado family who could lead this kingdom out of her predicament, we can only trust her.” Brendel paused and thought for a moment: “I believe you might have the chance to meet her in the Royal Cavalry Academy.”

“Why do you know she would be there?” Freya blurted out: “Are you trying to mess around with me?”

“I wish I was joking, but when you are a chess player in Aouine’s politics, no matter if you are willing or not, you would be able to see all the situations clearly. You will understand in time.” Brendel laughed: “Don’t worry about it too much. We will still be able to meet with each other. Don’t forget my words, I’ll definitely stand behind you—”

She lowered her head and pondered for a while to take in his words. She then spoke in a tiny voice : “I got it. I’ll take my leave now.”

Freya’s lonely figure was like a isolated bird on its migrant journey. When she turned around, he had the urge to call her back and ask her if she wanted to come along with him, but at the end, he stopped himself. She had her own path, and he could not be so selfish.

But at that moment, she stopped and looked back over her shoulder.

“Brendel.”

“Yes?”

“I—- Please help me take care of Romaine. She’s my best friend.”

After throwing out her words, she walked out of the bar with large strides without turning back again, leaving behind Brendel who was trying to carefully figure out that sentence meant. In the end, the youth shook his head and drank from his wine cup.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 62




TL: Got a pretty irritating cough that was serious enough (to choke me). I visited the doctor twice and thanks to the medicine I practically slept a lot the past week and didn’t do much homework. I don’t foresee the schedule coming back to normalcy at least for a month, so it’s still one update per two weeks for September.

Chapter 62 – Chablis

Recap: Freya met up with Brendel. The latter advised her to put her support behind Princess Gryphine. She faltered because she felt that she was just a small militia captain, but he told her that she could follow the example of the ‘Goddess of War’ in his memory. Soon after, Freya got up to leave, but told him to take care of Romaine in an ambiguous manner. Brendel pondered on her words and drank his wine.

The end of summer’s breeze brought a hint of sweetness in the air. Under the warm sun, it made people slightly drunk. August had gone by, and October was approaching soon.

The youth stretched his hand towards the blue sky, his fingers blocking part of his vision, while the pleasant sunlight poured through the fingers’ gaps. He felt like he was seeing a colorful flare as the dazzling light entered his eyes.

He then sighed as he lowered his head and hand to survey Chablis’s surroundings. The viridian mountains once again invited themselves into his eyes. The dry air and clear weather made him feel comfortable and peaceful, which put him into a good mood.





The emerald trees that used to decorate the mountains during summer’s peak had started to fade at one corner. The fir and sycamore trees were starting to have a layer of faint yellow, while the maple trees had a faint red applied to them. The intermixing colors were like a canvas speckled with different oil paints blended together to form a naturally pleasing painting.

He rode on his horse with one hand on the reins. He peered a short distance ahead, observing the white walls of the nearby mountains that intersected with a river. Houses with red roofs were near that area.

The town Chablis.

Brendel did not know much about it as the town was not renowned in the game. He only knew that it was situated in the center of Randner, and there were not many Aouine citizens living there.

To the north of this little town was a dense forest, and there was an Elven ruins that was hidden under layers of trees. It was called Baern Shyrltaesi, a temple build by the Silver Elves a long time ago. The silver courtyard was constructed in the center of the forest. The corridors were made with ornately carved white marble, and there was a divine feeling to it. It was aesthetically beautiful and mysterious at the same time.

However, during the Year of the Giant Shadow Dragon, the elves left this area for unknown reasons, and the temple was abandoned.

[Now the only creatures that live near it are a bunch of Lizardmen bandits, if I remember correctly.] Brendel started to recall the details surrounding this place.

[There really isn’t any backstory to this region, and players only gathered here to steal the loot from the Lizardmen. The game designers probably wanted to give a reason like getting rid of evil or something. Which is quite hilarious actually, since we really didn’t need any real reason to ‘farm’ them.]

But he shook his head after a moment.

[Certainly, it looks like it’s just an excuse to feed the ‘content locusts’… But the backstory I didn’t understand back then, looks like there’s some sort of mystery behind it in this world.]

Brendel had never been to Chablis. There were no less than a hundred ‘instances’ in the Grinoires region and low leveled players did not need to take risks. Players spread out to every region and made the kingdoms look active, while the location here was made for higher level players.

Even so, as a veteran player, he had more or less heard about the rumors in this area. The Lizardmen holding on to the Baern Shyrltaesi territory, a tomb guarded by undead, and a floating city nearby. They were adventures that promised treasures accompanied with fights.

He had collected all these information without even thinking that he would had the chance to visit here. When he stood at right at the top of the mountains overlooking the town, he saw the smoke rising from the chimneys of the houses slowly dissipating into the air, and felt a strange sense of tranquility.

[It’s fortunate that I took time to research back then, otherwise I’ll be completely in the dark for this particular plan. But Chablis is just as beautiful as the forums described.]

Chablis looked so peaceful that it felt like it could be a place that someone could stay there forever.

Romaine led her beloved horse out from the forest. She had bought it from Bruglas and she loved it so much, that she could not bear to ride on it all the time. Her black eyes darted curiously at Chablis’s surroundings, shining with excitement.





“Brendel, this is the place?” She asked.

“Yes,” Brendel answered and nodded: “The Silver elves left the name Chablis behind, and the meaning of the word is ‘The sweet mountains’. Our luck is quite good. The Madara’s undead did not pass through here and it is still undisturbed.”

[Although from a tactical standpoint, Incirsta would definitely choose the regions that are wealthier. He left Bruglas alone because of its solid defense and went around it to get to Randner to find a more suitable place. He wouldn’t bother to come to this secluded place.]

Brendel was even more confident of his reasoning since these were ‘stories’ that already happened in history.

“Is there anything to eat in Chablis?” She quickly asked.

“You can try their stew.” Brendel looked back and grinned fondly at her. “But our little Romaine is becoming more and more picky with food, be careful of becoming fat.”

Romaine’s pair of eyebrows immediately stood up as she frowned. She desperately tried to refute him.

“I-I won’t become fat. I’ll just eat a little!”

But it sounded like she was comforting herself. She stealthily went around her waist and furrowed her eyebrows further.

It looked like she was agonizing over becoming fat or to eat delicious food.

“My lord, is there a ‘Sage Slate’ that you had talked about before?” Amandina rode on a black horse which had a radiant sheen on it. The young girl’s face was much better compared to the sickly white that she had when she first met Brendel. Even though the journey was tough, she did not have to worry about the next meal.

There was a scroll box tied on her horse, which contained her prized possessions of knowledge. Brendel also saw them as priceless, and insisted on bringing her along the journey because of them.

The girl coughed twice, and looked at the clear sky ahead of her. She muttered: “It’s nearly October.”

“Don’t worry, nobody’s going to get ahead of us.” He knew what she was asking.

They had left Bruglas for over a month, and the news of Aouine and Madara’s truce had reached every part of the southern noble parliaments. Back at that time, they had just reached the Randner region, and rested their feet in Magitan, the ‘City of Forests’.

Brendel had hoped to get the Sage Slate within the Forest of Fogs in the west, but it was taken by the Northern Wind Church, just like how it was in the game. Brendel did not deal with the northern wind knights in Randner, so he could only leave the place after a short stay.

But during that stay, he had introduced the most popular snack to Romaine. It was a dessert drenched in honey, and it caused her to be interested in the snacks in other places.

Brendel smiled a little before his mind suddenly thought about the political coup in December. He was certain that he could not do anything to affect it, and he could only leave it to the future Regent princess and the girl who came from Bucce—

Freya.

[She must have reached the Royal Cavalry Academy by now. I wonder how tense is the situation over there…]

The academy was situated within the princess’s private lands, but he had no reach over there to play any games with the ministers. Right now, his biggest task was to gain power as much as possible.

[Leto and the others should have reached the Arreck region by now.]

“Are we going to search for the Sage Slate here?” Amandina asked.





“Yes. There’s an Elven ruins to the north in this area here. Legends state that the slate is within the ruins.” Brendel replied.

He wanted to find a native guide. While he knew about the region’s background well enough, he did not know where the the ruins were exactly.

[There are Lizardmen Bandits here so the situation will not be as easy. In the game the area is a level 23 instance, and while it’s much lower compared to the Golden Demonic Tree’s Forbidden Garden, there are no shortcuts.]

After thinking it through, he decided to enter the town before deciding on the next course of action.

The three of them descended from the mountains and reached Chablis in less than thirty minutes.

The buildings were very different when compared to the southern Aouine towns. It was not an easy task to construct something in the mountains, but they used their forefathers’ wisdom to level the valleys with rocks. The slope was layered one at a time, following the river’s contours, and they appeared to be like a chiseled rock fortress.

[If I describe how this town looks like… It’s like a ladder. Or a series of ladders that connect to each other.]

The houses were placed orderly with each flat layer, while they were narrow paths cut in the form of a ladder that connected the layers together. The mountain folks preserved the underlying landscape of the mountains, and they rarely used magic. They sculpted rock statues as lamp posts and they placed braziers at the empty top, replacing oil lamps or magically lit lamp posts.

Brendel recalled there was a famous inn called ‘Chablis Winter Cherry’. It was a place where almost all the adventurers, mercenaries and players gathered together. Its appearance was like a vast living room, and the rooms were below the living room. Travelers gathered up there and exchanged information and rumors, and it was the only inn that was designed in that manner in southern Aouine.

However, once they entered the town, he immediately felt something was out of place with his keen senses. Amandina and Romaine did not appear to notice anything.





He carefully observed his surroundings. The people who appeared in front of them were mostly young adults that wore different attires from the mountain citizens, and some of them cast suspicious gazes at Brendel and the girls.

[Mercenaries. Adventurers. Travelers. Monster hunters. These people can appear anywhere in Vaunte, but…… isn’t the number a little too high for a small place like Chablis? This isn’t like the game where players gathered here.]

TL: I might be lacking in describing how the land looks, so you might have to google ‘medieval mountain river villages’ and scroll through. Also, I appreciate any Engrish help check.

Translated the town 夏布利 = Chablis.

巴洛冈圣格尔莱斯 – Baern Shyrltaesi – I went to an Elven city name generator and picked the common style and implemented in here.

And sorry about the cliffhanger _;



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 63




TL: So I have about 9 more weeks till I graduate. After I clear my final few assignments, the final project is going to kick in, and I’ll be thinking on TAS main characters’ designs.

I’m probably going to translate 1 more chapter in mid October, and after that I’ll be concentrating fully on the project itself, which I’m going to post WIPs of the characters/illustrations every 2 weeks instead.

When I finally graduate, I’ll work on the backlog of TAS + other series’ chapters, most likely 1 ch per day.





TL: Please inform me if there are any Engrish mistakes.

Chapter 63 – Eke

“I’ve got to the bottom of things, these adventurers were already here even before one week ago. No, to be more precise, they are actually mercenaries.” Amandina spoke without rushing her answer.

Brendel looked at her with surprise.

The young woman found a sliver of satisfaction as she noted his surprise.

“My lord, is it unexpected that an aristocrat’s daughter who doesn’t venture out of her home would be able to handle a situation like this?”

“I’m just curious where you learned all these negotiation skills. As you well know, it is necessary for a Highland Knight to learn how to negotiate like you did, but it is impressive that a noble lady like yourself can conduct yourself so confidently.”

Brendel patted Romaine’s shoulders to prevent her from losing herself in the scenery, but she unexpectedly turned her head back to assure him.

“Don’t worry Brendel, I won’t lose my way.”

Brendel was speechless for a while. He could only look at her with a distressed gaze as he wondered.

[Just what exactly is stored in your head…]

It was fortunate that Amandina solved his crisis.

“Negotiating has always been our forte, my lord.” Amandina spoke humbly, but it was not difficult to discern that she was secretly delighted.

Brendel raised his eyebrow and laughed in spite of himself: “Not every noble lady is willing to put down their social status and talk to country bumpkins.”

It was indeed true. In Aouine, the mountain folks were considered as uncivilized boors. Even if their status were raised to lords, they might not get along with the imperial lords in the north.

[It was said that two important ministers during King Ansen’s rule frequently squabbled in the court, giving many headaches to the king…] Brendel remarked to himself.

“That’s because I’m different from them. I’m merely a poor noble lady, my lord.”

Brendel shook his head with mirth.





“If these mercenaries come at this point of time, I think they are here for the bandits in the forest. The various regions in Aouine frequently hire mercenaries to destroy the bandits’ territories nearby the village, and it has become the norm.”

He walked past a masonry workshop, and brought the topic right back to their current problem: “In a place with a dense population, the people who hire these mercenaries would either be the local security forces or the militia. But in a remote location like this, it is the entire village’s citizens who pool all their money together to pay them.”

Amandina paused for a moment. She had never read what Brendel described in her books.

“Something like this happens—?” She asked.

“Bucce in the past also did the same thing, I also paid for it~” Romaine excitedly poked her head out from the narrow alley and stared at the inter-crossing street roads, and answered Amandina without turning her head back.

“Only places with a garrison will eliminate the bandits on their own. The Royal Faction places much hope on this ‘new forces’ for a good reason. While it is true that the garrison forces represent a new type of strength for Aouine, but no one knows if this strength has the opportunity to become bigger.”

“Even if they do become a force to be reckoned with, their strength is merely a generation long.” Brendel said with many thoughts in his mind.

Amandina lowered her head and started to reconsider a number of things.

Suddenly Brendel and the others heard a violent yell behind them: “Stop right there!”

The three of them were shocked and turned their heads back, only to discover that the voice was not directed at them. They first saw a panicking young man parting the crowd with his arms to run past them, but he did not take many steps before he was stopped by the two mercenaries in front of him.

The two mercenaries pulled out their swords and blocked the youth’s path. They roared loudly:

“Eke, where the fuck are you running to?”

“You fucking bastard, have you forgotten our rules?”

The youth’s eyes widened slightly and he glanced in every direction, and he discovered there were even more mercenaries with leather armor and shining swords pulled out to surround him. Brendel and the others were at the edge of the surrounding encirclement, and he was glad that no one else noticed them. He pulled Romaine back and took a few steps back in order to avoid this strange situation.

“Capo, what do you want?” Eke said tensely. He found all his escape routes sealed and he stopped moving to take a deep breath. He pulled his short sword out from its sheath with one hand, while he wiped away his perspiration with the other.

“You know clearly what you did.” A mercenary with grey robes walked out from the crowd and eyed him coldly: “Otherwise you wouldn’t get a guilty conscience and chose today to run away. Have you forgotten the oath that you took when you joined the mercenaries? Our leader and the rest of us treated you like a real brother, and you repaid it by betraying us?”

The youth shook his head and revealed a conflicted expression: “Capo, I didn’t betray any of you.”

Capo carefully studied his eyes and sighed. He shook his head and replied: “Come back with us and we will believe you.”

The youth shook his head firmly: “Capo, no. I beg of you to stop asking. I already said we can’t go to Forest Baern……” He faltered his words, but he shook his head again: “Please believe me this time… Trust me, I won’t hurt any of you. Just think of the past, how can I betray any of you—”

“Enough, Eke!” Capo interrupted the youth with a pained expression: “No matter what you say here, you must come back with us to see the leader. If you have anything to say, you can explain to him once we’re back to our camp. He practically raised you since you were young, but you’re leaving us at this point of time? This is the same as abandoning your comrades.”

Capo pointed to himself and the other mercenaries, then he spoke again.





“Do you see them? These are your allies who stuck with you through thick and thin. What are you trying to do now?”

Eke gritted his teeth and hesitated, but he finally took a step back: “Stop it, Capo. I know I am definitely in the right this time, and I won’t go back with you. I also want to stop all of you from going to that place, but I don’t know how to persuade you…….”

He took another look around him and discovered the mercenaries were coming closer and closer to him: “Capo, please let me go on account of our relationship. Trust me, I swear I won’t let you regret it.”

“Brendel?” Romaine asked as she watched the scene unfold.

“My lord?” Amandina also turned her head.

The two ladies asked him questioningly at the same time, ‘should we leave?’ in their words.

But Brendel shook his head as he observed the youth with an expression of deep contemplation.

Capo saw Eke was adamant in his decision and he knew that nothing was going to be resolved from talking. He took a step back and sent his men a signal. The mercenaries immediately swarmed towards Eke and sealed off every path.

Brendel was immediately surprised when the mercenaries moved. The mercenaries who looked like they were nothing special, actually were considerably skilled, and a few of them matched Leto’s abilities.

[Mid-ranked Iron tier fighters…… Although it’s true most of the mercenaries with a little fame stuck to their names have this level of capability, but to think there are so many here in this small town.]

Brendel was slightly bewildered. Amandina also discovered this point. She had wanted to ask Brendel again to reconsider leaving, but she stopped herself and observed the situation.

Eke maintained his composure under the mercenaries’ combined enclosing movements.

[What…!?] Brendel was shocked.

Eke suddenly rushed forward to his front in a blur, his hand grabbing onto the nearest mercenary’s sword hand and disarmed him. His actions were so fast that Brendel almost did not see what he did, and with a shake of his arm, the mercenary was hoisted off the ground and over his shoulder, then thrown onto the ground.

He shifted his body to the left and launched his whole body as a strike, and another mercenary was immediately knocked away. The direction of the flying man accurately flew towards Brendel and the other girls’ direction.

[This youth is at least a Silver tier fighter— Judging from his appearance, he’s younger than I am by two or three years. This is certainly fitting for the chaotic world ahead. Monstrous talents just keep appearing one after another. That little Felix, Freya and even Bretton could be considered as prodigies but Tirste and this youth here are even more exceptional than them.]

Brendel was astonished by the youth’s movements.





[The number of people with such talents are no more than a handful in a normal generation if you look at history, but I already saw at least five ever since Bucce. It’s no wonder that Vaunte fell into such a chaotic state of constant wars soon after Aouine’s demise. It looks like it was actually fated to happen because there are so many skilled people.]

Brendel did not stop moving even though his thoughts raced through his mind. He had activated Power Break to catch the flying mercenary, and he placed him back onto the ground.

[Amazing… The force nearly pushed me back. If the mercenary knocked onto a normal citizen, he might have caused serious injuries. If I still have the Thorn of Light, my stats would make it easier to catch this man— This youth is really reckless.]

The manhandled mercenary took a short moment before he finally recovered. He turned his head back and looked at Brendel with a pair of surprised eyes. He had not expected a passerby to have such strength, but he suddenly remembered that he ought to thank him.

“…… Thank you, kind sir.”

Brendel shook his head to interrupt him and his eyes went back to the small ‘battlefield’.





* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 64




TL: Update again on schedule. So I might be able to update one more time next week (October 23/24, no promises) before my return on November 27/28. I have been seriously busy with assignments, and I apologize if I don’t reply messages for this and next month.

Any Engrish mistakes might be unavoidable here.

Chapter 64 – The mercenaries

There was another man who flew out from the battlefield. Eke then struck down three mercenaries in the blink of an eye, and caused the crowd to have an opening. He moved towards the opening before anyone was able to react, but Brendel was slightly intrigued by his choice.





Capo was directly in the youth’s path.

The elderly mercenary brought his sword horizontally with his body inclined forwardly, and charged forward like a fearsome beast with tightly pursed lips.

[Randonian fencing. This swordsmanship was created by Swordmaster Imaria and was widely used in the continent in its early days. But there are not many practitioners in this era due to its technical difficulty. The number of users in this world who are truly able to use this style are exceedingly low.]

Brendel’s eyes narrowed a little. Almost all the people who knew this swordsmanship are highly skilled.

[Just raising this swordsmanship alone requires 133 TP from level 1 to level 2, and virtually exceeds the requirements of any typical sword styles by sixty percent. The accuracy rating is 2 times better than a military swordsmanship, while the damage increase is 1.3 times more, but there are not many players who actually spent time on it. That’s because the market price for the skill over one million Tor coins. As for book copies, there are only a few kingdoms who possessed them in their museums.]

Eke apparently realized his mistake as well, but trying to retreat backwards had became impossible, and he could only charge forward recklessly. Even though he did not use a sword from the beginning, it was clear from his fighting techniques that he was trained in the ways of the sword. Brendel recognized it as one of the knight’s varied swordsmanship.

[These two mercenaries look like they are close with each other, but the techniques they used are completely different. That’s quite interesting.]

But it was not exactly a rare thing to see in a group of mercenaries, so Brendel was just slightly interested in seeing how things turned out.

Eke directly charged into Capo while using his body to avoid the sword’s path, but Capo did not disappoint Brendel. He cleanly swung his sword twice and sealed off the youth’s options, and forced him to leap sideways.

If Capo took one more step, he would certainly force the youth into a dire state.

Brendel’s current stats were unlikely to match either of them, but he was certain of this fact more than anyone in the battlefield. As expected, Capo had seized the best position to attack where Eke was going to retreat next, and his sword was pulled back to prepare for a decisive strike.

But Brendel’s irides widened slightly.

Capo’s movements was slower by half a beat, and the youth grabbed his shoulder from the smallest opening to stop his arm from moving. He then lurched forward and smashed onto Capo’s body, knocking the veteran mercenary backwards by five steps. This change nearly surprised everyone, and even the youth’s stupefied expression was clearly reflected in Brendel’s eyes.

But Eke immediately shook his head. He saw that Capo’s stagger was a momentary thing, so he immediately turned around and escaped into the crowd.

[Well done.]

Brendel secretly praised Capo. He had deliberately received the blow from Eke but the way how he did it was really covert, and the average person would not be able to see through his actions. Brendel was the only exception with his unimaginable experience behind him, and everyone his age would have been deceived.

Brendel did not exclusively use a sword in the game and used other weapons for at least a decade. He had spend over a hundred and forty summers as a warrior. With one hundred and ten years in the way of the sword, and his foundation was beyond many people.





(TL: The game is 8 times faster in VR, so if the protagonist started off as 16 years old, then he would be around 33 years old IRL when he teleported to this world.

When I translate/localize, I also think about various aspects visually. So how I imagine it is from way early on when I TLed this series, this young naive fresh green kid Brendel met Freya for the first time and fought with her for years, then witnessing her death on the battlefield and Aouine’s demise, etc, which is the starting point of what Brendel is doing now and why he acts that way.)

Brendel’s true stats were merely that of a mid tier Iron-ranked fighter, and it looked like he was not even close to Eke’s match. But if they were to truly have a fight, Brendel would not lose even if there were two Ekes fighting him, especially when his military swordsmanship was at level 10 (9+1).

With the memories of the original Brendel about his grandfather’s swordsmanship, he was literally unmatched by anyone his age, and the military instructors in the army would just barely be proficient enough to become his students.

Still, even with his own vast experience, he did not reach his grandfather’s unapproachable aura that made people feel like they were on a tight rope hanging over cliffs. He was somewhat close to that state and becoming a grandmaster, but the more he raised his levels, the more mysterious he felt his grandfather was.

[A mere veteran soldier in that November War…? Even a level 100+ warrior like myself can’t gather up an aura to fight against him, it would really be ridiculous to write my grandfather off as a simple soldier. Especially when I don’t even see a hint of his strength on Leto.]

Leto was another soldier who experienced the November war. The only difference was the fact that he joined in the later part of the war, while Brendel’s grandfather experienced the entirety of the whole war.

[Who exactly received the Candlelight Emblem from the Holy Cathedral of Fire?]

Brendel had actively worked with Aouine’s government in the game, and joined the Church of light. This thought streaked across his mind and vanished.

Everyone looked at each other in silence as the situation suddenly changed, but the first noise that surged was from the surrounding citizens. Everyone started talking about why and how the mercenaries failed to capture the youth. Even though the majority of them did not really see how the fight started and ended, it did not interfere with their gossiping nature.

The mercenaries who were knocked onto the ground by Eke climbed up slowly. Even though they did not speak, their eyes did not show any signs of anger or depression, and instead showed like they were relieved.

Brendel naturally did not miss any of that. When he turned back to the girls, he saw Amandina also turning towards him, and their glances exchanged certain information.

“Brendel, they don’t seem like they want to go after him.” Romaine muttered next to him.

Brendel chuckled and nodded.

“Captain Capo, are you alright?”

Brendel saw a few mercenary soldiers going up to Capo carefully and asked. Capo looked blankly at his wrist for a while and then regained a strict face and look at his men.

“I’m fine. Alright, everyone form into groups and seal off Chablis. Don’t let Eke escape. If there are any problems with this afternoon’s situation, I’ll take full responsibility—”





“Oh.”

“Okay.”

“Understood, Captain Capo.”

The mercenaries answered stiffly, but their reactions were slow enough to raise a few heads.

But Capo seemed to ignore their actions. He surveyed his surroundings and his eyes fell upon Brendel. He had observed the entire battlefield and noticed Brendel helping his man out, but it was only now that he had the time to scrutinize him.

Capo was actually surprised when he studied Brendel.

He had noted Brendel’s abilities with at least a mid-tier Iron-ranked fighter, but he did not expect him to be so young. Any twenty years old youth with his skills would raise surprise anywhere, and his immediate thoughts went to Eke. That youth was the most talent person he saw in his life, and he was the commander ‘Maned Wolf’ Maccarlo’s adopted son. He had attained the Tier 2 Prowess at the mere age of seventeen, and in his memories, only the Blessed prodigies would attain such results at his age. (TL: Tier 1 prowess is iron rank, Tier 2 prowess is silver rank)

Eke has been the mercenaries’ hope and pride since he was young, and when he deserted from the mercenaries, commander Maccarlo merely wanted them to bring him back, and the rest of the mercenaries did not wish to see the youth get punished because of this reason. It was clear that the youth was dearly beloved by them.

When he thought about Eke, Capo’s heart steadied itself, and someone like Brendel appeared to be a natural thing. He exhaled and walked over to him, with his expression slightly more relaxed.

“I am grateful for your assistance, please call me Capo. May I ask for your name, Ser-?” He said.

“Brendel, there’s no need to be so courteous.” Brendel was also studying him.

The veteran mercenary had a pair of a ashen irides, and his brows looked as if they were constantly bunching up together like he had uncountable problems. Coupled with his looks was shoulder-length grey hair, and a pair of hands with long fingers. If he did not have calluses on the hands, he would look like a piano player.





Because of his looks, he did appear to be an attractive older man and he might even attract fangirls’ screams.

Brendel was somewhat jealous. Even though he was quite good-looking as well, he lacked a certain maturity that Capo had, who looked like he had been through ups and downs.

[Looks like these mercenaries are not your average ones either. I wonder which famous group they belong to in the southern regions. There doesn’t seem to be any indication on their clothes, or any easily identifiable emblems on them right now. If they went out for a mission, there might be some clues…]



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 65




TL: I kind of got rekt for trying something too hard of a subject. The lecturers didn’t like it and I want to fix things before I post it up. Don’t worry, I didn’t drop any series and I’ll be back on November 26/27 for updates on all the series.

I’m still speed TLing the chapter and there might be Engrish or TL mistakes.

[Read more…]

Chapter 65 – Mercenaries’ code

Brendel was throughly familiar with the background knowledge in the game. While Amandina’s understanding was restricted to the books, Brendel was was a complete veteran. Even though the captain apparently did not use his full strength, Brendel accurately discerned his true strength.

[About a Mid-tier Silver Rank fighter. At this level, he can match the White-Mane army captain of a full corp, and nearly reaches the strength of a commander. This fact makes it clear that this group of mercenaries cannot be underestimated.]





Leto and the other mercenaries were retired, but they possessed the strength of a Mid-tier Iron Rank fighters, and Brendel thought they were no weaker than the group here when they were at their peak.

He had tried asking Leto a few times about their background, but Leto did not wish to talk too much about it.

On the other side, Capo observed Brendel and felt a strange feeling crawl over his heart. His instinct was almost innate. When he looked at his black irides, they were as calm as though the event earlier did not happen. He had visited many places and seen many important men, consisting of Aouine’s nobles, great merchants, people from the desert and even a couple of mysterious wizards. None of them matched the youth’s demeanor, who gave a faint smile like everything was under his control.

It was a look full of confidence as though he knew everything.

For one moment, the veteran mercenary felt as though the youth had seen through all his secrets. He frowned and shook his head, trying to get rid of the ridiculous notion out of his mind. He did not know that was the truth, and Brendel had seen through everything just by observing him a little longer.

In this age, not many people knew Randonian Fencing, including Capo himself. He had learned the swordsmanship when he was young, and he thought it was ridiculous that it was impossible for the youth to know about it unless he was a grandmaster swordsman.

He noted the girls beside Brendel.

[Their clothes seem to indicate they are from Bruglas… While the citizens of the Grinoires region have similar clothes throughout the region, they are relatively different from the mountain folks.]

Capo wanted to speak about this point, but Brendel had stolen his initiative.

“I take it that you mercenaries are not from this village?” Brendel’s eyes looked past Capo on purpose to look at the mercenaries behind him.

Amandina and Romaine stood quietly on Brendel’s left and right when he spoke. Amandina had learned enough political etiquette to know that it was not the time for her to speak, while Romaine obediently blinked her eyes without saying anything through a merchant’s instinct.

Capo looked blankly at him for a short moment.





“Yes, and you?”

“We would pass through Chablis a few times every year. Even though we’re not locals, we’re at least familiar with this place. The truth is I was wondering why Chablis had so many tourists of a sudden.” Brendel lied through his teeth. “Until I saw what happened earlier did I realize you were mercenaries—”

Amandina’s eyes glinted behind his back, but she did not change her expression. Romaine listened with smiles, as though what Brendel said was the truth, befitting of her profession.

“We’re here to accept the invitation to subjugate the lizardmen bandits.” Brendel answered smoothly and calmly without breaking a sweat, making it impossible to see through any mistakes. The veteran mercenary did not think there was any issues with Brendel’s reply, and it was not a secret as to why they came here.

But Capo still held on to his wary characteristics and did not continue talking about the lizardmen bandits.

“You pass by Chablis a few times every year? You must be a merchant. If there’s anything our mercenary group can do for you, please feel free to hire us and we will provide the best service for you.”

He turned his head around to look back as he spoke: “But I have to apologize now. We have a small problem on our side, and I’m afraid I need to leave immediately. If you have the time, I can represent as my commander and welcome you to come to our camp any time.”

Brendel smiled. Capo was obviously irritated that he was wasting his time, and wanted to seek the youth who escaped earlier. He pretended that he did not notice the hidden meaning behind Capo’s words, and expressed himself like he understood something: “I see.”

“This must be a coincidence.” Brendel immediately added.

Capo was ready to leave, but he stopped upon hearing these words: “What?”

“It’s like this.” Brendel smiled and continued his reply: “TO be honest I’m not here for business this time. I’m here to search for a particular item.”

Capo frowned and stopped moving.

“What are looking for?”

“I’m just looking for a rock slate that has ancient text written on it. This particular item is within the Baern ruins, and describes a historical incident about the Silver Elves. As you know, the ruins have been occupied by the lizardmen about one year ago.” Brendel spoke evenly, as though this event actually happened.

“I came to Chablis three months ago to investigate the lizardmen situation. I brought a number of mercenaries along with me with the intention of stealing the rock slate, but I did not expect to meet Ser Capo and the mercenaries with you.”

Capo was completely surprised. “You mean to say……”

Brendel immediately nodded: “Yes, in order to have any outbreaks amongst us, I suggest using the 314th rule in the Mercenaries’ code. We will temporarily join your men and assist you under the condition that we won’t risk our lives. After we are done with the mission, we will part our ways and take what we need. How does that sound?”

There is no formal agreement amongst the Mercenaries’ code, but the rules could solve common disputes.

Long ago, the mercenaries had iron-clad agreements with the people who hired them and typically executed them faithfully, but the mercenaries tend to fight amongst themselves from verbal agreements.

It was only about a century ago before the Holy Cathedral of Fire became the adminstrators for adventurers, that they establish the agreements amongst into a bible, known as the Mercenaries’ code, and ended disputes temprorarily.

This code had been edited constantly and finally became a complete book. This time, Brendel had used a rare code that was established one hundred and fifty years ago in the Northern Aouine region, but there were very few people who brought this rule up in this era.

Capo paused for a while when he heard this suggestion.

“I don’t have a problem…… with this oath.” Capo eyed Brendel cautiously: “But I don’t have the authority to rule on this. If you’re interested, you have to meet our commander. His name is Makarov, and more commonly known as the ‘Maned Wolf’. He’s now in the inn, and you should be able to find him there.”

“Understood.” Brendel nodded. “Then I shall take my leave and not waste your time.”





Capo seemed to come out from his trance and nodded.

Brendel did not mind his reaction. He had planned to make use of these mercenaries when he saw them. Even though the lizardmen in the Baern forest were not malicious foes, it was still considerably difficult for him to lead his current forces to deal with them. If he had the additional help of the mercenaries in front of him, things would be much easier.

[Right now the Sage Slate is nothing more than a piece of rock in the eyes of most people. The value of it rose in the game only after players started to cross other regions. I’m sure I can persuade that commander… but what was his name again? Maned Wolf Makarov?]

Brendel paused for a moment.

[The Blue Woods mercenaries. So it’s them. One of the most famous mercenaries in the southern region… But didn’t become famous only after the Year of the Spring’s dawn? That’s five years later.]

He rubbed his forehead and started to doubt himself.

[A lapse in my memories? Or has something changed in history?]

Brendel did not know that Capo was facing doubts about the youth as well.

============================Capo’s POV===========================

“Captain, who’s that?”

Capo looked at one of the followers who came towards him. He shook his head: “I’m not sure, he appears to be a merchant in this local region.”

“I heard him talking about our Mercenaries’ Oath. I have never heard of 314th rule, is that a fake rule?” Another mercenary asked.

Capo shook his head. He knew that it was true, but it was only after Brendel described the rule that he recalled about it. It was not a particular thing to note of, as there were over seven hundred rules, and people only took care to remember the thirteen core rules. The other rules were just additional interpretation of how things should be done, and there was no strict regulation amongst mercenaries to use these rules.

But Capo felt that Brendel was the most mysterious and not a simple merchant.

“Having more people is a good thing.” One of the men immediately said.





“Not really, who knows if these people are spies from the other side.”

“That is quite true—”

“Don’t worry. If he wants to join our group even for the shortest time, he needs to pass the commander’s test according to the core rules.” One of the mercenaries replied: “The commander is definitely going to let Buga fight personally…”

The mercenary sighed and finished his words. “It’s a pity that Eke brat suddenly created trouble, otherwise he’s going to become the center of attention again.”

The young mercenaries suddenly fell into a silence when the topic suddenly changed to Eke.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 66




TL: First of all, welcome back. Second, I’m a little sick at the moment (coughing out blood — bad case of sore throat), I expect to recover in a day or so.

[Read more…]

TL: Things have changed a little due to certain circumstances and I assure you that it’s unrelated to the readers’ comments, but I kind of want to bring things forward.

The secret behind the name Sophie for the protagonist.

As you well know, many people disagreed with the name Sophie (ranging from mildly indignant to I-can’t-stand-the-sissy-name-anymore); I too didn’t like the name too. But, what comes later on in the raws was a particular moment was Brendel stating his real name “Su Fei” at some point. Here’s the conundrum.

1 – The inflection of the Chinese pronunciation Su Fei cannot be mistaken as Sophie (when you pronounce it correctly in English). Despite the notion that Su Fei is a transliteration of Sophie, this fact is only known to Chinese. To get an idea on how it actually sounds, go youtube the word “Souffle”, or google translate Sophie into Chinese and hit that audio button. You can’t mishear it into Sophie.

2 – Chapter 2’s title, Sophie’s world, seems to reference a particular book. Sophie’s world is quite successful, with 40 million in sales and translated to 50 over languages. Intentional or not, this title will probably make more sense in the distant chapters ahead. And yet that title has absolutely nothing to do with the plot, unless one can consider his stats window to be the “world”. I did not read that far ahead, so I can’t give a conclusive answer.

3 – It doesn’t help that the Chinese characters for the name Sophie and the protagonist is the exact same as the one in Chapter 2 title.

4 – Later on, the protagonist used his original name in front of a couple of girls, who commented on his name where his name sounded like a girl’s name.

5 – Finally we get to the crux of the problem. I would like to think that Brendel would somehow mangle his Chinese accent into a “westernized” accent when he told the girls of his original name, and might even rearrange the letters to something like ‘Sufie’ in order to “westernize” it. Why does he go through such a loop? Well, he has always been cautious of him revealing that he’s another person from another world, and by revealing that he’s not really Brendel would have roughly the same effect of a witch getting caught in the medieval era.

This in turn leads to the reaction of the girls who state that his name sounds like a girl. Basically, Sufie = Suphie = Sophie (in the girls’ minds). Brendel does have a reaction in response to that, but I don’t exactly remember what it was.

6 – With everything considered, I personally thought that it was the author trolling his readers, mostly because the CN readers gave him the nickname of Big Sister (afaik it’s to make fun of him finding sick leave excuses every month?). But yeah, that’s how it is. Either it’s the author having the absolute worse naming sense ever, or he’s trolling us. Given that his plot and character development is one of the best in the webnovel field, I would think that the possibility of trolling is on the table. As such, I did my best to convey that sense, by giving the name ‘Sophie’ from the very start. I personally thought that would be the ultimate reveal as to why I did it…

7 – Here’s a poll on whether you want me to fix the Sophie name into Su Fei.

Take Our Poll

Since that is out of the way, here’s the chapter. I’ll QC the chapter tomorrow.

Volume 2 Chapter 66 – Brendel’s swordsmanship (1)

=================== Makarov’s POV =======================

The Chablis’s Lantern Grass inn sits on top of the town’s highest point of an ashen cliff facing east. The hall resembled like a painting, depicting a scene where heroes and mysterious godly entities congregated. The huge wooden logs that made up the walls had been beaten by countless storms and the sturdy structure was slowly turning black.





Lines of packed windows decorated the building’s exterior, and this unique sight appeared like a giant beehive or a dragon’s nest on a mountain when looked from a distant place.

But the truth was, these windows belonged to the inn’s rooms.

The ‘Maned Wolf’ Makarov, was temporarily staying in one of the rooms, and the door was opened approximately fifteen minutes ago. The veteran commander looked at the map of Chablis local region, then raised his head to look at the old man in front of him. His subordinates continued to explain several things to him, and one of his bushy eyebrows lifted high up. His deer-skin gloves still held a magnifying glass with a bronze handle as he spoke.

“314th rule in the Mercenaries’ code?”

“‘If there is a dispute amongst mercenaries in a formal mission, both parties shall join together and achieve the goal together. The details in the collaboration should be decided by both parties.”

The old man’s hair had turned completely white. He answered the commander without looking away from a thick red-leather book that was nearly four inches thick. He appeared to completely uninterested in the topic.

“Master Lockwood, can such a rule really be interpreted in this manner?”

“It can.” The old man answered.

“Fine. Then let me see who exactly is that lad first,” Makarov beckoned to a youth standing in front of his table: “Go, let Redi test him—”

Makarov paused for a moment before calling out to the youth: “Hold on, did you find that rascal Eke?”

“There’s still no news yet, commander.”

“Very well, I got it. Dismissed.” Makarov shook his head and snorted, mumbling to himself. “I’ll make sure that brat gets it from me this time. Seems like I had indulged him one too many times. If this continues I won’t be able to give an an answer to my lord.”

The old man continued to look at his book, but a faint smile streaked across his face and he shook his head slightly.

===================== Brendel POV =====================

“You’re Brendel.”

“I’m Brendel.” Brendel looked up to the young man who was taller than him by a full head. His hair color was a rarely seen pure-white, and his eyes were like an unblemished gold that was as clear as an amber stone. His features were delicate, and he looked a little feminine.

[A citizen of Ablis?] Brendel secretly thought in his heart. The impression of the minority group was a young grandmaster swordsman named Gory Keyes with silver hair who was active in Vaunte approximately thirty years ago.

[Even though I suspected the mercenaries wouldn’t accept my request so easily, their commander actually sent a youth to test me. Honestly, other than a person with ‘Blessed’ or ‘Chosen’ status, there really isn’t anyone who could defeat me.]

Brendel was level 23 and a upper-tiered Iron rank fighter. Once a profession has crossed the barrier of level 15, then additional profession stats would be added to the progress from Tier 1 power level to Tier 2 power level.

Even though he had lost the Thorn of Light, his strength had increased to 15 OZ, and a dozen times stronger than a trained soldier. He might appear to be a youth who had a lithe figure, but he could easily kill a boar with a single punch easily if he wanted to.

His current overall power rating had exceeded 220 OZ, and he could face any mid-sized company of any kingdom’s second line of defense unit with much ease. With this level of ability, Aouine’s adventurers perceived them to have the equivalent strength of a Mid-tier commander.

Brendel’s hidden strength did not stop at his stats. His military swordsmanship at rank 10 was enough to make the majority of Aouine’s military personnel’s blood turn cold. Still, Brendel only thought he was still lacking as he was still a certain distance away from his grandfather’s swordsmanship.

Before he finished his thoughts, the youth in front of him had pulled out his sword and pointed to him. The tip of his blade shook slightly, causing the reflected light to dazzle him.





“Listen carefully, merchant. I have never accepted a weak challenge and I don’t show any mercy. It is in fact the exact opposite, because the fights between warriors are sacred. Bladed weapons cross each other’s path to end the opponent’s life—” The youth with white colored hair said: “The commander might have asked me to duel with you, but I will never betray my will to go easy on you. Do you understand?”

Brendel turned his head back to Romaine.

“Brendel, does he mean to say he’s stronger than you are?” She opened her eyes in an exaggerated manner in order to blink after.

“No, I don’t think he meant to say that.” Brendel sighed and replied, secretly relishing the fact that he did not become angry from Romaine’s comment.

“My lord?” Amandina asked.

Brendel shook his head.

[Does anyone here have any confidence in me?]

But his sword was already out from its sheath. He used an ordinary steel longsword after the loss of the Elven sword. Once the white-haired youth saw his sword, he showed off a look of disdain. The blade was completely new, as if it was just bought recently from a blacksmith.

He was not wrong. The truth was indeed so, as the previous sword had been destroyed as it could not withstand Brendel’s strength.

Brendel raised his sword and swung it randomly, as it to get used to his new sword. However, his actions immediately drew the boos from the nearby mercenaries and adventurers who were gathering around them. Brendel’s actions were like someone who had never fought before.

“Redi, isn’t your idol the grandmaster swordsman, Gory Keyes? Show us your skills by defeating this tenderfoot!”

“Well said, since you came from the same homeland, you can’t disgrace the name of Ablis.”

“You have my support Redi, trounce him till his mother can’t recognize him!” The mercenaries immediately made a din. The lawless lot would forever be a chaotic group regardless of where they are.

“Gory Keyes?” Brendel paused for a moment as he heard the familiar name.

He was prepared into entering Aouine’s military stance, but his actions were half completed and he was off form.

The mercenaries booed again.

“You’re not fit to mention that name!” The white-haired youth’s face turned dark and thrust towards Brendel with his sword.

The sword might have been swift and deadly in the eyes of a normal person, but before Brendel’s perception at 3.7 OZ, it was much too slow. Unfortunately, because his opponent had made the first strike without waiting for him to finish speaking, he subconsciously entered into a defensive parry that deflected the sword upwards with a long ringing.

The white-haired youth could not hold on to his sword at all, and it embedded deeply into the slightly black wooden ceiling with a slight vibration.

The entire hall turned silent.

The mercenaries who cheered loudly earlier had their mouths dangling openly, as if they saw a dragon or some monster. They watched Brendel blankly, completely forgetting to either praise or boo him.

Brendel’s action with the earlier defense could not be seen as elegant. To put it mildly, it was like a barbarian swinging a stick, void of any technique. But the key point of his defense was not a matter of elegance, but his strength.

[A natural born with freakish strength?] Everyone thought of the same thing.

This was not anything that was out of the ordinary. There were rumors of a portion of people who inherited the Golden Lineage that was in the past, and a few of them would transcend themselves to become a ‘Chosen’ being. Even if they did not transcend themselves, they would still retain a particular feature of their ancestors. For example, boundless strength, or an incredibly strong regeneration factor, and even someone who could see elements compounded into a magic spell.





Right now, the bodies that were known to still hold onto the Golden Lineage were dragons, unicorns and a few other mystical creatures.

But someone immediately yelled out:

“Tier 1 Power Rating!”

“Iron-Ranked fighter!”

The white-haired youth clutched his wrist and retreated five steps. He gazed at his swollen arm after he took on his opponent’s blow, and was unable to accept what had transpired for a moment. Even though he was not as talented as Eke, he was still able to achieve the strength of a low-tier Iron-ranked fighter, and was considerably impressive compared to the majority of the people out there.

He definitely did not expect that there was someone even younger than him who was stronger than him, and that he could not even hold his own against him even once.

[How can there be so many monsters like Eke?] Redi was confused.

His confusion only lasted for a few seconds, as Makarov and another tall middle-aged man walked down from the rooms to the hall. They did not witness the earlier scene, but looking up at the sword in the ceiling and the expressions of everyone around, the commander had a grasp as to what had happened.

He looked at Brendel and frowned. Even though he had heard that the merchant who wanted to join his mercenaries was a young man, he did not expect him to be a youth who did not look like he was past twenty summers.

“Buga,” Makarov lowered his voice immediately to the middle-aged man next to him. “Test him.”

“Me?” The middle-aged man had a strong Arreck’s accent.





“Yes. I suspect this man might be a person from ‘Paper Cards’.” Makarov stared at Brendel as he explained himself.

“How many talented youths do they have? Makarov, are you not overthinking things?” Buga said as he released the gigantic sword behind him: “But it’s fine to test him anyway since you already pointed this out. In any case, this youth definitely has some backing to him.”

Makarov turned to his old friend and looked puzzledly at him.

“Nothing much, it’s just that there’s a familiar scent that I’m smelling here.” The middle-aged man looked at Brendel with a hint of doubt.

PS: Just in case you wonder if the original raws 苏菲 is a manly Chinese name, HAH. Nope. That ‘菲 = Fei’ character is used to describe fragrant flowers.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 67




TL: So the next thing I’m going to TL is my japanese series. Finally I get the time to do it, I expect the chapter to be done tomorrow. After that, I will be doing a QC check on all the chapters. I’ll probably be back on the weekends for a new chapter of TAS. Kind of need to rest a few more days with less work.

[Read more…]

Volume 2 Chapter 67 – Brendel’s swordsmanship (2)

The silence in the hall continued. Brendel looked at Redi who still wore an incredulous face, then peered up at the still vibrating longsword in the ceiling and sighed.

He was not surprised at the outcome. When they exchanged the blow, he had felt that he was approximately five times stronger than the average man, which meant that he had just qualified as an Iron rank fighter, and was roughly the same standard during the time when he first entered the valley of the Golden Demonic Tree.

[Considerably impressive at this age, but you’re certainly not my match.] Brendel reflected on his current abilities. He was almost cheating in his growth. Entering to a Tier 1 power rating within one week, climbing to a mid-tier Iron Rank fighter, then becoming a entry level Silver Rank fighter. While he still did not match the growth of a ‘Chosen’, he definitely had the most impressive result in history for an ordinary man.

[I wonder if there’s anyone who can surpass this result.] Brendel mused to himself.





[According to the game’s calculation, a mid-tier Silver Rank fighter starts off at level 35. I need to get to level 40. That’s nearly 600,000 XP needed. I have to do this in seven months. Aouine’s Civil War starts off on December, and there’s a time limit after that for me to take part in it. If I miss it……]

His mind was working quickly, but he suddenly saw that the crowd was parting away.

Amandina uttered a surprised murmur.

Brendel also paused for a moment, then focused his gaze on two men behind the crowd. One of them wore a chainmail along with a blood-red robe. He wore a tall hat with colorful feathers on them, like an adventurer from Randner’s royal geographical society in Aouine. However, the emblem on his chest was not the Flaming Amber but a simple wooden medal.

There was an Emerald Bird carved onto it.

The man next to him was even bigger in physical size, and he wore a simple leather armor which covered only the most vital areas. His incredibly muscular arms were exposed outside his clothes, and carried a huge sword over his shoulders with a single hand.

His forehead was broad, but his cheeks were deeply gaunted as if they had been sliced away a knife. He lips were tightly pursed together, and coupled with his presence, gave the people who saw him for the first time a sense of great awe.

Brendel looked blanked at him.

[Isn’t he that man?]

A single strand of suspicion grew in his mind. The latter looked like a barbarian who came from the northern highlands that snowed throughout the year. The instant Brendel saw him, he immediately thought of this person: Arreck’s ‘Crosshand’ Buga, the right hand of Duke Rhun, commander of Fortress Lantonrand.

[One of the three most famous swordsman in Arreck, a grandmaster swordsman who is placed equally with ‘Grand Eagle’ DeJarre, and the ‘Silver Knight’ Sivia.]

Brendel knew of Buga because he was a famous character within the game.

Buga was the quest giver of ‘Bravery’, the primary quest for Duke Rhun. Brendel personally participated in that battle along with a number of gamers, and even till to this day, recalled that frightening battle with exceptional clarity.

[That final mission of the quest was to eliminate one of the twelve leaders of the Tree Shepherds, the Envoy of Sorrows, ‘Funica’. Right at time, the Envoy of Sorrows was level 97, and held the highest tier of the Darkness Element, almost completing the first step of shaping the perfect self, ‘Bronze Physique’. During that era, the players’ peak levels were at 83, and it was an impossible task to defeat the Tree Shepherds…]

The story during that time progressed in this manner.

Buga carried along the greatsword ‘The legend of Irving’, and led to the gamers straight into the heart of the Tree Shepherd’s base in the Forbidden Forest. He was the only one who held the Seaghan Cavalry Swordsmanship at Rank 17 which was a legendary existence. With merely four swipes of his sword, he struck Funica to his death.

The gamers were almost like an audience watching a movie throughout the entire mission, and their task was merely to delay the mobs.

[This battle truly cemented my decision to continue the path of a warrior, and in turn became the rare few gamers who played as one.]

Brendel observed a younger and healthier Buga moving towards him, and he felt his hands were a little wet from sweat. He did not expect to meet Buga here.

[This is the future Greatsword Champion, Buga— should I consider the fact that he has already attained the skills he had in the future? … But why is this man here? In my memories, he trained the Seaghan’s sword style when he was seventeen years old, and only got to know Duke Rhun a little later on. Why did he appear in this rural place?]

“Did you use Aouine’s military swordsmanship?” Buga’s eyes were focused on Brendel.

Buga’s faint blue-greyish eyes glimmered with slight delight. His eyebrows were very bare and his eyes appeared almost vacant, but other than that his appearance did not appear to be that of a foreigner. However the air around him was not of a regular person, but of a terrifying beast.

The higher one’s perception was, the more he would experience that fact.

Brendel’s current perception allowed him to listen to hear whispers even from a separated wall and even perceive the air currents, but as he stood there, he felt that Buga was an immovable mountain that stilled even the winds—

[I definitely see a man in front of me, but I feel like I’m facing a wall where nothing can go past it…]





Brendel swallowed. Only people who had crossed level 50 would have an aura like that.

[Does this mean he has already unlocked his Elemental powers? At such a young age?]

Brendel knew that Buga was not a ‘Blessed’ person, but this achievement might even cause a number of them to break out in cold sweat.

[As expected of this monster.] Brendel remarked to himself.

“Are you from the army, or a youth from the guards in some random city? The militia should not have someone of your skill in them.” Buga’s eyebrow raised a little as he asked. Brendel’s reaction did not surprise him. He did not react to his aura, and the only person who could do so in the mercenaries was only Eke.

[Eke is really an incredible talent.] Buga smiled faintly when he thought of Eke, but that smile immediately disappeared as soon as it appeared.

[Military swordsmanship. Only three types. Army, city guards or militia. Most of the cavalry nobles have their own household swordsmanship, and even the adventurers or mercenaries would have added their own style into what they have after they experienced battles. But this youth here, does everything prim and proper in regards to his stances. He’s obviously a student trained in some camp.]

Buga’s real identity allowed him to see things quite clearly.

But Brendel shook his head: “No, my ancestor is a Highland Knight. Currently I am attending to matters on my own and did not bring along my squire. I believe you have heard of my proposal. I wish to join forces with you because it is advantageous for the both of us. I have no other goals, and if you have any thoughts otherwise, please stay them.”

He thought for a while, but did not reveal Buga’s identity in order to avoid his suspicions.

The man who wore an adventurer’s hat and stood beside Buga, gave a small cordial smile when he heard of the reply: “We are very willing to accept your suggestion, but as you well know, mercenaries do not like to bring along baggage.”

Brendel glanced back and forth between the two men in front of him and understood.

“I hear you loud and clear. Please select the men that you wish to cross blades with me. I believe I have already defeated the first one. According to the rules, this test should not happen more than three times.”

Makarov and Buga exchanged glances.

The huge man brought his sword down onto the ground with a loud crash, and simply said: “Then let me be your opponent, young man.”

[Just like I thought!] Brendel took a deep breath. He stared into Buga’s eyes with a confident smile. He did not feel anxious but was enthralled with excitement.

[This is just as well. I don’t know how strong he is now, but having the opportunity to test out my abilities now is not a bad idea!]





Brendel’s heartbeat started to quicken. He raised his own sword as he felt every cell in his body burn. When he finally became level 130, Buga had passed away. One of his regrets was not having the chance to face the grandmaster who was his goal. Even though he had unlocked the ‘Silver Physique’ like Buga did, there was no longer a chance to duel with him.

He definitely did not think he had the chance to fight with him.

[Even though you’re not a grandmaster now, your battle senses are not beneath anyone else!] Brendel raised his head up like he had returned to when he was a level 130 warrior, and his eyes seem to burn with vigor.

The youth lowered his sword to his hip and pointed the blade up to Buga.





Aouine’s military swordsmanship at Rank 10 was not something to be seen as a basic sword style. A striking aura came naturally to Brendel and wrapped everyone with it. His grandfather was even more impressive when he took his stance, giving off an impression that one was on top of a cliff.

But this was enough to shock the mercenaries around him.

“A grandmaster’s understanding of the sword. Good. Aouine’s Military swordsmanship.” Buga’s eyes glinted: “You have the right to duel with me.”



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 68




TL: Sorry for the late chapter. I finally broke through my overwatch rank points at 2000. It’s really a hard game, haha.

I’ll probably do 1 more chapter of TGTBGAM and TAS within the day.

[Read more…]

Chapter 68 – Brendel’s swordsmanship (3)

After the words left through Buga’s lips, the greatsword in his hand swung vertically down towards Brendel’s head. He was ten meters apart from Brendel, but he combined it with a powerful jump that closed the distance, and in just a split second the heavy sword had already reached Brendel’s head.

Brendel did not need to look at the oncoming sword to know how dangerous it was. It was almost like an avalanche happening on top of a snow mountain. Before the sword reached its mark, the sound that emitted from was like thunder.





[Definitely a Gold-tier’s strength!] Brendel gritted his teeth and prepared his stance.

He tilted his neck and lined his left arm to form a triangle on the upper half of his body. It was the best defense he could use at his disposal. The system he had combined the levels of his skills and shaped into a reality where his physical feats were raised; if he was still in the game, the description would be ‘Aouine rank 9 Swordsmanship defensive stance – 27% chance to parry’.

The swords met in a blaze of sparks, and Brendel’s sword screamed as if it was in pain. The sword twisted back as it failed to stop the greatsword. He constantly adjusted the strength in his hand, but the immense power behind the greatsword seemed to press forward every inch like an unstoppable tidal wave, and he realized that he was unable to avoid it.

[There’s no road to escape-] Brendel’s mind calculated coldly and furiously.

But the years as a warrior in the game seemed to let him reach an epiphany, and he shifted his body weight to match the greatsword’s path which caused it to deviate slightly to the side. The greatsword smashed onto the ground, the force fanning out and destroyed the wooden planks at the same time, and at that moment the wooden splinters danced around like butterflies flying together.

The sword was different from Tirste’s lightning thrust. Brendel felt like he was an insignificant object when his strike came and there was no possible way to avoid it. He had seen this attack before in the game when Buga killed one of the Tree Shepherd’s high ranking members, but experiencing the attack personally was an utterly different experience.

[But he didn’t use full strength.] Brendel suddenly realized this fact. [It showed off his trump card that he have unlocked his Element, and it’s a considerably high level ‘Earth’ Element at that, otherwise it wouldn’t show off how skilled he is in the sword.]

Brendel exhaled coldly. The hall was quiet.

Even though the exchange between them was nothing short of remarkable, almost no one saw what happened clearly. The only thing that they felt was how Brendel did not seem like he was at a disadvantage. The mercenaries held their tongues and suppressed their gasps, not knowing how they should react.





[[[Buga’s sword was avoided by a Iron rank swordsman?]]] The mercenaries who had the same rank as Brendel started to put themselves into Brendel’s situation, imagining what they could have done under Buga’s attack.

The only option that seemed available was to wait for death.

“That attack seemed to look like the vice-commander used seventy percent of his strength, right?”

“T-that was…… luck right?”

“Just look at how he deflected it, at that level of skill, it’s not just luck.”

Whispers started to spread amongst the crowd, with varying degrees of expressions, ranging from excitement and shock.

Brendel and Buga did not pay attention to them.

“Hmmm.” Buga uttered a surprised voice and lifted his head. He was not in a hurry to lift up the greatsword from the floor, but he took a longer look at Brendel in surprise.

He thought that Brendel was a youth who had slightly more talent in the sword. He had gotten used to Eke’s talent, and certainly did not think much of others because of that.

[This young man isn’t simple at all.] Buga pondered deeply. [That slide earlier definitely belonged to a high level technique.]

Buga was not wrong. Brendel had copied the Elves’ techniques who fell a long time ago; the swordsmanship which had been lost to the ages in history. This particular technique focused on agility and dexerity.

Brendel’s gamble had paid off, and his mind shifted slightly to the thoughts of acquiring it before dismissing them entirely.

[Right now, Vaunte’s current era is definitely chapter 1 in the game. ‘The empire’s birth’, the title of chapter 1, describes Madara’s rise as a kingdom. Dredging up old manuscripts from the past requires me to wait at least to the time where chapter 3, ‘Ancient Heritage’, happens. These techniques can only wait till then.]

Brendel relaxed slightly when Buga stopped his attack. He shook his sword arm and realized that it was not numb, indicating that Buga had deliberately lowered his strength to match his standards. A thought sprang up in Brendel’s mind. If Buga only saw this as a test, then he might have the chance to win.

As long as Buga lowered his standards and sought to defeat him with the mere understanding of his swordsmanship and techniques, he was definitely sealing his fate.

Even though Brendel was not the amongst the top players in the game, it was not possible for Buga to compare with him. Brendel’s character in the game had trained in seventeen different sword styles, and there were more than half of them that reached over ten levels and above. He even saw and fought against countless opponents who had different techniques.

[Buga’s techniques came from a renown knight that focuses on strong openings and closings, one vertical and horizontal strike, which is where the name of ‘Crosshand’ comes in. With the combination of his Earth Element, that majestic aura around him would intimidate his enemies. Unfortunately, this doesn’t work on me.]





Brendel understood that he should not fall into his opponent’s rhythm, and he sought to have the first strike before Buga had the chance to pull up his sword.

The distance between them was over five meters as Brendel had backed up a few steps earlier. His attack was very simple, it was Aouine’s one handed thrust.

But it startled everyone—

The mercenaries who learned Aouine’s swordsmanship understood that it was an rudimentary technique, and in the game’s term – level 0 Aouine Swordsplay. Many of them had learned the technique and trained in it repeatedly, but they did not understand how his thrust covered over five meters in distance.

Brendel snickered inwardly when he saw Buga’s slight astonishment.

[It seems like the future grandmaster had learned of Aouine’s swordsmanship to a certain level, but he’s not at an advanced level yet. If you do, you would come to understand a master’s understanding in the sword increases the effectiveness of the technique greatly.]

Aouine’s military swordsmanship basic effectiveness covered a meter and half, and a master’s understanding increased it to three meters. Brendel had the advantage of knowing to increase it further through varying means from the game, and had the option of increasing it up to seven meters in distance.

Brendel’s swordsmanship in the game reached level twenty and above as a grandmaster, and he had heard rumors about a huge barrier at level thirty and a new title that superseded the Grandmaster rank, but he had never seen anyone or a player that reached that level.

The sword approached Buga with a flash. His speed was enough to cease the whispers amongst the crowd, while Buga smiled at Brendel when he discovered his intention to seize the initiative. He thought that it was nothing more than a clever trick to catch the enemy off-guard, and he was prepared to teach the youth a lesson.

It was an unfortunate oversight.

Buga suddenly realized that it was not a mere trick. Brendel’s sword seemed to dance even though it started off as a simple thrust. He should have followed up with another step and use the sword’s hilt to strike the opponent in a daze, then attack with a flourish. Brendel’s actions seemed to do that, but he pointed his swords in three different feints at three different targets before lunging the sword into his chest.

Buga was momentarily dazzled by the feints and he had to retreat a step to avoid the lunging attack, but Brendel seemed to have predicted his action and took an even larger stride. Before Buga knew it, the sword was already inches away from him.

This action jolted Buga and he drew back in haste, but Brendel followed closely with the same attacks that he did earlier; three feints at different vital areas after the first thrust, followed by a lunge at the area that was the most exposed.

Buga had never seen Aouine’s swordsmanship used in this manner, but Brendel’s techniques were beautiful in design and effective in reality. Buga swore that he had never even heard of Aouine’s military swordsmanship being used in this manner, but the youth in front of him showed that it was possible to bring this commonplace military swordsmanship to heights that one had never seen before.

This was the crystallization of countless warriors who spent decades in the game.

The gamers started to discuss the core of the various techniques in earnest around the time when it was about thirty years into the game. They came to the realization that the game had enough freedom to implement new techniques into the game without the need to rely on what was available in the game.

It was the era where a revolution in abilities and techniques.

Buga was facing what gamers defined as the basics, or more accurately, the modern Aouine’s system of military swordsmanship. He was also facing Brendel who had became a grandmaster warrior in the game as well, and he had also fallen into Brendel’s pace of attacking.

He felt tremendous pressure as the youth seemed to predict his every move, leaving him confused and lost, and that feeling made him feel like he was a novice swordsman who had encountered a grandmaster swordsman. He even recalled the moments where he had started to train in the sword for the first time in his life, and how his teacher corrected his every move.

This was the absolute level of disparity in skill when it came to techniques.





Buga was forced back by Brendel again and again, until he finally came to the conclusion that there would not be a result where he could win by skill alone. He had no choice but to use his full abilities, and channel his ‘Earth’ Element into his fist to defend against Brendel’s sword.

A huge clanging sound resounded through the hall.

This time it was Brendel who flew back ten over meters and smashed into the crowd.

Nobody cheered for Buga’s punch.

[Aouine’s swordsmanship? Is that really it?]

[How could it be used in that manner?]

[Just exactly how talented is that young man in the sword? Buga actually failed to defend against his attacks even once?]



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 69




TL: There are a number of reasons why I haven’t been updating my series as much. TAS is actually getting harder to write because it’s more descriptive and more confusing recently, that’s one. I’m now spending five hours and upwards for one chapter just for the first draft (which you’re getting right now).

Another reason is because of that undisclosed thing I mentioned earlier, and it kind of affects my IRL plans for the future. It’s serious enough for me to actually disclose Brendel’s name in advance, and I’ll say that 2017 might be a really strange year and I hope it won’t affect TAS.

The third reason is because I have been playing games, duh. School’s over, I received my cert, it’s like how long should I play my backlog of video games before I seek a job (lol). Here’s the review of Tale Of Wuxia, or if you don’t want to read it, you can go ahead and read TAS instead.

[Read more…]

Chapter 69 – Mountain winds

“I did not expect my lord to have such impressive skills.”

Amandina praised as she walked across the hall. The only time she had the chance to see Brendel in action was during the time in the auction site in Bruglas. However, she was busy pulling Romaine to safety and did not witness Brendel’s skill in action.





Three different sets of footsteps resounded throughout the stony walls of the inn’s corridor, echoing towards the dim exit. The owner had carved out windows from the wall’s section, allowing the ambient lighting to cast a soft glow on the dark floors.

“Yes, but Brendel has always been impressive.” Romaine added with flushed pride. Her beaming smile allowed her eyes to narrow in a bewitching manner, and she turned back to look at Brendel. He flinched as he became wary of her brewing strange thoughts in her head again.

This worry was not misplaced. Romaine first impersonated a regional noble to investigate the market, then enlisted a pair of thieving brothers to scribe a map to enter Chablis. It was a dangerous move because scribing a map without permission was a risk to be sent to the gallows.

Her actions were initially kept from Brendel but her words gave her away, otherwise he would still be kept in the dark.

[Not only that, she faked identification papers… I thought I looked down on Aouine’s laws, but here is someone who seems to flout the rules at every turn… Wait, does she even know what laws there are?] Brendel rubbed his forehead.

Romaine was remarkably cautious in her actions, and was quite alike to a cunning politician who did not reveal their misdeeds in any way. Brendel accidentally found her counting her coins in the carriage, before he realized that she had earned a considerable amount of pocket money illegally.

In the end he severely lectured her for hours, with her nodding and agreeing in assent with sincerity, but only Mother Marsha would know how much she actually heeded his words.

“What are you thinking about now?” Brendel blurted out.

“Nothing.” Romaine shook her head rapidly and hurriedly.

“… Then why are you so tense when I asked you?” Brendel sighed in exasperation, his doubts doubling.

“Did I look so tense?” Romaine rubbed her cheeks with her hands, and asked curiously with wide eyes.

“Oh little Romaine, your innocent acts aren’t fooling me any longer.”

“D-don’t call me that n…..” The merchant girl’s eyebrows raised upwards, but she immediately blinked and asked: “Can I go out alone for a stroll?”





“No.” Brendel said curtly.

He refused not because he was afraid of her driving the scenic town into a frenzy of chaos, but of another consideration.

The battle earlier had impressed everyone in the hall, and even Makarov admitted that he was competent enough. Once Brendel’s fiery warrior’s blood waned, he felt his mind regain its clarity.

It was a common thing for a group of adventurers to join up with mercenaries in the game. It was easy for them to get into trouble during their travels, and it was more than necessary to rely on others for help.

While it was rare for the Mercenaries’ Oath to come into formal actuality, it was not uncommon for them to be invoked. Most of the time, the different mercenary groups are quite wary of each other and only aided each other when it was necessary to do so.

[The test that was done today was really nothing more than empty words to try and hinder me from invoking the Oath. That Makarov and Buga’s actions are too strange, and they definitely have a hidden agenda.]

Brendel reflected on Buga’s facial expressions.

[He looked like he was suspicious of me. Is that really necessary to be so suspicious of a stranger?]

He was quite puzzled. He thought back on the situation that happened in the afternoon. The mercenaries tried to surround Eke and bring him back to their commander, but it looked overly complicated.

[A different goal? Or have they encountered some form of trouble? The worst outcome is if they are after the same thing that I’m going for…]

Brendel rubbed his furrowed brows.

“What’s wrong?” Romaine asked. “Are you angry at me?”

“No.” Brendel glared at her in annoyance. He knew that she was not afraid of his anger, but because she was hoping to get a response out of him. “Amandina, what did the mercenaries said they called themselves again?”

His thoughts shifted as recalled of another issue which might turned out to be a new problem for him.

“The Grey Wolves.”

“The Grey Wolves?”

“What’s wrong?”

“Nothing—” Brendel replied in a casual manner, before mumbling to himself: “… The Grey Wolves… Isn’t it supposed to be the Greenwoods Mountain Mercenaries? Makarov looks exactly like how he’s described, but why is the name different?”

[Did history change? While it’s a possibility that they changed their names, but registering a change in the kingdom’s records would have been a huge task, it would usually be rejected unless there’s a huge incident—]

Brendel suddenly looked up to the stony window to look at the faint skylight.

======================== Makarov’s POV =================

“What do you think of him?”

The middle-aged man with red hair felt the scar on his face as he turned back to ask Buga.

The cool breeze that stroked his face made him feel heavy-eyed. He narrowed his eyes to look at the town below the hill’s inn. Man-made steps were carved in winding paths to lead up to the inn.

The ‘Maned Wolf’ Makarov was renowned in the mercenaries’ circle for nearly seven years. He was famed for his bravery and unforgiving duels he had, almost as if he had no regard for his own life like a starving wolf. The wolves in the southern Aouine’s mountainous regions are also called the silver maned wolves, which was also the reason why he was named so.

“Hah.” Buga smacked his head with his hand and gave a gruff laugh: “That young man’s ability in the sword is nearly faultless. He almost has the standards of a grandmaster, and amongst the military—”

He suddenly coughed: “You know what I mean. I cannot compare to his talent when it comes to the sword. That young man, Brendel, is someone who’s born to carry a sword. I can hardly believe someone of his age can reach to such skill. Do you know that I couldn’t even fight back—”





He continued laughing: “Before young master Eke, I truly did not think there’s talent in this world. To reach the name of ‘talented’, would require determination and hard work. Young master Eke proved me wrong. Today, I was proven wrong again. I feel like I have been wrong all my life.”

He grinned when he was finished, revealing his white teeth.

“You’re comparing him with young master?” Makarov’s eyes went wide, forcing the scar to become even more prominent. It was left from a Night’s Son, and the people who knew him well know that the scar was already there even before he became a mercenary. “I did not see such skill in him.”

“This is why you’re the commander and I’m the fighter.”

“Your opinion of him seems very high, it seems.”

“Yes. But that young man reminds me of someone.”

“Who?”

“Hah, a really stubborn bastard. But putting that aside, I don’t think he’s a spy for ‘Paper Cards’. If they had someone as talented as him, they would have been signs.”

Makarov shook his head to disagree: “This is hard to determine. The timing of this is too sensitive to be certain of anything. I do not think that ‘Paper Cards’ would fight for just a simple mission. Chablis is a small town with no prominent resources, so why would it attract them?”

“You mention before that they had other motives?”

“Indeed.”

“But for what exactly? The lizardmen bandits have some other goals, or for another reason entirely?”

“I do not know. Eke has been very strange lately,” Makarov closed his eyes and sighed. “This makes me a little worried. I do not wish for a group of unknown men to follow us with ill intentions. The last mission was meddled with by ‘Paper Cards’, this time I want no incidents.”

Buga eyed him for a fleeting moment.

“Has the maester agreed to this as well?”

Makarov nodded, then shook his head. “He did not say anything.”





“Then why not wait?”

“We can’t put if off any longer. Do you not feel the signs that the Tree Shepherds are catching up to us?” Makarov said with a chilly breath: “Three days. That’s the limit. We’re moving out.”

“And the young man?”

“Let him come with us.”



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 70




TL: Should be one more chapter coming soon.

[Read more…]

Chapter 70 – Setting out

The July morning in Chablis was a song of birds’ warbling that filled the forest. When the morning sun covered the town, it also seemed to fill it with vigor and life.

Brendel’s habits had completely changed ever since he entered this world. He used to sleep in late whenever he could back in his original world, but now he woke up early as a swordsman. He took in a deep breath, filling his nose with the air inside his room that smelled of peppermint leaves.

Having the luxury to sleep felt like it was ages ago.





He walked towards the nearest window to look outside the inn’s window. The scenery was Chablis’s undulating mountains, with the town’s stony architecture giving an indescribable charm. As he admired the landscape, he held down a paper card with two fingers and opening it with his thumb. The Wind Crystal that was placed beside it immediately turned into a path of green smoke that went straight into the paper card. A small gust of wind blew within the room, and numerous dimension cracks appeared to reveal twenty Wind Spirit Spiders which jumped out.

He immediately gave them an order, and the chattering spiders scattered away, becoming blurry and transient, before they finally disappeared as wafts of smoke and went outside the room. The cracks closed and the wind stopped, and upon witnessing this event, the youth smiled.

“The current situation appears like it’s a quest mission.” He furrowed his brows as he opened a bottle of mana potion. This thought has been lingering for two days and he did not sleep well over it.

The game had events that appeared randomly without warning, which either led to a chain quest or a dungeon. There were hints of how the quests were going to be spawned from logical events, and it was an attractive selling point.

[Should I treat this current situation like the game or should I worry how far it is going to deviate from the game? Wait. Think about it, thus far, all the major events have followed the game’s history. Surely there’s a possibility that this mercenary group that appeared here was in the game’s history as well.]

Brendel went back and forth in his mind, trying to recall the insignificant events during the early years in the game. After a short while, he finally recalled about an event about within the Baern’s ruins. The people involved claimed to be the first team that got a chain quest.

[It’s really familiar—]

As he tried to recall details about the event, a series of impatient knocks could be heard from the door.

[Not Romaine, she wouldn’t bother knocking, not Amandina either, it’s unlike her to knock in such a rude manner— Makarov’s men.]

Brendel immediately guessed.

“Please enter.”

The door opened to reveal two young men. One of them was the youth with white hair and a feminine face, who looked at Brendel with considerable scorn. The other man was one whom Brendel had not seen before.

Brendel observed the second man closely; he had short near hair, a skinny and short figure, and he looked inside the room with an expression full of curiosity.

“S-ser Brendel, we’re ready to move, may we know if you’re ready?” The short youth glanced at him with an inquisitive expression that’s mixed with doubt and admiration. It was evident that the battle Brendel had against Buga had given him a deep impression.

It was well known that Buga’s abilities was far beyond Makarov, and a young man whose age looked about twenty had bested him in terms of technique, was something that beyond imagination.

[I have heard of the people who are ‘Chosen’, but I don’t know how strong they are… I wonder if he’s one?]

Brendel would have laughed if he knew what the small youth was thinking. At his current strength he was not even close to be a ‘Chosen’, he could not even compare to a ‘Blessed’ person either.

“Understood. We will be there shortly. I thank you for informing me.” He nodded.

The youth with white hair immediately scoffed.

Brendel’s eyes darted over to him. He had socialized with some of the mercenaries and found out that the white-haired youth was a noble’s scion. It was not surprising that he had a temper and a condescending personality. Brendel guessed that his reason for joining the mercenary was an entire whole story altogether.





He had no interest to learn of it in any case.

But while Brendel ignored him, the white-haired youth did not do so. In fact, he became even angrier for being ignored at, and he scoffed again: “You listen to me. Even though I’m not your match, I’ll constantly have my eyes on you, and if I find out you’re trying to do something out of order—”

The youth beside him turned around in shock as he did not expect his partner to say something like that. His eyes went back to Brendel. He mouthed wordlessly, but no sound came out of his throat.

“Oh, you—?” Brendel secretly added ‘moron’ in his mind, then held his gaze on him: “Are called Redi, are you not?”

“My name has nothing to do with you.” He spat the words out.

“Are the nobles in your homeland without manners?” Brendel asked.

“You….” Redi said through gritted teeth, his hand reaching for his sword, before he recalled the difference of strength between them, before he dejectedly lowered his hand.

“Eke escaped?”

“How did you know of this, you…..!”

Redi’s brows creased together and he wanted to question Brendel, but he saw him in a contemplating manner, and immediately realized he made a mistake. He grunted heavily: “Hmph. You concern yourself too much with this matter. I will inform your transgression to the commander.”

[Blah, blah, whatever. I wonder how many idiots like you are out there.]

But a smile appeared on Brendel’s face: “I merely ask because I had the chance to meet Ser Eke, if you must know.”

[I don’t gave a shit.] Redi was furiously grinding his teeth, but there was no other expressions about putting on a taciturn face.

“I heard that you are from the same homeland as the Saint of the Silver Sword, Gory Keyes.” Brendel suddenly said.

“That’s none of your……”

The white-haired youth finally realized that Brendel was mocking him. He ceased talking and added a dismissive snort. Since he realized he could not have the upper hand against Brendel, he turned around and pulled his partner away, with the intention of leaving Brendel behind to find the way on his own, and it would be even better if he was unable to find his way.

Brendel kept laughing in his mind.

[It seems that bastard Gory has an ardent admirer.]

He had tried to learn his sword skills from Gory, but he failed to get any quest related to his techniques, and even suffered considerably under the old man’s temper.

[I wonder if he knows that old man’s real nature. He really loves to gamble, but he’s always unlucky and he completely denies making a bet when he loses… But there might be an opportunity to get one of his skill someday. It’s a pity he is traveling in Kirrlutz currently, otherwise I might try to find him.]

…….

Makarov and Buga exchanged long looks with each other. In the end it was Makarov who asked: “Ser Brendel, they are?”

He pointed at the twelve mercenaries who wore different uniforms.





[Mother Marsha above, we locked down the inn’s entrance and exit. We had scouts at the town’s gates, but how did these conspicuous men escape our notice? Did they arrive long ago before us? But we have been here for three days and these men did not appear!]

He stared at the men who carried axes, spears, shields, longswords along with full headgear.

Brendel did not understand the conflict in Makarov’s mind, so he merely shrugged as he explained with a smile: “These are my men. I believe I had mentioned before that I have mercenaries under me. Hmm….. They hail from distant lands, and as you know as a merchant, I had the chance to travel to different kingdoms. These mercenaries are from a minority tribe from the eastern Kindoms. Please do not mind what they wear.”

The smile never left his face, as though something like that really happened.

Amandina and Romaine threw furtive glances at him.

[Brendel actually has contact with minorities from the faraway lands! Incredible!] Romaine’s innocent mind praised him wholeheartedly.

But Amandina had different thoughts. Even though she knew he had another group of mercenaries under him, they were most likely from Arreck and not minorities.

[There’s something amiss. Even though Brendel said Ciel had to go back to Karsuk for a certain matter, there’s something wrong somewhere.] Amandina buried these thoughts in her heart as she did not want to question her lord.

Makarov and Buga who had more experience than Amandina obviously came to the same conclusion, but they did not understand how these mercenaries came about. Their Silver-ranked scouts even found Eke, but these new mercenaries who looked like they only had Iron-ranks fighters amongst them actually bypassed every scout.

Makarov subconsciously knitted his brows together. His opinions rated Brendel three grades higher, and he appeared to be on the realms of mystery.

“Then, Commander Makarov, should we set off?” Brendel asked.





“Certainly.” Makarov nodded with some difficulty. He was determined to place Brendel in the center of his own mercenaries to keep close watch over him. He was originally confident that he could keep trouble to a minimum, but there were twelve ‘Silver-ranked’ mercenaries who escaped detection, led by a youth who he himself was physically capable as a Silver-ranked fighter who was armed with incredible talent in the sword.

He felt a headache coming up. He looked back at Buga with a little blame in his eyes: “My old friend, this was the result of your investigation?”

Buga shrugged.

Makarov had asked Buga to search the mercenaries that Brendel had mentioned, but there was not even a hint about them, but there were twelve of them that suddenly sprung up. Even though they looked like they only were ‘Iron-ranked’ fighters, but Makarov did not believe his own eyes. These men were strangely dressed and he thought they had the means to hide their own strength.

Buga also shook his head inwardly when he saw the mercenaries.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 71




TL: So I recently found a webnovel about chinese history.

Gravity tales is translating The Grandmaster Strategist, and I find that it’s translated really well. The story is about an alternate universe that talks about chinese history as a genre (no cheat skills or systems. It’s not a xianxia.). This novel isn’t a real historical novel, but it picks from famous chinese poets and combine their poems which the protagonist writes, which then invites drama that comes into play. This is like a webnovel that introduces you to chinese history written in an entertaining way. I kind of have to tip my hat off for the guts to even try and translate this novel.

Honestly, the original text picked off hardcore poems that needs a whole chapter devoted to explain the origin’s text and meaning, but the translator did a really fine job in making it sound great in english and retain its general essence.

[Read more…]

Chapter 71 – The oncoming premonition

Brendel rubbed his forehead as he recalled a particular battle during the game, as he traveled into the Baern’s forest.

Before entering a war filled with bloodshed, the gamers who led a peaceful lifestyle could hardly imagine the fanatical eyes of every person that seemed to be swallowed in bloodlust. The battles were as chilling as it appeared, the cold and merciless blades that went into each throat, causing crimson blood to spray everywhere, filling the air with iron rust, while each victim struggled on the ground as the night melted into the background. Their weary eyes saw their final moments before their vision became dim.

That did not mark the end of them, because their own blood would pool within their lungs and they would cough incessantly, in a painful bid to cling for life before they finally expire in sorrow.

Once upon a time, ‘Sophie’ thought ‘The Amber Sword’ was going to progress like a scene in a novel. He recalled the moments of how the battles unfolded in a bizarre manner.

There were no two armies deployed in an orderly fashion facing each other. His first true battle with large numbers occurred in the Delttal Forest. Tall trees with dense leaves lined across a precipice which led into a meandering shoreline. The enemies that consisted of slavery merchants and their private armies hid within the cliffs’ large fissures.





The number of gamers and NPCs were more than three times the slavers’ private armies, but the true battle was decided by how proficient their scouts were in a place like this.

The initial battle started off with the gamers completely falling into chaos as they were flanked from an ambush in an unfavorable spot. Team members were separated from each other and the appointed leaders lost sight of their position, and the majority of the people had to form into small groups to fight for themselves.

The enemy employed multiple highly mobile ambushes that came for the flanks and back, and the thousand odd gamers were held back by a single unit of cavalry.

No one knew where the scouts were spying them from, and the chaos had made it impossible for the leaders to keep track of where their flanks were. In retrospect, Brendel felt that having the option to command a battleground from an isometric view like how other games were, was something of a blissful thought.

During the thick of the battle, countless swallow-tail flags were carried by a myriad number of guilds that served to obscure sight and contributed nothing but disorder. They were ushered to move in a direction that no one knew where they were going, occasionally encountering small groups of the slavery’s private army and defeating them easily. Everyone thought they had the greater numbers and thought they were going to win, but the longer the battle went on, the more splintered the groups became.

The slavers’ main private army moved in an organized manner with numbers that dwarfed the splintered groups, picking them off one by one, like how Brendel had done so earlier when he fought the undead army with the refugees.

By the time dusk came, the remaining gamers found themselves surrounded by the enemies’ flags—

[‘The Delttal’s massacre’, aptly named in the forums. Seventeen hundred gamers gathered together by three large guilds to fight along the NPCs. There was no question to the gamers’ skill and courage. Even until the end they formed small parties to fight to their deaths, but the result was the gamers being utterly obliterated.]

The irony in the situation was how the smaller groups of gamers caused more damage to the slavers in the night, compared to the situation in the daytime where they had the advantage in numbers. Brendel gave a wry smile.

[This memory still chills me to my soul even though that battle happened just after Bucce’s battle with Madara. The gamers only learned how to employ tactics and memorized the guild flags and whether they belonged to the cavalries or foot soldiers. The commanders situated themselves onto higher grounds so they could observe the batleground and adjust their positions accordingly within a ten-mile radius.]

Brendel watched Makarov issued commands that the gamers had to learn themselves.

There were certainly differences to the battle Brendel had because of the scale, but the principles behind them were similar. Brendel held the horse’s reins closely and directed it to avoid shrubs so that they would not prick it. He glanced around from time to time, and discovered figures wearing green robes and painted bows darting across. Normal people would not have noticed them.

[‘The Forest Spirits’? They are definitely the best hunters that appeared in this world as far I can see. Kirrlutz’s soldiers called them the ‘Forest Spirits’ when they invaded this land two hundred years ago, but it’s a name that the local citizens saw as praise. This meant they were the swiftest hunters, the most accurate archers and the best rangers.]





“I wonder where Makarov found them.” Brendel subconsciously mumbled as he tapped the gold plated bits on the reins. He had actually teamed up with them before, even though the time he had with them was not long, they left a deep impression on him.

“I wonder if they scouted this place for a long time.”

The mercenaries would have an easy time if they had excellent scouts. Makarov certainly handled things well. Brendel understood that mercenaries could only perform well if they were far more familiar with the lands compared to their enemies.

The members of Makarov’s mercenaries were definitely veterans. It was a common thing for mercenaries to be hired to clear bandits, and the more famous their name was, the more experienced they tend to be. Makarov himself was clearly someone who’s renowned.

[There wouldn’t be many differences to how I would employ our positions if I was to lead the mercenaries. He even has an advantage over me since he already knows where the lizardmen are. The Elven ruins in Baern should prove to be a difficult place to access if they are not locals, but it seems his men knows this place well. I wondered how I’m going to work with him and I considered the possibility of hiring other mercenaries to follow his tail, but that itself can be considered as a great affront.]

Brendel ultimately chose to use the Mercenaries’ Oath, and was secretly delighted that Makarov had a great number of scouts. It also highlighted the disadvantage if he chose to chose his former plan. If he followed them from the back, he would not have seen the scouts.

He looked over to Makarov and Buga.

Their faces were taut. They had shown Brendel’s their scouts because they had no choice. If they hid them, sooner or later Brendel would have noticed them, so revealing them now was a choice they made to give him a warning. Brendel’s men seemed to be like a bomb waiting to explode. Placing them in front or at the back was even more dangerous, compared to placing them at the center where they could surround them quickly.

If he had a choice, Makarov would have Brendel thrown out a long time ago. Even through the journey he wanted to do so several times, but he shook his head in the end.

[Even if other groups of mercenaries would do something otherwise, the Grey Wolves must not do something dishonorable. The agreement stands.]

“Is Eke still in the town?” Makarov turns to Buga and asks.

Buga nodded.

“Forget it. Let him do whatever he wants. This isn’t his fault,” Makarov shook his head and let a sardonic smile spread across his face. “It’s unfortunate that we couldn’t tell him too much.”

“He’s doing this because of you.”

“I know he’s concerned about the ‘Paper Cards’, but he doesn’t know that we know about their presence already. That idiot bastard Drake thinks he’s fooling us, but what he doesn’t know is we’re playing along with his trick.” Makarov tilted his head with contempt: “But the most troublesome person is not him, but the youth in front of us. I’m certain that he’s not with the ‘Paper Cards’ yet that doesn’t give me relief.”

Makarov gave a rarely seen expression that was full of disdain.

“That’s a terrible irony, you do know that right.” He said.

Buga agreed as well.





Brendel did not know that he caused such grief to them, but started to calculate the number of men marching. There were seventy odd men altogether heading straight to the Elven ruins.

[It would be best if we could ambush the lizardmen, otherwise this excursion would take a few days.]

Brendel’s thoughts drifted to this morning.

[The insignia of the Grey Wolves are lilac flowers that specifically blooms in the southern region. The insignia are the exact same as the Greenwoods Mountain Mercenaries… Wait… what’s the composition of the Grey Wolves Mercenaries again? ]

Brendel looked at the Makarov’s men around him.

[Half of them are Iron-ranked fighters, a fifth are Silver-ranked, along with ‘The Forest Spirits’? With such a group of mercenaries to clear a hundred odd level 20 Lizardmen Bandits, there’s no need to even arrange tactics here. Something is off about this.]

Brendel finally realized the origins of the Grey Wolves as he observed them, but his train of thoughts were interrupted when he heard Amandina snapping in a loud voice.





“Why are you placing your men over here? This isn’t normal!”

Brendel could imagine Amandina’s frown on her face without turning around.

“What the hell do you know, you wench.” Redi’s voice rang out loudly.

Brendel’s face immediately darkened.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 72




TL: This is the initial draft. The next chapter should come two or three days later.

[Read more…]

Chapter 72 – Brendel’s strategy

Brendel turned back and indeed saw the white-haired man wearing a frosty expression.

What came next into his sight were ten odd Juddelan heavy infantry men. The Juddelan was one of Aouine’s most commonly hired mercenaries. These men lived in regions near the sea, and all their eleven ports were frequently hassled by pirates. With these constant battles, the citizens of Juddelan naturally became mercenaries.

A typical Juddelan mercenary wore a well crafted and heavy scale armor, a long flame-forged steel spear, and on top of the spear held a shield half the size of a man. Finally their waist was adorned with higher grade swords and axes that were handed down from their ancestors.

Brendel knew them well from the game.

“What is going on?” He jerked his horse to stop it from moving as he asked.

“These are clearly heavy infantry……. Messere,” Amandina’s obsidian eyes beheld a clear alertness as she turned around to answer Brendel: “They clearly do not trust me if they place this group of heavy infantry behind us.”

Brendel took another glance behind her and realized something suddenly. He merely smiled: “Not trusting is a normal reaction.”

“But—”





Redi snorted in displeasure at Amandina’s continued disapproval.

Brendel eyed at him once and asked: “Then what is the reason for putting these Juddelan men behind us?”

“It does not concern you.” Redi snapped.

“Ser, these men usually move slower in the forest,” It was the shorter youth who came along with Redi in the morning who walked over. He jerked Redi’s sleeve, while he continued to answer: “Commander Makarov also placed them here to handle ambushes, and it’s not because of the distrust towards everyone here.”

“Wonderful, killing two birds with one stone.” Brendel expressed an understanding face, but he did not forget to ridicule Redi: “But your partner is just awful at communication compared to you.”

Redi’s face flashed in anger and flung his arm to get rid of his partner’s pull, leaving the other youth behind. Brendel took a longer look at the youth in front of him: “What’s your name?”

“I’m Sanford.”

“Sanford, that name doesn’t sound like the locals.”

“I’m originally an apprentice baker in Bruglas…… which was before I became a mercenary. Ser, your accent seems like one from there too.”

“I’m not, but the girls are.” Brendel pointed his chin at them.

Sanford gave a shy smile and looked at the girl riding behind Brendel. But she turned her face away to the side and did not look at him. Even though she was a poor noble, she had the temperament of a typical Aouine noble who refused to be friendly to typical commoners. Romaine did not have the same concern, so she winked at him as she was from Bucce and considered as a neighbor.

“It sounds like this reasoning is fine, but to bring heavy infantry in the forest is a sign of ill consideration.” Amandina looked at the Juddelan men as she spoke.

But there was a loud retort that came swiftly when she finished her words.

“Serah, messere, pray hold your words. We have to work for our meals, and commander Makarov was kind enough to accept us, so we have to pledge our loyalty. It behooves us to follow our group, have you ever heard of mercenaries leaving their comrades to go forth in danger while we stay back?”

A Juddelan mercenary came into sight as he walked out from the shrubs. He was carrying a large black weapon, his face full of stubble along with a lop-sided grin. He shook his head as he spoke with a heavy accent.

Brendel’s group looked at him.

[Here’s someone who can walk freely out of rank. His position within the mercenaries is definitely not low.]

“Frank, assault captain.” He introduced himself as he rubbed his nose.

“What is that?” Brendel’s gaze fell upon Frank’s weapon in his hand.

“A flintlock gun, this is my precious baby.” Frank patted his black weapon and gave a harsh laugh.

Brendel recognized that weapon. Abandoned mana crystal fragments were used as gunpowder, while an Element Needle was uasd as the ignition mechanism. They are the unigue firearms of this world. The Ovlans had started making guns approximately thirty years ago, and even had two squads of soldiers armed with flintlock guns; and dating even further back the Silver Years was the Dwarves creating matchlock guns.





A gun was extremely powerful in close range. The best flintlock gun one could find did the same damage within forty meters as a Brass-ranked artifact. Furthermore, the gunners in this era were very familiar with the usage. The only ranged unit that might possibly outperformed it was a trained squadron of mages who specialized in projectile magic. (TL: Examples of the Brass-ranked artifacts are Brendel’s wind ring and flame ring.)

[Many mercenaries love using firearms, especially pistols. Using a long barreled gun like this person here is rare. Even throughout the game, guns didn’t change how wars are fought, unlike my original world. Since mana crystals are limited, so is the quantity of guns.]

Amandina felt her face burning up slightly but she maintained her vigilant attitude. “What did you mean by that?”

“It’s very simple. It seems that you’re following what the kingdom’s army was taught to do in books. We’re simple mercenaries. Regardless of whether we’re light or heavy infantry, the only thing we do is to fight together under any type of situation. You are not wrong in saying we shouldn’t be here in this forest, but we need to consider reality……” Frank answered in a polite tone, but it was not hard to listen to hear the indifference in his voice.

Amandina hiccuped once. She knew that her knowledge that she had gotten from the books was shallow, but pointing it out directly made her feel slight anger. She cast a quick glance at Brendel, and whispered quietly.

“Do you believe them, my lord?”

Brendel looked at Frank and nodded.

“But-”

“But what?” He asked her instead.

Amandina’s eyes said ‘Are you really going to believe him?’.

Brendel merely gave a smile and exchanged greetings with Frank and Sanford, before urging his horse to move forward. He did not give a reply to her, but her obstinate personality did not allow her to stop at that, and gave chase to him.

“My lord, I don’t think these men are normal.”

“Why?”

“Instinct.”

“What do you say to that, little Romaine?” Brendel said without turning his head around.

“I don’t know,” Romaine shook her head: “But my aunt has said that being overly formal and detailed are the signs of being guilty!”





Brendel grinned when he heard her answer, and he urged his horse near Romaine and flicked her forehead.

“You cunning little fox. You obviously know what they are up to and yet you have to do it in such a roundabout way.”

“I, I really don’t know!” Romaine’s brows raised up as she quickly tried to justify herself.

Amandina did not know what to do in front of their flirting, but she finally understood that Brendel feigned ignorance and already suspected their motives from the start. It was finally then she relaxed.

“If that is the case,” Amandina’s face was slightly red as she eyed both of them: “What should we do?”

“Be ready to handle things as they come.” Brendel merely said.

He had finally recalled all the clues mentioned from the forum’s guide to this related quest. As long as the mercenaries were not going to create trouble for him, anything they did was negotiable. Still, this was a headache that he did not need, the enemies that the Grey Wolves Mercenaries was about to face was going to embroil them into another new kind of trouble, but he could only blame Makarov for getting involved with such a tricky opponent.

[Rather than calling it a fight between two groups of mercenaries, it’s the organization behind ‘Paper Cards’ targeting the Grey Wolves Mercenaries.]

He monitored his surroundings, taking into view of the men around him. He was not really concerned about their fates, but he was trying hard to think how he could escape from this problem.

[What I don’t get is how a mere mercenary group got the attention of the damnned Tree Shepherds—]

The Unifying Guild’s members were like law-abiding citizens compared to them.

Brendel started to ponder the entire situation as a gamer.

[Even though there’s no need to stick my hand into this beehive, it’s best for me to consider the outcomes. While the guide gave a walkthrough to how they handled the events, the details are entirely lacking. The background information isn’t mentioned at all.]

He rubbed his forehead.

[We should leave before they fight. The boss in this quest is the God Acolyte ‘Ekman’. According to lore, the name is derived from ‘eaam’, and represents verdant mountains and limitless seas as a spellword. In ancient times, there had been a gigantic creature called ‘Ekman’ as well, both existing in Kirrlutz’s legendary fables and mountain folklore, and represented immortality—]

Brendel shook his head.

[The gigantic beast Ekman, is a descendant from the Titans, but the God Acolyte is nothing more a monster’s name. These so called ‘God Acolytes’ are nothing more than twisted abominations like the Golden Demonic Tree, and really nothing more than the product of being nurtured with the corrupted blood of a god.]

Brendel recalled the time where he fought with the God Acolyte of Skies ‘Amar’ and God Acolyte of Darkness ‘Black lotus’. The former was an incomplete form at level fifty. He had fought with it in a random encounter with his allies in the Freedom Port, Ampere Seale, and emerged victorious with much difficulty. The latter was a level sixty-seven elite boss within the primary heroic quest which two guilds participated in to vanquish it.

[The God Acolytes are terrifying because they are so much more powerful than what their level indicates. Even with an incomplete form at level fifty, they are able to match several Gold-ranked fighters at one go. I don’t even have the slightest intention to go against this opponent… Still, there’s the chance to get some advantages here. The Grey Wolves Mercenaries must have been decimated here but at the very least Makarov and Buga didn’t die.]

Brendel’s mind ran through the series of possibilities as to why they survived, before it wandered to the loot that the Tree Sheperds dropped.

[The God Acolyte of Skies drops the Spear of Blue Skies, ‘Phana’. That’s the highest tier of the Gold-ranked (Fantasy) weapons, allowing to ignore all physical defence. The God Acolyte of Darkness even drops a Dark Gold-ranked (Godly) weapon, the Death Scythe, ‘Lunar Velit’. Its ability was Coup De Grace, a one percent chance to deal damage equivalent to the target’s current life (non-boss) and ignores all defense. The secondary trait is Annhilation, and prevents the target from receiving any heals with a ten percent chance.]

Even though they were immensely powerful, they were a walking treasure vault, and one could only wonder where they were able to get so many rare items.

“The rarest thing these God Acolytes has is actually the blood running in them…… All of them has the corrupted blood of gods in them. Mother Marsha above, how did they get the hands on the blood of these gods who have disappeared?”

He muttered to himself.





After the Era of Darkness, these Gods had passed away and became constellations. The only God that was still in this world was Mother Marsha, and the world was no longer controlled by these powers. Anyone who tried to call themselves God would be a false one.

“What are you thinking about, my lord?” Amandina saw Brendel was lost in his thoughts.

Brendel shook his head and said: “The powers of the mountains.”

“Powers of the mountains?”

TL: So about these three titles… They are loan words from game of thrones and dragon age 2, but the meaning might differ for this novel.

Ser – Given to fighters and knights, gender neutral.

Messere – Elevated respect of Mister, but not necessarily Ser.

Serah – Elevated respect of Miss, but not necessarily Ser.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 73




TL: So I kind of peeked at chapter 73 and 74, and I decided to kind of TL ch 73 (first draft). Looks like the plot is thickening up quite hard with a possible 4 way fight.

[Read more…]

Chapter 73 – Deceptive currents

‘The Power of the Mountains’ was a pair of vambraces. (TL: You don’t say. )

A pair of vambraces was considered as a unique weapon that was usually used by monks. It was uncommon to see warriors and hired mercenaries wearing them, but Brendel was interested in getting them.

If Ekman was allowed to grow into his complete form, he would drop the sword ‘Lightning Sunder’ as well, but Brendel did not waste time trying to figure out a plan to stop a level sixty-seven elite boss, who would easily destroy them with just a flick of his finger to unleash the corresponding Element that he had.

The current Buga might have unlocked his Element, but there was a huge difference between humans and corrupted creatures with a god’s blood in them. Unless he was able to attain a perfect self and reach the Golden Blood, he would have a great disadvantage against mythical enemies.

[Putting aside that level 62 Dark Gold-ranked weapon, even a level 45 Gold-ranked weapon is enough drive gamers crazy. The damage output would be several times of what the Thorn of Light can do. Some players who got these weapons even deleted their characters to start over again, just for the sake of showing off their weapons.]





Brendel was willing to redo his plan to level up just to get the vambraces. There was a definite chance to get the item in contrast to the sword, Lionheart. Many kings had sought after it in the history of Aouine, only to fail. Furthermore, it was only a level seventy Gold-ranked weapon.

[I might have a few clues to get that weapon, but given my history within the game, the chance of finishing a quest like that might as well be finding a needle in a haystack. But if I’m able to get the vambraces, then I should consider planning my character’s path around it—]

He rubbed his forehead, as he suddenly realized that he was chasing after a delusion. Currently there was no sign of the Tree Shepherd, let alone the ‘Paper Cards’, and to finish it off, it was still a question if Makarov and Buga was able to kill the God Acolyte.

[Safety should be my first concern. Getting greedy after that should be the way to go.]

Brendel started to plot out scenarios to exact details. If he had the knowledge of what was to come, his plans made him an impossible foe to beat.

[Even though the Tree Shepherds are frightening opponents, but they are nothing more than that.]

Brendel had faced three of the twelve Tree Shepherds and defeated two of them. Even though he did not have his original strength, his foresight and experience were kept at his peak.

The God Acolytes were not without their weaknesses.

“Power of the mountains?” Amandina’s eyes were slightly perplexed as she asked in confusion: “What is that?”

“Uh….. I’m just thinking of a famous treasure in this area. There are rumors that it’s within the Silver Elves’ ruins, but it’s just that no one has seen it.” Brendel had to find a suitable excuse for his mistake. He could not say that Ekman, who was a God Acolyte, was going to bring it over to him.

He still had no intention of letting his image become a mentally troubled person in Amandina’s eyes.

Even so, his words still drew Amandina’s ire with her eyes complaining. She sighed: “My lord, now is not the time to consider this, right?”

“Most certainly.” Brendel could only offer a dry smile: “I was just a little distracted.”

But his words could only fool himself. Amandina was incredibly perceptive. She looked at him with doubt. In her mind, he was a careful and brilliant knight who would not be merely distracted by something unimportant. He seemed to be constantly thinking about something, and even though it looks like the things he did were not connected together, it was clear that he had planned them from the very beginning after the dust had settled.

Amandina was very suspicious of the fact that he was able to do something like that. A great plan might be great indeed, but the level of which Brendel exhibited was something akin to precognition, and that he was merely waiting for events to come to pass.

She had thought of several reasons as to why he had that air around him, whether it was because of having huge confidence or exceptional insight. The only possibility that she did not consider was knowing the future. Even the seers in the royal court could only predict the direction of great events, and that only gods would be capable of such feats.

She certainly did not imagine at all that Brendel was not from this world.

“Momentarily distracted?” Amandina frowned slightly and showed her small displeasure. “My lord, if there are things that you don’t wish to tell me, I won’t ask for it either—”

Brendel felt like he was suddenly a victim who had been blamed of great crimes. He had secrets that he could not say because it was really impossible to do so.





[Mother Marsha, how do you expect me to talk to them about these things. Even if I tell them, nobody would believe me, and just give me a label of a madman. This is a deal that will never be in my favor.]

He could only explain patiently: “Miss Amandina, I assure you that I have no intentions like that……”

But before he finished, Romaine came to the conversation after she roamed around without anyone know where she went, and promised in an excited manner: “I won’t ask for your secrets too Brendel! I promise!”

Brendel glared at her. If there was anyone who was capable of creating great chaos, she would definitely be at the top.

In the end he sighed and raised his hands: “Never mind. Let’s get down to business. The two of you must pitch your tents closer to my own tonight. Don’t take off your armor and don’t sleep like a log, understand?”

Amandina immediately checked her surroundings with a pair of watchful eyes. “Why?”

“I’ll explain it during then.” He turned around and saw Romaine nodding in an exaggerated manner, but her face clearly showed that she was not paying attention. Brendel’s eyes narrowed dangerously. He knew her character all too well.

“Dearest Romaine, I know you too well. You had better stay awake all throughout the night. Don’t think that I don’t know you will sleep like a little pig, where no one can wake you up other than Mother Marsha.”

“But my aunt says that a woman will grow old quickly if she doesn’t sleep.”

“I didn’t see you turning old when we didn’t sleep in Bucce for several days.”

“But the Madara undead will catch up with us if we sleep!”

“The situation right now is the same……” Brendel said exasperatedly.

================= Eke’s Pov =====================

Eke was able to differentiate the fennel and cinnamon spices that were transported from the Silver Sand seas. He had trained his abilities to discern poisons in his trainings, and differentiating spices was a part of his training.

Still, the spices in the air nearly caused him to sneeze. Right now, Eke wished his heart would stop beating, but it was still pounding loudly in his chest.

He shut his lips tightly so that he would not leak any sounds out. Even if he wanted to breath in deep gasps of air, he could only resist in doing so. His lungs were screaming for oxygen and his mind was assailed with dizziness, and perspiration poured down from his forehead. The white bags that were made from wool were blotched with dark areas.

“Who are you people? What are you doing here?”

Eke was not able to see that man, but he could guess who it was. It was the second squadron’s leader, Captain Capo, and the familiar comrades he had in the mercenary group.

[Don’t come over here— Turn around, everyone. Don’t let these fucking bastards get suspicious!]

He stared at the shadows that covered the opposite wall, afraid that he would miss even the slightest details.

He prayed in his heart to plead with Mother Marsha to let Capo and his men leave immediately. It was impossible to imagine that they would leave unless a miracle happened. Even though he knew Makarov left some of his men behind to keep watch over him, it was more alike to having them to take care over him. Capo cared the most for him, and he was the first teacher that taught him how to use a sword. Everyone, even his stepfather Makarov, knew that he was hiding in the town.





[They probably even know the fact that I slipped back into the inn. I know you care a great deal about me, and you always treat me like a child, but these damned bastards are not from the ‘Paper Cards’! Do you really think I’m afraid of them? Why don’t you understand this father?]

He clenched and unclenched his fists.

[I can’t let the enemy notice me. But Capo and the others aren’t their match… And these bastards are like devils who wouldn’t bat an eyelid even if the whole street is flooded with blood!]

Eke struggled with himself. He wanted to jump up and warn Capo, to yell at them and flee. In the youth’s heart, Capo was his friend and teacher, and he wanted to fulfill his moral obligations to him. His eyes felt wet.

[…… There’s a mission that’s more important than both of us. I can’t let these bastards get away with their plans.]

“Where is that young man you were chasing?” Capo said.

Eke’s heart skipped a beat.

“Hand over Eke, we saw you chasing him!” There was a another voice that was younger, and sounded even more impatient.

[Chris, you bloody moron!]





Eke’s hand subconsciously went to his sword. His whole body was trembling. Then he heard a familiar laughter so cold, that he thought needles were entering his spine.

“Ahahaha, all of you are indeed together with him—”

================= POV ends ===============



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 74




TL: Well this is the first draft, not vetted for mistakes. I was kind of distracted by stuff recently, but you should see 4 draft amber sword chapters (including this one) + 3 draft TSTBGAM chapters over the next few few hours.

Edit: Okay, hopefully I copied the right chapter this time. The reason why there’s a mistake is because the original site had a numbering error. It literally skipped “chapter 66” and I have manually corrected each chapter, which kind of confuses me until I finally made a mistake with this chapter.

There is no chapter 75 because of mislabeling mistakes in the raws.

[Read more…]

Chapter 74 – Night assault (1)

===================== Unknown POV ====================

“Here’s someone we know, Carles.”

A man wearing a black cavalier’s uniform watched the valleys from afar. The fire torches lit up the dark forest like stars in the sky. The Grey Wolves Mercenaries seemed to slumber as there were no sounds within the camps. The only noise within the forest were the rustling of leaves caused by the western wind that came from the sea.

[It sounds like a roaring tide.]





There seemed to be a creature bellowing deep within the mountain forests as the echoes spreaded out. Moments later, a giant monster emerged out from the trees with its immense claws dragging a female guard’s corpse.

She was also a scout that Brendel had seen in the afternoon, but she had turned into a lifeless corpse. The monster gurgled as the the orange flames shimmered; it was clearly displeased with the cavalier’s flippant attitude.

“It’s not your place to lecture me, small one.”

The monster’s voice was raspy and broken, like a clockwork mechanism that had not been maintained.

It straightened its body and threw the corpse down from a cliff. The dead mercenary fell into a number of dense shrubs, causing many branches to snap loudly as she fell some thirty or forty feet. Despite the noise, the distance to the camp was too far away for anyone to hear the commotion, especially when there was a strong wind.

The cavalier frowned as he looked at his partner—

Then he saw a group of ghastly translucent spiders with poisonous green eyes screeching noisily as they pounced from the nearby trees…..

================= Brendel POV ===============

There was a cracking sound.

Brendel stopped what he was doing and located the source of the sound. He found one of his cards on the floor. WHen he turned it over, he saw the Wind Spider Spirits had turned grey, an indication that it had entered into the Graveyard.

His first reaction was not to mourn for the loss of it but quickly kept it into his pocket and extinguished his lamp, causing his surroundings turned dark immediately.

[That’s too fast.]

Brendel felt like he was slightly caught off guard.

The Grey Wolves Mercenaries had selected an ideal vale to avoid the winds and constructed tents there. Brendel suggested their forces to be situated further from each other to avoid suspicion, Even though Makarov and Buga felt surprised, they happily agreed. Brendel did not trust them, and they did not trust him either, thus the two scheming parties found this arrangement to be agreeable.

What Makarov did not expect was why Brendel wanted this arrangement; it was just so that he could run away in the middle of the night with an excuse.

The youth crawled out of his tent and immediately felt the hair on his bare skin stand up. Chablis was mired in deep fog in its area, and had high temperature during the day time with the temperature falling quickly in the night. Unprepared travelers would certainly find themselves to be chilled if they did not prepare adequate bedding.





Brendel shook off any intention to sleep and observed his surroundings. Human figures came in the form of shadows, and despite Brendel’s lack of vision training in the night, his high stats in perception allowed him to perceive things in clarity during the night.

[It seems like Makarov is only suspicious of us, but they don’t intend to harm us.]

After confirming that there was no one nearby, he slowly stood up. He was already dressed and ready for full combat. He wore a set of studded leather armor, with pouches attached to his belt as well as a longsword. In his hand was a backpack with necessary water and food. He quietly went over to a nearby tent and patted on the tent’s cloth. After a few seconds, a curious voice came from within:

“Brendel?”

“Romaine, why are you in here!” Brendel felt confounded as he had checked repeatedly that it was supposed to be Amandina’s tent.

“It’s a surprise!” She giggled with a little pride.

“Cut your bloody surprises.” Brendel growled.

Someone emerged from the tent, and he saw Amandina tying her hair while she stood up. She had an apologetic face, but Brendel knew that Romaine would have ignored her protests. He gave an audible sigh and apologized to her.

“I’m sorry for the trouble……”

Amandina took a few moments for Brendel’s apology to register in her mind, then smiled faintly as she glanced at her tent.

“My lord, it seems that you are really fond of Romaine.” She whispered.

Brendel nodded. He allowed Romaine to do whatever she wanted, was not only because lesser half of him had spent his life with her as a friend, but also because the greater half of him acknowledged her as the first friend that he had when came to this world.

[Unfortunately, that naive and shy youth is no longer here. This body might be nineteen in this world but I’m certainly not of that age. what I want to attain here will demand an equivalent amount of responsibilities.]

He pulled back the corner of the tent’s opening, and found Romaine beaming at him.

“Are you both ready?” He asked.

They both nodded.

Brendel looked back at the other tents, and as if to respond to his action, a dozen men came out from their tents at the same time. There was no need for them to exchange words, and they began to pack their tents quietly. Even though they were fully equipped with armor and weapons, they did not make any sound from their actions.

Amandina had seen these men in the day, but her eyes quickly betrayed her surprise.

[These men are exceptionally well trained, where did he find them?]

The Mercenaries of Lopes were certainly renowned in history. This specific ‘Card’ summoned beings seemed to represent a certain collective nature, and these twelve mercenaries were the best representation of ‘Heroic’, ‘Loyalty’, ‘Honor’, ‘Morale’, and ‘Discipline’. They also did not fear death and pain, and were most likely to be the best soldiers that graced this world.

Brendel wanted more men like them.

The more Amandina watched them, the more impressed she was. She quickly felt her face, then looked at Brendel, wondering whether she was seeing things wrongly—-

It was not as if she had not seen mercenaries before. The nobles had more or less done dealings with them to protect their properties. Most of the mercenaries were related to the kingdom’s formal army, if they exclude the local bullies and criminals.





She thought she had seen the best of them when she traveled with the Grey WOlves Mercenaries, but Brendel’s men clearly distinguished themselves beyond reproach. They seemed to exude something that a normal mercenary would never have—

She showed a slight frown as she tried to find the words to describe them.

[… Pride and dignity. How many mercenaries would maintain what they do like it was some form of sacred duty, like a knight’s oath? These men doesn’t look like they could be paid with coins, but more like they are retainers from a noble’s family.]

The more she thought about it, the more she believed in her supposition.

A noble’s scion leaving his own family to create his own fiefdom. It sounded like it was came out from some legendary stories. When Brendel invited her to join him to create a land of his own, she was unable to resist her adventuring self, even if she had received the strictest education from young.

It was an immense enticement that compelled her to want to assist a young knight without using any help from his family to create his own territory.

[It seems like this lord of mine isn’t starting from scratch… But this is more a delightful find rather than a depressing one. It is better for him to be prepared, rather than someone who’s a hot-blooded knight who wants to imitate the legendary figures of old.]

Brendel did not know what Amandina was thinking about from his single ‘Cards of Fate’. If he knew, he would have tried ways to show off his mercenaries and recruit loyal retainers.

When the twelve men were done with their packing and had gathered before him for his next order, Brendel found he had encountered a small problem.

Two people, a man and a woman, from the Grey Wolves Mercenaries’ camps were heading over to his camp area.





He squinted and identified one of them—

[It’s that white-haired brat, Redi. Did they notice some form of commotion here— No, these two are clearly not heading for our tents. Judging by their direction, they are cutting across our camps to go out… Why are they going out there?]

He suddenly formed a new possibility.

[Spies?]



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 75




Patreon page for The Amber Sword

No regular chapters until at least Feb 1 2019, I spent them all on a bulk batch release on Sep 2018.

Paypal: [email protected]

The Amber Sword – Open 361.70 patreon + 161.50 sponsored = 523.20/50 (posted 8/10 chapters, translated 10/10 chapters).

ETA next TAS chapter: October 27 (8 sponsored chapters this month)

ETA next TSTBGAM chapter: October 27 (2 chapters this month)

Regular 4 chapters/month + sponsored chapters (Regular chapters currently closed due to spending time on looking for job + updating portfolio, sponsored chapters still open).

The Strategy to become good at Magic – Soonish Closed 0/45 (recent chapters are 3.5k words long.)

Planned Monthly Schedule after July 2018, excluding donations:

TAS: 4 chapters/month

Ads revenue goes into paying for bills.

All other series: 1-2 chapter/month

Reading:



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 76




TL: As explained in my correction in the previous chapter, there’s a numbering mistake in the original raws. However, for my sanity points, I think I’m going to follow the raws numbering chapter from this chapter onwards.

The previous chapter’s contents have been fixed.

[Read more…]

Chapter 76 – Night assault (2)

Redi and the person beside him walked closer and closer, the two lithe figures looking like they were floating specters in the thick fog.





Everyone at Brendel’s side had stopped their actions and looked over to their direction. Amandina lowered her head, estimated their direction and immediately paled. She raised her head and looked at Brendel, her eyes full of worry—

They had camped in an area where there was a clear landing, and the Mercenaries of Lopes had cleared all their tents. Even if they simply passed by the forest, they would surely discover this abnormal scene.

“Keep your hair on.” Brendel merely stared ahead and said. (TL: In here it’s a chinese idiom, so I replaced it with the english equivalent, sort of. It means “to stay calm.”)

Even though the people around him did not understand what the phrase meant, they regained their composure when they saw Brendel’s raised hand and unperturbed face. His action meant that they should not act rashly.

Amandina’s lips opened slightly.

The mercenaries were Brendel’s summoned creatures and completely obeyed the Planeswalkers’ commands. Even if there was a precipice in front of them and Brendel ordered them to advance, they would do so without hesitation.

However, in Amandina’s eyes, these proud veteran soldiers ceased their murmurs and actions just because of Brendel’s small action. Everyone became silent, and she subconsciously held her breath, not daring to exhale loudly.

The strength of the valley’s gale was at its peak, howling across the southern mountain’s entrance towards them. The branches beat upon each other and caused the leaves to drown out any other noises. Faint starlight danced across Redi’s face as the leaves swayed to and fro, making him feel like he was brooding.





The two people made their way across the thick foliage, but they did not act cautiously like how Brendel predicted they would be, to the point where they freely broke the dry branches beneath their feet.

Brendel changed his opinions and believed that Makarov did not tell his subordinates where Brendel’s camp was, and the two people had no idea they were near them.

[The ‘Maned Wolf’ probably wishes to avoid trouble as well.] Brendel thought.

They were less than a hundred feet away and Brendel was certain they would discover the abnormal sight here.

[If that stupid brat claims that they are suspicious of us, it will become impossible to explain our actions. Even though these two people are equally suspicious, Makarov will most likely believe in his men than any explanations of our own.]

He was actually tense like the others but he did not show any signs of it. When he looked to his side, the leader of the mercenaries, ‘Nightsong Tiger’ was also looking at him with queries in his eyes. He was shrewd as well as experienced, and his intentions were quite clear, “Do you want to take the initiative and ‘off’ them?”

[Off them? A decision not to be made lightly. This is a normal decision for any mercenaries, but this is different from the time in Pine Fortress. That time was simply because there was literally no choice as our lives are on stake. I have not fallen so far as to disregard lives… but…]

Brendel was conflicted. He had came from a civilized land in a more peaceful time, and murdering people out of a mere thought went against all his senses. In spite of that, his position at this juncture required him to act decisively, otherwise the consequences would be of dire proportions.

He closed his eyes and took a deep breath.

[Should I follow the rules of this world and sever the connections of my past? Or hold on to a single thread. Denying Sophie would mean denying my entire past… Maybe I’m actually dreaming in my sleep, a nightmare of sorts… No, even if everything is a delusion in this world, all the memories that I had in the previous world are clearly there, carved into my very eyes.

How can I deny them?

If I cut off my past, then what meaning is there for me to work so hard in this world. Losing my ‘self’, can I still call myself ‘Brendel’? The answer is clearly right in front of me.]

Chaotic thoughts filled his mind, but he cleaved them apart like a sharp sword through ropes. He opened his eyes as if he was the king of gamers, his eyes crystal clear as he found his answer.

“My lord?”





Amandina’s sharp senses had noticed Brendel’s hesitation. She was surprised that a decision would have been easily made as he had constantly presented himself as an unwavering noble who had never needed to even question himself to make ruthless choices.

These were certainly the rules of the nobles’ game—

Brendel looked back at Amandina with a look that was full of self-mockery, yet he was relaxed with a tinge of regret. She was surprised to the point where lost her words. Had she ever seen an expression like this amongst the cold-blooded nobles in Aouine?

[Is he faking it? But there’s no reason to do so…?]

Brendel raised his hand to gather the attention of the mercenaries. His mind was still somewhat conflicted when he did so, but when he lowered it, there was nothing but relief in him.

“Prepare to act. If it is possible, knocking them out will do. I do not wish to have a war with Makarov.”

Brendel’s voice was a nearly a whisper. He did not know whether his actions would cause him to look foolish to others, but if he did not give this order, then he would certainly look foolish to his own self.

The Mercenaries of Lopes nodded at the same time. The Nightsong Tiger felt a slight pity at Brendel’s answer. The situation should be handle once and for all without any hesitations.

Amandina’s reaction was different. She looked at Brendel with new eyes as she discovered there was something in him that she did not know at all. She could not tell if this unique quality of his was good or bad, but there was something about him that did not fit in this world. Yet she did not find that it was unnatural, and it conversly made her feel at peace after a very long time in the nobles’ circle.

The two people were seventy feet away.

“Brendel.” Romaine suddenly called out with a little anxiety in her voice.

He puzzledly looked at her but still whispered: “Now is not the time.”

She thought for a while and nodded. The mercenaries scattered and fell into position to await the two people to approach closer. Once they were within reach, they would move together. They outnumbered the two people and their experience vastly exceeded them, so they were confident they could subdue them with ease.

Brendel felt restless. There was most likely a strong enemy, or enemies that sent his card to the graveyard, and he could not afford to waste time here.

The two people were about to made their way out of the foilage, but they slowly stopped before they exited it.

“Did they discover something?”

Brendel’s eyelids flinched, and almost commanded the mercenaries to suppress them immediately, only to forcefully stop himself. The distance for the mercenaries to attack was still too far away. It was more likely to alert them than to catch them unaware. He slowly steadied his nerves as he was certain that they had not discovered anything.

He looked around to observe the mercenaries, and they were still as composed as before. Romaine gazed the area curiously, while Amandina’s face grew paler as time passed by.





Redi had stopped completely and he faced his companion to speak with her. Despite nearly a hundred feet away, Brendel still managed to catch a few words with his high perception.

Redi did not speak loudly, but looked at Brendel’s camp from time to time, as if he had noticed something.

The conversation between soon became heated, and even ended up as a quarrel. Even though everyone with the exception of Brendel could not hear what they were talking about, they understood that neither of them managed to convince each other. Brendel felt a little annoyed and even wondered if they simply came here to quarrel.

Their voices were raised even higher, and Brendel managed to catch a few key words, ‘Eke……’, ‘Chablis……’, ‘Necklace……’.

Brendel raised his eyebrow.

[It sems like Redi knows that Eke is still in Chablis, and if he knows, then Makarov should also know that fact. This mercenary group seems to have a number of troubles. But I still don’t understand why this discussion has anything to do with the ‘events’ that are to follow.]

He looked up at the sky to find the Blood Star. The moment when the Blood Star appeared was the moment when it was nearly midnight.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 77




TL: Again, there’s no chapter 75, there’s one raws chapter that’s mislabeled and never corrected.

[Read more…]

Chapter 77 – Night assault (3)

Brendel’s thought went to the quest’s walkthrough—

“…… During a certain midnight on the ‘Vanquish the lizardmen bandits’, the enemies took action for the first time.”

[This either points to the Tree Shepherds or the ‘Paper Cards’ as the vanguard, or perhaps they both acted together—]





“…… The sudden ambush assailed us to the point where everyone was thrown off their game. The attack had started from the northern hill, but everyone who escaped to the south was probably killed at least once. This was because that monsters’ (The Tree Shepherds) main forces were at the south. Fine, I’ll admit that TorrentialRain’s AI isn’t something to laugh at…..”

“…… Our strategy was to save the Grey Wolves Mercenaries from annhilation. The most important thing to note is how strong Makarov and Buga are. They are the rough equivalent of a player’s level 45 and 55 respectively. Ensuring that they live is the most important aspect of completing the quest.”

“…… But we did discuss our options and think that there’s another way we could about this. This was something that we had discovered in the east. Perhaps TorrentialRain considered the strength of the gamers and designed a Temple of Light in that region.”

“…… Our team discussed over solutions, but regardless of what it is, we believe that to achieve one hundred percent completion in the quest, you must rescue from the Grey Wolves Mercenaries’ complete demise—”

Brendel rubbed his forehead.

[As I had gone through so many times, this really isn’t a walkthrough but more of a lesson they learned from. This was a unique quest that was only open to the first team who discovered it, and they ultimately did not manage to complete the quest in its entirety, which was why the Grey Wolves Mercenaries were routed. The group’s adventure is actually quite exciting if one looks at it like a movie.]

Brendel loved quests that immersed him in the game’s world.

[But damn it, if you bothered to write a report about it, why didn’t you write down the timing, location and the characters properly? ‘During a certain midnight’ — exactly which day was it?! Honestly, pursuing a hundred percent completion rate in this world is silly. The rewards might be double in the game, but where would I get something like this here?]

The only option that was open to him was to rely on his own experience, and leave everything else to the gods. Brendel’s plan was straightforward. He was to leave the Grey Wolves Mercenaries before the Tree Shepherds attacked them and travel to the Temple of Light to activate the quest’s side branch.





Then he would finish off by killing the lizardmen bandits and get the Sage Slate and leave. The Grey Wolves Mercenaries’ fate was not of a big concern to him. Vaunte’s constant wars had seen many of these groups rise and fall regardless of their size. There was also the fact that he did not believe he had sufficient strength to help Makarov and Buga resolve their crisis, or recruit them as retainers and give them commands when the battle commenced.

What he wanted to do was to put effort into people like Amandina and Tamar, where they had great potential in the future. Since he had the knowledge of the future, then this investment was low risk with high rewards.

His plans looked perfect, but reality had suddenly turned against him quickly. The enemies had probably discovered his Wind Spirit Spiders, then the two people in front of him might discover their actions any time.

[Will that Redi brat finish quarreling already?!] Brendel was becoming increasingly annoyed.

Romaine finally could not bear it any longer too.

“Brendel.”

She raised her pretty brows as she poked his back, and used a voice that she thought was very small, which of course was purely her wishful thoughts.

Everyone near her jumped.

Romaine’s voice was actually not very loud and at most a little urgent, it stood out because the forest she was a female.

“Br— Mmfff.”

Brendel covered her mouth quickly and looked back at the two people. Redi had stopped talking and was looking alert.

Brendel imagined himself strangling Romaine while shaking her to and fro, but he certainly would not do that because he could not bear to do so.

Fortunately, Redi’s alert behavior only lasted temporarily, before he turned back to continue to talk with his companion. Brendel sighed with relief, before he recalled Romaine’s action, and glared at Romaine.

Romaine was still trying to shake his hand away with muffled noises, apparently quite unhappy with Brendel’s action. Brendel nearly got angry with her, but he suddenly felt something was wrong.

[Even though her head is sometimes lost in the clouds and acts like she doesn’t care, she’s much more cunning than she lets it show, otherwise she would have been taken advantage of many times already.]

Before he could ask her exactly what it was, the Nightsong Tiger came over and tapped his shoulder. It was an unusual sight since the mercenaries rarely acted on their own. He looked at him and saw that the Nightsong Tiger had a wary look on his face.

Brendel released his hand and Romaine stopped struggling.

It was not only them, Redi had stopped talking once again and was looking over at them.

The forest had suddenly turned quiet. It was not only the humans in the forest who had stopped moving, even the wind had stopped.

“Did you hear something?” Brendel whispered and asked. He knew that Romaine’s perception was even higher than his own. She glared at him with narrowed eyes before nodding.

Brendel’s nose suddenly caught something in the air. It was an odd smell that pierced through it; an acrid smell that seemed to occur when a sea volcano erupted.

[Sulfur?]

Brendel pulled out his sword immediately without thinking.

[The Disciples of the Fucking Black Flames! That gamer who wrote the walkthrough didn’t mention this shit at all. If they are involved in this bloody mess, I wouldn’t even bother messing with this crap!]

Brendel finally knew what enemies he was facing. The Disciples of Black Flames were the direct forces of the ‘Wurm Leader’ Mayad. There was really nothing about wurms at all, but they worked with the forces in ‘The Sulfur River’—

In other words, they worked with demons from the underworld.

Brendel clenched his sword tightly. He scolded himself for not linking the southern region to the Disciples of Black Flames as their territory was located there. His focus had been on the Sage Slate and the Grey Wolves Mercenaries, and had forgotten this common knowledge for the past few days.





Brendel avoided them with a passion, not because of their prowess, but because of their crazed actions in battle that even surpassed a berserker. Each disciple had different demons that they chained up. Even though they fought together, the duo schemed against each other. While this should have affected their abilities to fight, but the demons had bizarre abilities that were hard to defend against.

At higher levels, the disciples were even able to absorb the demon’s power and become one with the demon. Recalling the gory scenes made Brendel feel nauseous.

[One or two demons are still fine, if there are more than my mental health is going to take a beating.]

Brendel wanted to flee immediately but there was an odd wind within the forest that seemed to buzz in and out. He shrank back as he was too familiar with the sounds. Black chains with two spiked balls flew out from within the dark forest.

“A Lord of Thorns.” Brendel saw the spiked balls smashed through the trees and landed near the two young men. Even though they did not receive damage from the attack, they were completely shocked.

Brendel felt a shiver within his body. A Lord of Thorns was a level 29 demon, and was one rank higher than the underworld helldog, Cerberus. Brendel had encountered them in the past with his level higher than the Lord of Thorns, but they had given him much pain and agony when he fought against them.





But there was no time to reminisce about it, Redi and the other youth started to run from it—

“Morons!” Brendel nearly jumped up from the frustration. The Lord of Thorns did not miss easily; this was apparently to sound out the enemies. But because of that, he was almost certain that the enemies consisted of a small scouting party.

The problem was because Redi’s retreat was most likely going to attract the main forces of the enemies. Brendel was not keen on helping him, but his men were also on the crossfire. He quickly growled a command to Nightsong Tiger:

“Catch that two bastards right now! Drag them back here if you must!”



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 78




TL: I have no ETA for the next chapter, so expect to wait for days before the next chapter (kind of need to do stuff).

[Read more…]

Chapter 78 – Outside one’s control

The two people started to sprint to their own camps, shouting at the top of their lungs. The Nightsong Tiger immediately pursued them. His body seemed to meld together with the trees’ shadows; he was not fast, but his movements were silent and practiced to the point of awe, as if he was a creature of the night.

The chains dragged across the floor and created a ringing sound.





[The disciples have discovered the commotion over in this area, my plans must change.]

He frowned as the girls behind him withdrew their crossbows. The other mercenaries took out their weapons in silence and stared anxiously into the forest, readying themselves for combat.

“My lord?” Amandina asked.

Brendel shook his head. The plans he had decided earlier had developments that were outside his prediction, and he needed to solve the situation quickly. He reached inside his pouches and took out a gleaming crystal.

The crystal lid up in an instant, casting soft light in the area.

“M-my lord?” Amandina opened her eyes in shock.

“Brendel!” Romaine was also stunned.

Everyone’s attention was taken by the sudden appearance of light, which grew increasingly bigger before it expanded in all directions, but Brendel threw it out as soon as it did so.

The lit crystal flew in an arc that passed through trees before it ended in thick foilage. Despite the layers of leaves, the amount of light emitted from the crystal still managed to light up the surrounding area.

Three human figures who wore black hooded robes stood there. Even though their faces could not be seen, they appeared to be startled as they stood motionlessly for a few moments. However what took Amandina’s breath away were three demons half the size of an average human standing beside each man. The creatures had hoofs for their feet, grey-greenish skin with black spiraling patterns, long goat horns and sharp teeth.

Chains were wrapped around their feet and ended with the disciples’ wrists. These were indeed the lowest ranking familiar from the Jurgen Underworld.

“The higher ranking familiars are on the opposite area!” The mercenaries immediately yelled out. These legendary mercenaries had fought against great malevolent forces, and certainly knew what these creatures were.

But Brendel already knew where they were.

Once he saw the three figures, he had turned to the other direction and raised his hand. The silver ring on his thumb shone brightly as he recited the word to activate it.

“Oss!”

The air currents seemed to be like visible lines that surged forth towards the area, before an immense blast resounded throughout the forest. The nearby pine trees were dragged along the shockwave, cause them to break and splinter, while the trees that were directly in the shockwave’s path were turned into powder.

Once the maelstrom of wind ended, the trees were gone and became a clear path in front of Brendel.

The mercenaries showed signs of awe in their eyes, but Amandina screamed and covered her ears.

[He’s a wizard! A wizard! This knight is actually a wizard!] Her mind kept echoing this thought.





Romaine had seen Brendel’s action more than once and merely tilted her head, and just as she expected, Brendel had disappeared from his original location as his body blurred—

Only the mercenaries saw his action clearly. Brendel had charged forward ten times his speed, casting afterimages in the opening area before he disappeared.

“The Sun Knight’s ‘Charge’ ability!” One of the mercenaries immediately commented.

Even though both their leaders were gone, someone from the mercenaries stood out and pointed his sword at the location where the crystal fell: “I, vice-captain Rocco, am taking temporary command. My first order is to launch an attack on these disciples!”

“””I hear and obey.”””

Eleven figures immediately pounced on the three surprised disciples.

On the other end, Brendel had caught up with the Lord of Thorns. The red demon was standing beside his owner, a man who wore crimson robes.

The Lord of Thorns appeared like a red version of the smaller demon familiars, but it had a gigantic pair of muscular wings, which resembled the descriptions of a demon within medieval folklore. On it were chains with a steel spiked ball at the end.

It had considerable injuries on its body. Not only was it missing an arm, one of its wings were gone. Brendel did not feel surprised as his ring were incredibly effective against monsters that were level thirty and below. It was considered the best artifact of its tier, with the only criticism that it had a long cooldown.

Typical demons also did not have any defensive armor, with the exception of bladed monsters.

Brendel observed the man in front of him with narrowed eyes while he was still in the air.

[A high ranking member of the Disciples of Black Flames.]

He turned once in the air with his sword pointed at them and ready to strike. This battle was different from Buga’s duel, and he did not hold back his strength. A high ranking disciple was only level 21, but there was a real demon beside him.

“White Raven, Sword Rave!”

Brendel’s sword slashed vertically with the addition of Power Strike, and a wind blade was released from his sword. The disciple was still checking the injuries of its familiar, and completely did not expect the enemy to come so quickly. He raised his head, only to find the invisible shockwave ravaging through his whole body.

Brendel would have likened the disciple as a boss a month ago, but now the disciple was unable to resist Brendel’s full power.

The man screamed as blood splattered all over the place.

When Brendel killed a disciple in the game, the demon would regain its freedom once the summoner was dead, but the contract’s dark energy between them would cause it to go insane, and Brendel wanted this situation to happen.

When he landed on the ground, the chains had already swept past his back.





“Gah……” Brendel felt fiery pain on his back.

[The demon is moving twenty percent faster from a ‘Berserked’status, it seems like the disciple is dead. Damn that hurts… The skin on my back is definitely torn off.]

Brendel grabbed the spiked chains and ignored the sharp apin in his hand, allowed himself to be dragged by the demon’s pull and went straight to the opponent.

Even though the Lord of Thorns was considered to be a high ranking familiar, it was a low level demonic existence in the Jurgen Underworld without a complete soul. Furthermore, it was driven insane by the dark energy and did not possess the intelligence to handle the unexpected attack.

Brendel borrowed its strength and pointed his sword at the demon, directly sending it into the enemy’s eye. His action was as trained as ever in the game.

The Thorn of Lord bellowed in agony as it felt the sword went through its eye, and the guttural noise echoed throughout the forest. The youth creased his brows, landed easily on the demon’s shoulders and swung his sword across the gigantic creature’s neck.

Blue colored blood spurted out like a sharp arrow, cutting the bellows to a stop and turned it into gasping noises. It struggled for a while before it finally fell over to the ground with a heavy thud.

Brendel finally relaxed. The disciples were known to be dirt poor, so he ignored the bodies to look at the situation with the remaining three disciples, but the mercenaries had already dispatched them like he expected.

This did not mean that the matter had came to a close. There were movements within the forest that he noticed, regardless of whether it came from the Grey Wolves Mercenaries’ camps, or the opposite direction.

“Damn it.” He ordered his summoned men in his heart: “Prepare to retreat, and bring along that two bastards.”

He turned his head to look at the red demon. It was still holding on to life and did not die yet. The demons were known for their resilience, and were ranked amongst the top three hated monsters in the game, along with the undead and plant-type monsters.

Suddenly Brendel realized that the creatures he had encountered were undead creatures, the Golden Demonic Tree and its creatures, and now demons. Before he had the chance to mock himself for his bad luck, green words filled his vision.

“The creature’s contract has ended.”

“The creature is a weakened state—”

“Conditions have been met.”

“Would you like to establish a contract?”

“Yes/No.”

Brendel looked at the sentences for a moment before he shivered in fright and shook his head quickly.

[Never!]

Brendel refused the contract and quickly escaped the area along with his mercenaries.

After a short time, the Nightsong Tiger threw Redi and his companion onto the ground. The white-haired youth raised his head in defiance and glared at the people around him. But when he saw it was Brendel and his mercenaries, his irides shrank a little and tried to stand up.

However, the Nightsong Tiger suppressed him by pressing down on his shoulder and neck, causing him to kneel down. His silver eyes glared at Brendel like an untameable wolf.

He roared: “You fuckers, I knew that you’re colluding with the enem— Khhk, cough!”

Brendel did not waste time talking to him, and simply punched him in the face. He used enough strength to force Redi to cough out blood and saliva.

Amandina took a silent breath, while Romaine thought Brendel’s anger was somewhat similar to Freya at the Golden Tree Valley. The latter was also concerned with Brendel’s hand. He was bleeding from the injury when he fought the demon but he refused her aid.

The weapon from the Lord of Thorns was poisoned, but Brendel had no trouble resisting it with his high phsyique and he did not want her to have any accidents.





Redi turned his head back at Brendel as if to challenge him to strike again. He glared at him with hatred as he licked the blood from his lips. Brendel took a quick glance into the distance. The battle earlier had caused both parties to be alert, and there was chaos from the nearby forest. If he did not act swiftly, he would have been stuck between them.

Brendel’s eyes went back to Redi. Even now, they were not out of danger. It was why he felt incredibly annoyed.

“Unless you’re a fool, you should already know that we are not your enemies. If you don’t want to die, please stop struggling.” Brendel’s voice was cold.

Redi gritted his teeth. He came to the conclusion that Brendel and his men were not on the same side with the Demon he just saw. But he was furious over the fact that Brendel punched him, and thought he was taking personal revenge on him and to teach him a lesson.

Even so, he subconsciously thought that Brendel was trying to scare him.

[The ‘Grey Wolves Mercenaries’ is not a simple mercenary group and I’m not worried if we’re going to fight the ‘Paper Cards’. But this bastard actually dared to hold me here.]

Redi cursed in his heart and thought Brendel was nothing more than a naive idiot who knew nothing. He looked at Brendel with scorn, only to find him looking elsewhere.

Brendel was looking at a girl who approached them. Her eyes were closed and the long black hair seemed to accentuate her pale face in the moonlight. Brendel found it surprising that the girl did not appear to be in any panic despite the chaos in the forest.

[Who is this?] Brendel wondered how he should act, but the Nightsong Tiger came beside him and asked.

“My lord, it’s the Disciples of the Black Flames again. What should we do next?”

“Disciples of the Black Flames?” Redi’s heart jumped slightly.

Brendel looked to the northern hills before he answered: “We head to the east.”

The white-haired youth snickered. He came from a noble’s family that was involved in the military and had a certain level of insight. The ‘Paper Cards’ had already established a foothold in the northern area, while the southern valley allowed forces to regroup much more safely.

[An amateur pretending to know what he was doing. This is so laughable that I feel sorry for these veterans working under him.]

Redi started to think that Brendel was a useless leader, but he was deeply impressed when the Nightsong Tiger captured him without giving him time to react. Even though he secretly mocked Brendel, he was genuinely concerned with the phrase ‘Disciples of the Black Flames. He secretly spied on the mercenary beside him and thought he had no reason to lie.

He thought it was impossible to gather any information from the mercenary himself, so he decided to try and fish information from the idiot instead.

But the Nightsong Tiger was quite interested with Brendel’s opinion, contrary to Redi’s views.

“My lord, have you fought against the Disciples of the Black Flames before?”

“You can think of it that way.” Brendel answered without much thought. “I fought against their high ranking priests.”

[In the game.] Brendel added that detail in his mind.

“Oh?” The Nightsong Tiger’s eyes brightened up: “The high ranking priests?”

“Ha…… Cough…… Haha, why don’t you say you met with the Tree Sheperd leaders,” Redi laughed in derision: “The priests in the Disciples of the Black Flames are all silver-ranked and above. Even the army in Aouine’s capital would not claim they could score a victory against them. May I know Messere Brendel, which army were you in when you encountered them?”

He laughed again and looked at him in condescension: “You might want to get a better script if you wish to brag. Also, if you’re heading to the east, release me. I don’t want to die along with you.”

Brendel was highly amused and annoyed at the same time.

[Not only did I see more than one of them, I even killed one. At the peak of my level, I became a Crusader Knight where only one or two people within their organization that could fight against me.]

But Brendel did not want to waste time explaining with him. He merely showed a beaming smile with exposed teeth, although his dark expression made him appear intimidating.

“It seems like you don’t understand the situation you are in.”

Redi’s voice got stuck in his throat. He finally recalled that he was in no position to even speak, so he simply ignored the annoying youth in front of him and scoffed loudly.

Brendel did not mind that he acted as a mute, and he gave the order to his mercenaries to bring the girl to him.

“Who are you?” He asked when she was near him.

Redi took a quick glance at her before he turned away.

“My name is Yula, Ser knight.”

“You know that I’m not a merchant?” Brendel was surprised.

“I know even more than that. Our mercenary group is in grave danger, and I know that Ser knight is capable of helping us, right?” The girl nodded to admit that and continued to ask.

“Hey, Yula?” This time Redi looked completely stunned: “…… But these people are—”

“May I know who exactly are the enemies?” Yula asked a strange question.

Brendel looked at her curiously, but he decided to focus on the first question she asked.

“How do you know I can help you?”



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 79




TL: Some stuff about doing the recent TAS chapters, more information inside.

[Read more…]

Skip the long text to get to the chapter.

TL: So I actually planned not to TL the chapters but since a lot of people probably want to see what happens next, I guess I’ll TL a little bit more (since 2 days ago) and finally finish the backlog that I hope to clear. I actually planned to fill the backlog of 20 chapters, but like I said before, the time to translate TAS has actually increased by an hour+, and that’s the first draft without any edits.

Some of the issues include small illogical writing + political stuff for the recent chapters.

Yula is blind, but her interaction in the raws includes “Redi and Yula looked at each other”, really, author?

Brendel nods to Yula’s question without saying anything, dude… She can’t see your nods…

Increase of name terminology + economy and political stuff. This particular section takes the longest because I have to think of ways to simplify the text and make it understandable.

Various other minor issues.

There are some minor edits to how Brendel/Redi responds to Yula that I made. I feel that it’s necessary to remind the readers that while I don’t generally change the plot, there are some areas that I have to change in order to have the story make logical sense.

A lot of time is spent on names because as we well know how many people hated the name ‘Sophie’ (35% wanted me to change the name back to Su Fei vs 48% who said there’s no need to do so) for the protagonist. If I had my way, I’ll just change the name entirely from the start because I do recognize that it’s awkward. However, since there’s some evidence that the author took the name from the novel Sophie’s world, I personally thought it wasn’t that bad because the meaning of Sophie is ‘wisdom’ or ‘wise’, which I feel was appropriate in a certain sense.

I’ll post at least 3 more chapters today. Just remember the recent chapters have not been proofread for errors.

Chapter 79 – The story of fishes swimming in chaos (1)

Brendel observed Yula who sat down on the ground filled with pine needles. He quickly realized that the girl’s hair was a lovely pure black that was unlike Amandina’s, which was tinged with a purple sheen.





Surprise streaked across his eyes.

[Amandina’s bloodline probably came from the Miirna’s bloodline, which causes her to have that black-purplish color in her hair and eyes. Over countless eras, that bloodline had eroded and they no longer had special traits related to that race. The only thing left was their appearances. But this Yula girl is probably not from that bloodline.]

“I am unable to say why that is so as well, Ser knight. You could think it as a premonition instead. The ‘Paper Cards’ mercenaries should have nothing to do with the disciples, but they appeared together tonight. Perhaps it is a coincidence, but I would believe in the possibility that this a planned scheme.

If I may, Ser Brendel, I believe that the common man would have seeked for their allies’ help. Even though we do not deserve your full trust, but it would surely be better to have our aid. But you and your men chose to to leave here without any hesitation to preserve only for yourselves—”

Yula closed her eyes and listened to the battle that the Grey Wolves Mercenaries were having with the Disciples of the Black Flames. Her tone did not change as she stated her opinion: “But if I was to change my way of seeing things, this would mean that Ser Brendel has already analyzed the current state of events— That you have known that the ‘Paper Cards’ was following us from the very beginning.

The oddity in your plan was the choice to escape to the east. I would think that a decisive decision like this would mean that you are not a rash person. If the enemies lies ahead of you and yet still you choose to charge forward, then that would be bravery. However, I believe that Ser Brendel thinks otherwise and has a different opinion as to what exactly lies ahead. Perhaps, it’s not guarded by the enemies?”

Brendel did not change his expressions, although Redi had been showing rich expressions of mockery whenever Yula called Brendel a knight.

“As for the reason why Brendel is a knight.” She gave a small humble smile: “That is simply because I heard the lady over there calling you ‘my lord’. Although I was not given sight, Mother Marsha has given me sharp hearing, which really isn’t something that I should brag.”

Amandina reacted by gasping and watching Yula in vigilance.

The blind girl raised her head up to Brendel, her eyes opening slightly. Even though she could not see him, she pleaded with him earnestly. “Ser Brendel, I humbly beg you to help the Grey Wolves Mercenaries.”

Brendel took in a deep breath.

[If Amandina is someone who can aid me as an advisor, then this girl in front of me is a kingmaker. Her senses are sharp enough to send me jitters.]

He studied Yula’s black eyes which had a tinge of brown in them. When he went over her pale yellow skin and delicate eyebrows, he suddenly recalled there was a certain region that he was familiar with.





“I also have a question. Is your surname Phenix?” He asked.

Her eyes have already closed again, otherwise she would have shown great surprise. She felt the area around her chest subconsciously before she relaxed, as Brendel took in all her actions.

He frowned slightly, as if he had thought of more things.

“Yes, my surname is indeed Phenix, and my original name is Phenix Yul. It appears that Ser Brendel is very knowledgeable, and my appearance would certainly reveal itself to them. However, I do not wish to bring this up again. Please call me Yula and let me off with that.”

Brendel agreed to do so. He had guessed of a certain NPC which had the same skin tone and hair color, and she was certainly from the far eastern desert, the Nine Phenix kingdom.

The Nine Phenix kingdom was ruled by nine different clans, and the kingdom possessed an advanced swordsmanship called ‘Sword of the Flaming Lotus’. Many gamers had tried their luck by going to that country, but no one had ever obtained it.

Many of the country’s citizens traveled to Aouine and Kirrlutz, just like the elves who had traveled from the north. It was not rare for different explorers to leave their homeland and travel around.

In regards to Yula’s request, he shook his head. “I am sincerely sorry to say that we can’t help you. I can tell you that the Black Disciples will not be strong enough to cause your commander any real problems, but if I am Makarov I will leave this forest immediately.”

“You……” Redi was so angry he seemed to lose his words for a moment: “Our agreement, you can’t throw it away. The Mercenaries’ Oath…..”

The Nightsong Tiger punched him in the abdomen, causing the white-haired youth to bend over in pain. The Nightsong Tiger shook his head with a look of disdain.

“Stop lying to yourself, your commander doesn’t care about the agreement, even if they are fighting against the Black Disciples.”

“Do you understand our position?”

She nodded.

“Then what would Ser Brendel want? Money? Power?”

Brendel perked up his ears before he immediately shook his head again: “I am interested in all those things, but compared to money and power, I would rather not get embroiled into this troublesome situation. I will give you another hint. The mastermind behind the Black Disciples are the Tree Shepherds. Surely both of you have heard of that name before?”





Their countenances changed at the same time.

“How did we get targeted by them?” Redi asked with skepticism.

But Yula lowered her head in anxiety.

Amandina poked him from behind and whispered: “My lord, are you not letting them plead for help if you keep scaring them? Isn’t the conclusion of this ending going to end with something you don’t wish to see?”

Brendel raised his hands in defense: “I don’t wish to lie to them.”

But under Amandina’s suspicious gaze, he could only offer a more detailed explanation: “Helping them is not impossible, but I won’t let us get dragged into this situation.”

“Then what is to be done?” Romaine asked with blinking eyes.

“They have to rely on themselves.”

“That’s the solution?” Romaine did not believe Brendel.

“Of course it will work.”

“Ser Brendel, what are we supposed to do?” Yula overheard them and understood that Brendel was reminding them on purpose. She hesitated for a while, as if she was considering whether she could trust them.

[‘The Tree Shepherds’ is like a bomb. The Unifying Guild can drive a kingdom into chaos, but the Tree Shepherds have enough clout to create a Holy War. Many of the people in this era probably had harrowing experiences because of them. Since Yula is from another country, she would probably know less than Redi.]

When Brendel looked back at Redi, he discovered that the white-haired youth looked deeply perplexed.





“I have already given you the answer,” Brendel said: “Tell your commander to retreat and leave this area. Judging from the circumstances the Tree Shepherds have targeted you, but they have a certain habit. Once they realized that their plans have been found out, they will most likely back off to plan again. With this, you have gained precious time and I think your commander will take measures to defend the Grey Wolves Mercenaries.”

Brendel might have appeared to analyze things thoroughly, but he was actually following what was on the walkthrough. The things that he did not know were the exact details and why the Tree Shepherds targeted the mercenaries.

However, that did not mean that he was unable to handle them. He had fought against them as long as he had fought against Madara, and there were still cards that he could use to fight back.

Redi looked at Yula once.

“How do we know that what you said is true?”Redi grimaced.

“I am not forcing you to believe me.”

“You…… irresponsible bastard.” He barked.

“We have no need to be responsible to you. Do you understand the situation? It is your mercenary group which is under attack, and my lord is helping you out of his kindness. It is your choice to choose not to accept the advice, if you are so proud.” Amandina’s feathers have long been ruffled by Redi, and openly criticized him.

But once she was done with her outburst, she suddenly stopped and looked apologetically at Yula who was still kneeling down: “I’m sorry, I mean……”

“There is no need to concerned with my feelings.” Yula shook her head. She had been pondering in silence for quite some time, and she merely asked: “I believe that Ser Brendel is going to leave this place, right?”

“Yes.” Brendel nodded.

“You can’t stay for one more night?”

“No, we can’t.”

[The Unifying Guild is one troublesome affair to deal with, having another Tree Shepherds would mean that the future is fraught with dire consequences. Since Makarov and Buga have a strong chance to come out of this without harm, there’s no need for me to meddle with things too much. Well, as long as they follow my advice, that is.]

Even if he chose to leave, it was not as if he had let the Grey Wolves Mercenaries down. The agreement between them was as weak as it sounded, and the only real trouble was if he wanted to work with them in the future.

“Ser Brendel, are you willing to let us go?” She asked again.

“We did not intend to do so, and the truth is we actually saved you. I believe you know this already, Miss Yula.” Brendel replied.

“But are you not afraid we will leak your location to the enemies?”

Brendel laughed and said confidently: “There is no way that your group or the enemies can catch up to us.”

Brendel trusted in his experience, but Redi merely eyed him in silence.

It was clear from his expression that he thought Brendel was bragging. Even though there were many things that shocked him, he thought that Brendel had given himself away as an amateur by heading east, and he planned to persuade Yula not to be deceived by Brendel.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 80




TL: One more chapter coming in about two to three hours later. This chapter is kind of complicated and I’m not sure if it’s easy enough to understand. Just ask which part you don’t understand and I’ll see what can be done.

[Read more…]

Chapter 80 – The story of fishes swimming in chaos (2)

Amandina watched Redi’s back as he limped away, while Yula was beside helping him walk.

“Are you letting them just leave, my lord?” She asked.

“What do you expect me to do here? Instead of letting them pile onto our problems, it’s better to dismiss them.” Brendel answered simply.

“But I still feel like you’re scheming something.” She glanced at him with slight suspicion.

Brendel rubbed his nose with a dry smile: “Is my character that awful in your eyes? I thought that I did things openly in the past.”





“Yes, it would appear so. But I have never thought that my lord has ever done things that appear to be as simple as they look. I recall that you arranged miss Freya to enter the Royal Cavalry Academy, which could be seen like a friend’s encouragement, but I would think that it is because you noticed the fights between the Royal Faction and the Regional Nobles.

If I recall correctly, the Royal Cavalry Academy is within princess Gryphine’s private lands, and she’s the most outstanding individual out of the current royal family members. Not only that, the younger and weaker brother of hers is strictly cared for by her, almost like a guardian and not as an older sister.

Based on the king’s health, it is likely that the princess will become a Princess-Regent in the future. Once that happens, my lord’s action will also become a long-term investment.”

Romaine nodded quickly when she heard the words ‘investment’.

“These other invisible investments that you made from the time that I met you might not look like they are of any use in the beginning, but once my lord has your lands and reap the benefits that you have sown earlier, then you will become a direct supporter of princess Gryphine.

If it is someone else, I would think nothing much of these actions that have been done, but the people close to my lord will surely understand that your ambition is nothing as straightforward as it seems.”

Amandina looked up to Brendel: “Am I wrong, my lord?”

The young girl took a long breath after she finished her speech. She had spent a lot of time speculating in the past few days because Brendel’s actions were becoming stranger and stranger, to the point where she did not understand them at all, and she did not wished to fall behind too much.

Especially if she was the chief advisor.

Brendel blinked a few times before he answered: “You’re close enough.”

[Although you missed a few points.]

He thought to himself.

[Rather than call it an investment, I would rather call it a relationship. There’s no need for me to gain ‘honor’ here, what I need is something I can grow and use in the future. A gamer is different from a lord, especially when I have ‘that’ land in mind.]

He could have waited until the civil strife within Aouine reach its highest point, with Madara invading the kingdom with its full might, until the Princess-Regent would finally not be able to control the situation, then garner the biggest profits by stepping in at that point.

But he did not do so.

His attachment to the people in the game made him send the future Goddess of War to the princess, and believed that these two brilliant women would not disappoint him. Even if he predicted wrongly, at least he would not leave behind any regrets.

Still, he did not expect Amandina to know his thoughts that well, so he merely smiled and gave a neutral reaction. She certainly showed off her intelligence if she was able to predict that much.

He turned back to look at Romaine who looked like she was having fun. She did not seek to understand why Brendel needed to do what he did, and only wanted to help him do the best he could in his plans.

[The future ahead might call for even more drastic measures. Sometimes knowing too much hurts, and one might not attain happiness, Amandina…… But looking at Romaine makes me feel it’s a pleasure on its own.]





“Beyond that,” Amandina continued: “The money made from the auction was invested into Miss Romaine’s goods which were subsequently used for the celebration after the Madara war. The returns were then poured to gain deep access into this local region. This is the first time that I realize that having gold coins is an amazing thing. Miss Romaine’s touch seemed to go permeate into the complicated noble society and the underground thieves’ guilds.

There wasn’t even a need to maintain a good relationship in order to gain access to the information too. I thought it was only at Bruglas that contact was made with the Brotherhood of Thieves, but it seems like it was done much earlier.”

“This is one of the reasons why I formed a coalition of merchants.” Brendel admitted it: “But it is not for the reason of acquiring more money but power. Once people brought themselves into some form of any system, even if they have their own personal agenda, their actions would most likely benefit others just like how the circulation of goods would bring about abundance.”

“Information gathering isn’t really hard. My aunt says that information is everywhere around us.” Romaine interrupted as if she was interested in the topic.

“That’s because the information we require isn’t particularly demanding on quality. The hardest part on acquiring information is not on the process of collection, but to determine which information is useful. This requires skilled professionals.” Brendel gave a laugh.

“My lord, you’re changing the subject. All the things that you do is because there’s some form of benefit.” Amandina gazed at him.

“Even if you point out only these two things, I can only say that they are a coincidence.” Brendel did not wish to spend time on this topic. He had too many secrets and each lie that he gave, would inevitably lead to more lies to cover up the old ones.

“The Red Bronze Dragon mercenaries retired as if they wanted to stay away from the public’s attention, but I can safely state that it was a measure to make sure Miss Freya enters the Royal Cavalry Academy…… But my lord, how did you know there were openings in the academy? No, not only that, it seems that my lord has the ability to see even further. While we are still focused on the problems before us, you seemed to have already seen the end results.”

Amandina looked a little ill and grumbled.

“I-I’m not sure if this is some form of talent, but I feel tremendous pressure.”

“Alright, alright,” Brendel quickly raised his hands to surrender: “I got it. You’re right, it’s a form of talent. But there are areas that I can miss out if I plan things alone……”

He looked at the trees into the distant. The night battle seemed to intensify as the camps started to get burned by fire. The northern sky was gradually filled with red light. Their location was starting to become unsafe.

This was a temporary stop after all.

“…… We’re discussing too many things that are not related to our current situation. We should leave this area before the fight reaches here.”

He quickly ended his sentences and grabbed the longsword near him and fled from Amandina, and prevented her from asking more questions.





[At this rate you’re going to even get my identification number……] Brendel obviously would not divulge himself as a parallel-world traveler with knowledge about the future.

Amandina understood that it was a poor attempt to change the topic, but she had gone a little too far by saying too much. It was normal for a leader to keep things from his subordinates, and Brendel’s foresight boosted the confidence she had in the things they were doing.

Thus she followed him without any objections.

A few moments later she turned around and whispered: “Ser Nightsong Tiger, are we really fine if we head east?”

She had carefully observed Redi’s expressions, and saw him making a scornful face when Brendel said they were going east.

The Nightsong Tiger looked at her with an impressed expression.

“Yes.” He added a motion to pat his left arm, which was a gesture to guarantee something: “Miss Amandina, I have never seen anyone like my lord who is as familiar with these bastards who deserve to go straight to hell—

He looked at Brendel’s back.

“I say this humbly, we have frequently fought them in the past, and the Disciples of the Black Flames love to use distractions as a strategy. However, it is difficult to discern their true locations. Even if it’s me, I can only pinpoint their ambushes to two locations, either in the south or west area.”

He pointed towards Brendel’s injured hand.

“Do you see our lord’s wounded hand? I’m willing to bet that he took less than a minute to deal with that high ranking contract demon, and he probably did it with less than ten moves. Only a veteran can see through the Lord of Throns attacking style and approach this monster quickly. Even though it has a wide range, it is far less threatening to fight in close combat.”





Amandina listened to his explanation and understood about half of it. It was evident that the veteran soldier was immensely respectful of Brendel. As she looked at Brendel’s injuries on his back and hand, she suddenly realized something.

The current generation of Aouine nobles were ‘soft’, unlike their ancestors.

[Brave, wise, decisive and tough. A lord like this makes me wonder how far his accomplishments will go.]

Amandina exhaled quietly.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 81




TL: So the next chapter will come 5-6 days later. I’ll be fixing TOC and proofreading chapters for errors. I should be ready to post some artworks as well.

[Read more…]

Chapter 81 – The story of fishes swimming in chaos (2)

================ Eke POV ===============

The battle abruptly ended as soon as it had started. Eke was almost certain that the bastards draped in black robes were at least silver-ranked fighters. While he predicted there would be a fight, he did not expect the ending—

He was almost certain that Capo and the others were going to be cut down; he finally could not suppress himself and wanted to pull out his sword in order to prevent the tragedy from happening.

But there was an old man with wispy white hair who walked out from Capo’s back and pointed his finger at the enemies. The enemies that Eke saw as nightmarish devils were struck by grey beams and turned into piles of dust.

The youth’s mouth went wide and for a moment, wondered if he was dreaming.

When the old man cast his magic, the Holy Sigil of Earth briefly appeared on top of his hand. The signs of an unlocked Element was apparent and visible, and Eke knew there were no more than ten people in Aouine who had this kind of power.

[Who is this? Amongst this ten people are a certain lord and several famous high level wizards. The remaining people who could possibly have such power are from the Black Tower and the owner of ‘The Association of Stars and Moon’.]

Capo bowed to him and spoke respectfully.





“Grandmaster Liszt, thank you for taking the trouble to aid us.”

The words struck Eke like a lightning bolt, rooting him to the ground. There were many people who had the name ‘Liszt’, but there was only one worthy of the title ‘Grandmaster’.

Liszt Hardaway Gemmer.

The chief royal wizard in Aouine and a great minister who aided the throne.

Eke was momentarily confused and did not understand why someone of such importance appeared in such a remote area. It seemed like Liszt was actually there to aid them.

“This….. I……” The youth was tongue-tied and he stared and pointed at him: “Y-you’re……”

Liszt nodded and acknowledged his guess.

“It is going to take a while to explain things, mister Eke. Let knight Capote take us to safety, and I’ll explain the situation in detail.”

“Knight…… Capo…….. Capote?” Eke looked at Capote and felt his world spinning out of control.

================= Brendel POV ==================

Brendel and his men traveled on the quiet eastern forest which led them upwards to a mountain slope. The fifteen-strong group’s footsteps across the dense tall grass caused a rustling noise, like an invisible long snake passing through the darkness. If they looked back, they would be able to see parted grasses leading back into the lower valley’s smouldering camps.

It was originally an area which was lit with proper fire torches, now it was nothing more than scattered burning remains.

“Our horses are still in the camp.”

Romaine said this sentence for the third time. Brendel knew she was hurting over the horse she had, but he shook his head.

“The mercenaries will retreat, right?” She looked up at Brendel and asked.

Her eyes went back to the areas that used to be the heart of the Grey Wolves Mercenaries’ camps. She understood Brendel’s meaning, but she was still soft-hearted.





Even though she and her aunt were not very popular amongst the Bucce citizens, it was still a place that she could call home, and also why she wanted to help Freya rebuild Bucce. Now that their former allies were in trouble, she was reluctant to leave them behind.

“I’m afraid only Mother Marsha would know the answer.” Brendel replied.

[Whether or not the Grey Wolves Mercenaries’ name will become part of history lies not with my decision but Makarov’s.]

“But if they discover that it’s a trap he will be on the alert, right? Do you think that Makarov is a smart person?” She asked.

“He’s too smart.” Brendel thought back on Makarov’s past.

He was the chief advisor in an effort to revolutionize the Royal Faction, but his failure in a political fight eleven years ago caused him to end up in this current state.

“So he and his enemies are plotting against each other?” Amandina asked.

“That sounds about right.” Brendel nodded.

“I don’t understand. What is the reason for them to fight each other?” She made a new hypothesis: “Is there something in this forest that would drive them to such greed?”

[There are secrets in this forest, certainly, but they are not precious enough for people to act on them. They are fighting over something else entirely.]

She saw his smile and immediately asked: “My lord, you do know something.”

“That young man we saw a few days ago, do you still remember him?” He nodded his head: “His real name should be Eke Ophelon Lantonrand.”

“That name sounds familiar.”

“Naturally. Because you should have heard of the name Canon Ophelon Lantonrand .”

She formed her breath into a gasp, but because of the acute rush of air she took in, she started to cough instead. After regaining her composure, she asked breathlessly: “Duke Lantonrand?”

“Eke should have his own rank and land, the Earl of Merak.” Brendel narrowed his eyes, “It’s just that he probably doesn’t know about it.”

“You mean…… It has something to do with that political fight eleven years ago? Hold on, Duke Lantonrand’s son had already been missing—”

She suddenly stopped and looked at Brendel with an odd expression.





“My lord, why do you know so much about this?”

“It’s a public secret in the upper echelons.” Brendel lied through his teeth.

“Then this would mean……”

“The current Aouine is no longer the Aouine of the past. The so-called high nobles are rotten to the point where they don’t deserved to be saved. This sickness have spread into their very bones, to put it mildly.” Brendel deliberately said these words in front of her.

“I am not the only one who sees this point. You can mark my words, Miss Amandina, this kingdom will break up in a civil war within three months. The events that you are seeing now are the final struggles to stop it.”

“Can the Corvado empire be saved?” Amandina’s mind was thinking of the once glorious royal family that brought honor to Aouine.

“Perhaps it can.” Brendel stroked his chin and thought about the ‘princess regent’.

“What are we going to do, my lord?” Amandina broke his chain of thoughts as she asked quietly.

“We should first search for the Sage Slate.” Brendel looked at the landscape of arching mountains and gentle slopes that repeated itself. It appeared to Amandina like he saw things differently; as if he was able to see past the darkness and opaque obstructions as if he was already there at their destination.

He brought everyone across a mountain peak; the gale from the southern sea strengthening and billowing towards him, which made his cloak unfurl and spread out behind him.

He sniffed the air and stared into a dark and silent valley, his eyes glazed over with surprise, then turned into an evident look.

“It’s really here. The only question is whether the person who wrote the walkthrough isn’t lying.”

Everyone heard his murmurs and turned towards him.

“Do you see the valley down there?” He said.

“What’s wrong?” Romaine asked.

“Hmm……” Brendel pointed into the valley, but they saw an empty carpet of darkness with trees lined on each side. He turned towards them and his eyes were gleaming: “Have you heard of altars?”

“My aunt and I have seen an altar in the ‘Temple of the Flame God’. Do you mean something like that?”

“Of course it’s not that. But everyone has heard of ‘Nests’ right?”

They nodded as they knew about monsters spawning from them.

“There’s a Nest within the valley.”

“What?” The Nightsong Tiger jerked with fright.

A Nest allowed a kingdom’s forces to prosper as they produced creatures that could be used for wars. However, a natural Nest was much more dangerous than a man-made Nest, and subjugating and purifying such natural Nests would require a tremendous price.

“What rank is it?” He immediately asked.

“No need to worry,” Brendel motioned him to calm down. He paused for a while before he continued. “That’s an Altar of Order, and related to the Temple of Truth.”

“What is an Altar of Order?”

“Have you heard of the Heaven’s Gate?”

The mercenaries felt their breaths chill. The Mercenaries of Lopes came from a kingdom known for its cavalry and knew what the term signified. The Nightsong Tiger looked at the clueless Amandina and Romaine, before he explained: “Angel of Thrones.”

Amandina gulped and looked at Brendel in disbelief; the kingdom Glace was only one-fifth of Aouine’s land area, but its combat prowess towered over all other kingdoms because it possessed two powerful armies.





The Knights of Fanaticism and Order of Brilliance, and part of their armies consisted of living creatures from Nests.

In the previous Holy War, the Aouine forces under the banner of the Holy Cathedral of Flames had suffered under these two armies greatly.

The Nightsong Tiger looked at Brendel with an incredulous look, and he stuttered to get his words out: “My lord, are you saying there’s a Heaven’s Gate there?”

Brendel immediately shook his head.

[Of course not. Are you kidding me?]

The Heaven’s Gate was unlikely to be found by him. The Heaven’s Gate gave birth to the strongest creature that could be used by the ‘Order of Brilliance’, the Angel of Thrones. Any place that had a Heaven’s Gate would have shown strange omens in the near vicinity, and unless the local Holy Cathedral of Flames were foolish enough to miss it, he would never be able to get to them.

“No, the Altar of Order below is similar to the Heaven’s Gate.”

“Similar?” The Nightsong Commander reflected on the words Brendel said. He was not as learned as a scholar and most of these Nests were controlled by rulers or great lords. A man of his position was usually not privy to know such things.

“You mean that this natural Nest has been blessed by Mother Marsha?” Amandina caught on to what Brendel was trying to say.

Brendel stopped for a moment. Even though his mind had the explanation available for the local citizens, but he still used the linguistic words from the game. He could only nod with an awkward smile.

“If that’s the case, then it’s a great find. A natural Nest is difficult to purify, and changing them requires at least ten years, and perhaps even twenty years.” The Nightsong Tiger immediately said.

The Nests that were blessed by Mother Marsha were gifts to the citizens in the world. The living creatures that were born from within are allies of sentient creatures. As long as the mana and maintenance was paid for, the forces that controlled the Nests were able to gather a powerful army.

Any kingdom who offered the Holy Cathedral of Fire an Altar of Order would immediately get a rich land three to four times the size of a knight’s. In addition, that land was hereditary and transferable.

Amandina’s eyes seemed to flare up with vigor.

But Brendel immediately raised his hands: “Everyone is overthinking things. That is merely an abandoned altar.”

“Abandoned?” Amandina’s first reaction was disappointment, before it went back to curiosity: “How does my lord know that?”

Brendel did not reply. He knew where the approximate location was because there was a serene and tranquil air to it, and he was familiar of that feeling in the game since he traveled throughout the continent.

There was also the fact that a game window with the words ‘Holy Area’ appearing in his vision. As to why it was already abandoned, the walkthrough had already stated clearly that it was abandoned, of course.

The group made its way to the valley, and once they did so they realized that the outside world seemed to be cut off. There was no sound within the valley, not even the common shrill of the insects commonly heard in the summer.

With the aid of the light from the moonlight, they slowly walked through an unclear path filled with cracks and holes. Within the dense foliage, they would sometimes catch glimpses of glimmering lights.

They could simply be fireflies, but perhaps they were the eyes of animals.

Amandina and Romaine had traveled through the night several times. Even though they were tense, they were not exactly afraid of the environment. The Mercenaries of Lopes were not fazed in the slightest, but the surroundings made them feel that there was something odd about the place.

“This altar wasn’t actually discovered by me.” Brendel finally spotted some man-made fragments of a large boulder, and suddenly spoke aloud.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 82




TL: The Amber Sword’s raws have finally been completed, and it seems like it is a favorable ending amongst the chinese readers. It’s sort of a relief, I guess. Although, I kind of had to sieve through some plot spoilers to see if there are any problems to the stuff I’m translating. It’s more than likely that I have to tweak some of the stuff in the beginning, but generally it shouldn’t affect any general plot.

Right now I’m in 130++ chapters in, and there’s like 1500? chapters. Well, I’m nearly at the 10% mark, and I translated over 200,000 words on this series. So I guess there’s another 2,000,000 words waiting for you guys? Cough.

I wasn’t planning on releasing this chapter yet because this chapter was done outside of home in a rush, but I still think it’s important to inform the readers on the current status on a few things.

Next chapter ETA: 3-4 days later.

[Read more…]

TL: Skip ahead to get to the chapter, otherwise read on for some information about donation status.

TL: What I have done recently is a partially done fanart (still need to work on it and remove the lineart) for TSTBGAM, my other series. It’s based on the light novel’s original design on the wolf boy, which I imagine him to be all warm and fuzzy in the majik forest.

tstbgam-fan-art

First drawing after graduation.

Donations are still closed until I can get a proper schedule in place and I stick with it without any incidents.

In case everyone still doesn’t know, I have graduated from art student to ‘starving artist lulz’, and I have to consider my future plans properly. It’s either I somehow get by with art freelancing + translations’ donations, or I go out to work for a game company and get some additional Artist XP.

One thing about sponsoring/donation/tipping for the chapters, I’ll remind everyone that you’re not paying for my translations, but sponsoring me to be able to buy artbooks and novels and coffee. The donations that I received so far have mostly gone into artbooks, thank you very much for easing my burdens.

Edit: A reader has stated that he/she was confused over introductions of new characters because he/she wasn’t sure whether they appeared before. So here’s a new poll, do you want me to tell you when new characters are introduced?

Take Our Poll

Chapter 82 – The story of fishes swimming in chaos (3)

================= Scarlett’s POV ==================

“Scarlett.”

A clear voice rang out from the forest, accompanied with hurried footsteps as if there was a group of people approaching towards a girl with long red hair. She tidied her hair band before turning back; her long eyelashes flickering once as she blinked at a burning torchlight nearby. Her irises were like red wine as they reflected the shimmering orange flames, but the expression she gave was a little hesitant.

“That voice sounds like it belongs to Cecilia. Wasn’t she supposed to find Yula and Redi, why is she back already? Did she find them, or did she encounter some form of trouble?”





The girl named Scarlett picked up the halberd in her hands warily. Brendel would have easily recognized the origins of this weapon. Beyond the ink-black body of the spear, the most prominent feature of this weapon were the faintly golden edges that fanned outwards at the tip, giving it a graceful deadliness.

‘Spear of Lightning, Roglas’ was a famous drop in Chablis. Any gamer with the appropriate level who used a spear would have wanted this spear. Even though it was a level twenty-five spear, the price within the online trading community did not fall regardless of time. There was only one reason why: The spear had a 1% chance of a special effect called ‘Whispers of Lightning when the user attacked.

This special effect was the same spell that an Elementalist used. It added 10% additional lightning damage, and was a particular strategy used by gamers. They would first use the spear until they got the special effect, then switch their weapons with the skill ‘Preparation’ without any penalties, as well as adding potions that were usually made by Wind Elementalists to increase their damage output.

However, if they saw the spear in Scarlett’s hands they would certainly be surprised. As far as they knew, it belonged to an undead knight that burned with crimson flame. (TL: The foreshadowing is certainly strong for sure…)

The first rumors of the spear was two years after the Grey Wolves Mercenaries’ battle, and was still held by the lizardmen bandits.

Scarlett raised her head up to look at the nearby hill. and saw several figures dashing out from the trees. She furrowed her brows. The Grey Wolves Mercenaries had a different meaning to her compared to her comrades. She was an orphan raised by Capo, and the group was like a huge family to her. She went into battle not for the sake of money, but for the sake of protecting this family.

Other than fighting in battles, she felt that she did not know anything else.

She had witnessed the Grey Wolves Mercenaries scoring victory after victory for eleven years, and her personal confidence improved every day until it formed into a feeling of glory. But this glory was shaken tonight when she did not understand where the enemies came from. There was no question their opponents were incredibly difficult and filled with a strong desire to battle.

She felt an uneasy feeling growing in her heart, and the tension and fatigue caused her heart to drum loudly.

“What’s wrong?” She asked as Cecilia and the group of mercenaries behind approached her.

“I found Yula.” Cecilia replied.

Scarlett uttered a low sigh and her eyes wavered. She put her halberd down onto the ground and tousled her hair.

“And? What did the commander say? Do we press forward or retreat?”

There was a series of low giggles from the crowd. It was a known fact amongst the mercenaries that Scarlett was fond of Eke, even though she tried to hide it. A few of them even gracefully pretended that they did not know anything about it and even cheered her on, despite the fact that Yula was Eke’s fiancee.

“Yula is something of a star seer and she’s highly intelligent. The commander is most likely to follow her advice. Hmph. ” Scarlett made a nasally scoff before she glared at the giggling mercenaries.

“Careful that I tear your lips apart.” She said viciously.

But uncontrollable laughter burst out and one of them said kindly: “Scarlett, the commander has already made the decision to head north to fight the enemies. Redi, Lothar and you are to take one squad of mercenaries each to create an open path. Can we go along with you?”

Scarlett flashed a toothy grin: “Why would you want to come along with me. All of you have other intentions right?”

“Of course not.” The few men who had their intentions revealed quickly waved their hands.

Scarlett raised her head and eyed one of the youths with an angry glare who quickly turned away.

[Idiots.]





“Whatever.” She turned away as she answered.

The few youths looked at her back with stunned expressions. They did not know that she was filled with grave worry. The ‘Paper Cards’ had exceeded all their initial expectations, but Makarov did not issue any orders to retreat and insisted on carrying on with the usual plans.

[Is the commander that confident, or is there another reason?]

Scarlett clenched her fist and placed it over her heart which was beating quickly. Since the commander had already given the command, there was no room left to disobey the order. Everything had to be left to the spear in her hands.

She gripped it tightly. Eke had bought the spear from a merchant when she was fifteen years old, and she made the decision to fight with her spear until her life was expended. She even felt at times that this was her life’s reason.

She started to move forward but she suddenly recalled something and turned her head.

“Didn’t that merchant camped a fair distance away from us? Where is he now?”

“He probably…… got separated from us when the attack started……”

The mercenaries who followed her closely looked at each other, before one of them hesitatingly replied. They were not Makarov’s direct subordinates and not all of the mercenaries knew his exact identity. Many of them still thought he was still allies with them, even if it was just temporarily.

She frowned: “We’re moving in this direction to search for them.”

“Is that really…… okay?”

“What do you mean by that, the Grey Wolves Mercenaries cannot be seen as a group who abandons their allies.”

A few chuckles could be heard amongst them. Scarlett was obviously being soft-hearted but she simply had to find a grand reason to cover it up. The mercenaries were willing to group along with her was partly because of the funny atmosphere around her, although, it was mostly out of a good-natured perspective.

But as the chuckles died down, there was another cackling laugh that echoed throughout the greenwoods, yet the voice was hollow and empty, comprising more of a frightening tone to it that was not unlike the Demonic Rotten Beasts.

Scarlett’s expression changed and sought for the source of the voice.

She immediately found the origin of the voice; a dark figure with long black robes with red sigils on either side was standing next to a gigantic green colored creature. They were atop on a great black pine tree, while the creature shook his massive wings, causing the chains around them to jangle loudly. The creature’s head was that of a goat’s and their line-like pupils stared at the mercenaries.

“When did it appear?” Scarlett’s heart suddenly jolted and she gritted her teeth. Even though she had no idea what manner of the creature was, she understood they were opponents that they most likely could not face.

“Lass.” The Disciple of Black Flames trilled with a piercing voice: “Did you say someone got separated?”





“That has nothing to do with you.” She raised her halberd and said through clenched teeth.

The initial assault had caused the Grey Wolves Mercenaries to lose a squad of patrolling guards, and one of them was Scarlett’s close friend. Even though the mercenaries had gotten used to seeing life and death, it did not mean they were able to calmly deal with them. The enemies and them were beyond conciliatory terms and only had enmity between them.

“It is fine if we can’t get to them. My comrade has probably been done in by them, so I’ll quench my thirst for revenge with your deaths.” The Disciple of Black Flames laughed in a crazed manner. “Abechas!”

The black chains swept towards the girl with a ringing sound caused by the chain links, while she responded with a loud yell and struck away the chains. The force of the chains secretly swayed her confidence, it was merely a single strike but her arm felt slightly numbed. Her performance was apparently outside the expectations of the Disciple as he exclaimed in surprise. “A Silver-ranked fighter! Makarov’s subordinates are certainly full of surprises. Even a little girl is skilled, how truly unexpected!”

“There are more to come, you bastard! Roglas, Arrow of Lightning!”

Scarlett reversed her spear and pointed it at the disciple. Electricity immediately gathered from the tip of black-bodied spear and crackled with an explosive noise. By the time the sound reached the mercenaries’ ears, the lightning arc had leapt towards the disciple.

However, an invisible shield blocked the lightning and sparks sprayed everywhere from the contact, causing the trees around the high-ranking disciple to smoke and turn black from the heat. The black-robed disciple did not move at all, and not even the edge of his sleeves reacted to the Arrow of Lightning.

“A tier 2 Magic Artifact. That is certainly uncommon.” The disciple clicked his tongue after a moment later.

Scarlett’s blood had turned completely cold. She drew in a sharp breath as she tried to dispel the numbness that was spreading throughout his fingers. The moment of shock quickly turned into anger and she roared at the mercenaries who pulled out their weapons in order to participate in the fight: “Run! What the hell are you staying here for!”

“What do you mean?”





“Captain, we……”

“You idiots, I’m not his match at all, quickly get the commander to send help to me!”

“Your plans seem to be thought out pretty well.” The disciple sneered audibly, raised his hand, and the creature beside immediately flung a long chain out. This time the targets were the mercenaries.

“Damn it!”

She threw the halberd like a javelin towards the chain. There was a loud grinding noise as the spear and chain collided, deflecting each other to the opposite direction. She immediately raised her hand, and there was a lightning flash in between the spear and her. A moment later, the halberd flew back to her hand as if they were connected to each other.

“Element Resonance!” The disciple screeched.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 83




L: First draft of the translated chapter. I finally started on my QC, loads of mistakes on chapter 1 which I edited briefly. Another TAS chapter coming soon.

[Read more…]

Chapter 83 – The story of fishes swimming in chaos (5)

==================== Makarov’s POV ====================

“He really said that?”

Even though the Grey Wolves Mercenaries were attacked in the night by the endless stream of Paper Cards’ mercenaries and Disciples of Black Flame, and forced to retreat to the south, Makarov did not lose his composure and calmly retreated in an orderly manner. He was even able to regroup and gather his forces to make an organized army. Just that point alone would have qualified him as a famous general.

He was with Buga as usual, and wore a fiery red military uniform that was reminiscent of the previous king’s personal cavalry guards’ uniform.

Makarov was once the commander of the king’s personal cavalry guards, and his fiery red uniform had been his symbol ever since he took on that position. The things that were missing from before were the shoulder emblems, badges and tassels.





His personal sword had not changed since the time he was the commander of the 35th cavalry unit.

That particular brand of sword was immensely popular amongst the level 30-40 gamers. It had the right balance of stats for its price and was one of the best Magic Swords at the ‘Brass’ rating. The quantity of the swords was also sufficient in the market, so it was well received.

Makarov calmly listened to Yula’s report without showing any signs that he was concerned with the enemies, but merely raised an eyebrow upon Brendel’s advice. He turned to Buga and asked.

“That youth seems to be prepared. Do we head east as well?”

“Hold on,” Redi urgently cut in. He had a higher degree of authority amongst the other mercenaries, otherwise they would not have interrupted the Makarov: “Commander, the enemies we are facing now are the Tree Shepherds! We should retreat and seek for a better plan right? If they are attacking openly now, I’m sure they are well prepared to fight us, continuing to fight with them in this forest would be falling into their plans!”

His words were rash and rude, but Makarov was used to his attitude and did not mind it. Redi suddenly thought of something and asked. “And Eke is still in town, he might not be safe either!”

Makarov eyed the youth and nodded: “Your words are not wrong, but there is no guarantee that the Grey Wolves Mercenaries would be safe even if we retreat to Chablis.”

He saw that Yula had lowered her head and knew that she was worried with her fiance. “In truth we have already suspected that Conrad wouldn’t be so easy to deal with. But we are prepared to face him ever since we stepped into the forest. As for Eke….. I am not sure what he discovered, but him staying in the town is also fine. Capo stayed behind specifically to protect him, so worry not.”

Buga did not offer any comments and simply listened to the conversation, but he suddenly turned his head around and immediately discovered a blinding light coming from the distant forest. A ear-piercing explosion soon permeated the entire forest. Their expressions turned and Redi was about to say something, but the mercenaries around them had started shouting.





“The seventh chord, thunder!”

“Scarlett is in trouble!”

Buga reached for his greatsword behind his back, but he quickly stopped and turned to peer closer at the direction he was looking at earlier.

“The battle is already over.” He said gravely.

“You mean, Scarlett is……” Yula paled.

“I’ll bring some men to get to her now!” Redi finally reacted and reached for his sword, intending to rush out to that area, but Makarov laid a strong arm on his shoulder and forced him to stay right where he was.

“Stop.”

“Commander…..?”

Makarov did not say anything but frowned for the first time and looked somberly at where Buga was looking at as well. A few moments later, dark figures appeared in their line of sight, followed by two gurgling screams. Whether or not they belonged to a human’s dying throes or a beast’s, the mercenaries could not tell.

But they took a few steps back, as there were groups of men coming from the southern forest. They were certainly the Disciples of the Black Flames, their chains dragging across the ground and shrubs with metallic ringings from the chain links.

The bizarre sounds were clearly at odds with the supposedly tranquil forest.

— The attacks in the north are a distraction, while the enemies laid in the south to ambush them.

Everyone thought of the same thing. Lothar and Scarlett had clearly failed to stop the enemies in the north, but the mercenaries did not have the time to mourn for their losses, because they were also mired in danger as well. The mercenaries were experienced enough to recognize that the enemies had three times their numbers.

Redi gulped. Even though he was not afraid of death, but he felt suffocated to face such odds. Yula listened closely and also realized the danger they were in.

“Conrad!”

Buga growled, his voice low but powerful.

“Oh?” A flippant voice immediately came back, even sounding young: “Ser Buga, do you know of me personally? Would you like me to address you as the ‘Crosshand’, or are you Duke Lantonrand’s or Grand Duke Roan’s guard commander?”





The stone thrown by Conrad was like a ripple amongst the Grey Wolves Mercenaries. They looked back their vice-commander with stunned expressions. Even though they did not trust the enemies, they felt curious over the sudden information. Buga and Makarov did not react to Conrad’s words, while the latter even stuck out a hand to prevent Buga from doing anything rash.

“I did not think that the mercenaries of Paper Cards would work together with the infamous Tree Shepherds. I’m sure it would be terrible if words of your deeds are circulated to the masses.”

The forest turned silent.

Conrad had not expected Makarov to know the relationship between the Disciples of the Black Flames and the Tree Shepherds. He only replied with sarcasm after an afterthought: “As expected of the Cunning Fox of the past. You do know plenty.”

[That youth’s words are right.] (TL: Makarov is referring to Brendel.)

Makarov frowned deeply. He was actually confirming Brendel’s words, but he was also disregarding his men’s morale. In spite of that, he believed his men were not afraid to die in battle.

Mercenaries were men who risked their lives for coins. Although they were not as formidable as a formal army, they were still recognized as a force to be reckoned with in Vaunte.

“We should skip with the pleasantries, Ser Makarov.” Conrad walked out from his spot, although it was dark enough to only identity him as a young man. “I’m here to confirm only one thing. Is the only son of Duke Rhun with you presently?”

The mercenaries were once again stunned and stared at their commander. In their eyes, high nobles had nothing to do with them.

Makarov broke into sheer laughter: “Have you gone fucking insane? Leaving aside the face that I don’t understand what you are talking about, but even if I do, do you think I would bother to tell my enemies anything?”

But the young man’s reaction was merely to shake his head at Makarov’s sarcastic remarks—

“You shouldn’t put your foot down so firmly, Ser Makarov. Do you truly wish to see your faithful subordinates who followed you for over a decade to be put down like animals?” But he immediately shook his head: “But perhaps you are right. Your original status puts your far above them. It is a natural thing to fulfill your mission and abandon this baggage that is holding you back.”

“That’s enough, Conrad!” Buga snapped coldly at Conrad and shook his head. “We are all hired mercenaries. Do you think your taunts are going to affect our men? If you have any skills, then bring it out and show it to me. The worst fate that we can go through is merely death.”

Ther Grey Wolves Mercenaries immediately laughed. That was how it should be. They were already prepared to meet death in the battlefield, and Conrad’s little speech before they fought was something of a laughable thing.

It was especially so when they were facing their own kind. In order to show what they thought, they drew out their weapons, and there was a series of metallic noises created by the weapons in the forest.

============== Conrad POV ============

“This old fucking bastard.” Conrad took a few steps back and hid himself in the forest once again. He looked at the dying girl with long red hair who was covered with numerous wounds beside his feet. “This cunning fox Makarov is really hard to deal with. Unfortunately our target isn’t him, otherwise I wouldn’t waste my time to persuade this Royal Faction idiot.”





“If you already know he wouldn’t talk about it, why don’t you attack them right away?” There was a man who wore long black robes standing behind Conrad, quietly advising him with a low voice. Two red stripes were sewn onto both sleeves, and Brendel would have recognized the man as a ranked bishop in the Disciples of the Black Flames, and several ranks higher than the high ranking acolytes he had faced.

“We could have done that, but there are two groups of men within the Grey Wolves Mercenaries that are unaccounted for. Makarov is well known for his devious tactics.” Conrad spat the words out with a displeased expression. “He left a group of men to chase after Eke in the town. They really do know how to act like he was running away, but no matter how I look at it, this is a plan to distract us.”

“It might be possible that he really ran away.”

“It doesn’t matter. To make sure that nothing goes wrong, I have already left a Gold-ranked swordsman behind. Capot might hide his true skill, but he wouldn’t be able to go against my placed swordsman.”

“Then what else do you have to worry about?”

Conrad scoffed lightly. He crouched down and grabbed the girl’s hair, jerking her head up. Blood immediately flowed and trickled down her face.

Scarlett jerked slightly and groaned softly. She tried to see past the blood in her eyes to see who was in front of her, but the young man pulled her hair even higher and caused her to curl up in pain.

“Urgh—”

Conrad gave a devious grin: “The other group of missing mercenaries. The report says it’s a merchant along with two women protected by a group of twelve mercenaries. How am I supposed to believe such a ridiculous lie like that? Makarov has definitely planned something, but even if I can’t get him to talk, he can’t ensure his men to do the same.”

“Isn’t that right,” He stared at the girl who had breathing in shallow gasps: “Little girl?”

Scarlett seemed to realize her situation, gritted her teeth and turned her face away.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 84




TL: There are some stuff I want to inform the readers. More ahead.

[Read more…]

Right, first thing first, schedule update. 1 TAS, 1 TSTBGAM chapters per week, until I finish QCing chapters. My normal schedule will look something like this, 2 TAS, 2 TSTBGAM.

TAS: Wednesday, Saturday

TSTBGAM: Thursday, Friday

The latest game is too amazing: Every 2 weeks, probably Sunday.

I’m also reopening donations, Paypal: [email protected]

Please indicate which series you want me to translate, otherwise I’m going to split the money into both series.

The Amber Sword chapter: 50 USD

The Strategy to Become Good at Magic chapter: 15 USD

In the event there’s an overabundance of donations, chapter releases are capped at one chapter per day for TAS and TSTBGAM. The chapters’ sponsoring are tied to time required to translate one chapter and not the word count.

The last thing I want to ask is whether you want new features.

Take Our Poll

============ Conrad POV ============

“Why is it, that you don’t wish to tell us where they went?” Conrad chortled with mirth, smacking the flat blade of the dagger on the girl’s cheek: “Why do you want to risk your dear life for that group?”

The cold blade reflected the dim light seemed to emit a chilling feeling to her, and she twitched once. She lightly gasped and answered with a pause on every word: “…… My responsibility…… for failing to defeat you…… Only the weak….. would save themselves…… by betraying others.”

“I…… am…… different…… from…… you.” Her half-opened eyes hid the burning fury within her.





“Really?” Conrad did not get angry: “But you see, I’m not a patient man. As both you and I know, the Grey Wolves Mercenaries have seventy to eighty of their men here. I’m actually quite certain that not everyone is willing to sacrifice themselves for other strangers. I don’t need to remind you that mercenaries are mercenaries, after all. There is really no need to be so loyal. If you think about it, the results won’t change and I’ll get my answer. Why do you still want to persist in resisting? I can assure you that I don’t enjoy killing, so I’m giving you one more chance, little girl, otherwise you’re going to that useless goddess Mother Marsha.”

Scarlett’s eyelids twitched, and he waited with bated breath. In the end the girl gritted her teeth and shook her head.

“The other mercenaries…… are not me.” Her reply was curt.

“Then farewell, little girl.”

Scarlett tensed her body and paled. She was a normal human being who still feared death at the last moment, but it still did not overcome her willpower. She feebly clenched her fists and waited for her fate, closing her eyes tightly while two streaks of tears flowed from them.

Conrad turned his head.

The high-ranking Disciple of the Black Flames who had stood behind Conrad throughout the interrogation nodded his head once. It was just like what Conrad said, the mercenaries were already in their trap and there was nowhere to run. There was no need to worry. Even though the mercenaries were not afraid to die in battle, they would not easily give up their life to meaningless loyalty or honor.

Makarov and Buga needed to keep their secrets, but the men under them did not.

Conrad took the dagger and plunged it into the girl’s chest.

The disciple looked coldly at this scene. The red blood that flowed from the girl did not look like a life was ending, but more of a painting to be admired. She gurgled and her body convulsed a few times, causing her red hair to flutter about. Her eyes opened wide and she looked like she was thinking of something in her final moments, but they quickly became vacant and void of all expressions.

Her willpower and strength were quickly leaving her own body.

[Am I dying…..? Eke…… do you know…… that I really like—] She felt extremely sleepy, but felt something was placed onto her chest before she fell to a sleep she would not wake up from.

“What is that?” Conrad turned his head back and asked.

The disciple had placed a glowing dark ruby on the girl’s body. In a few moments, the ruby extended dark tendril-like lights around the wound. The dark lights passed through the veins of the girl and her body quickly gave out a faint crimson glow.

“The Divine Blood of a God.” He said.





“Do you wish to awaken her as an undead?” Conrad asked.

“No.” He shook his head. “This woman has an Element Resonance with her weapon, and even defeated our high ranking disciple with just her current status as a Silver-ranked fighter. This means that her potential is very high, and with such a tender age as well. What I gave her was the blood of the Lightning God, Cabal. If she raises as an God Acolyte, then this gamble is worth it to me.”

“Blood from a high ranking God?” Conrad narrowed his eyes: “You’re a lower ranked bishop. How did you get your hands on the blood jewel when you don’t even have the qualifications to handle it?”

“A mere coincidence. Luck plays a great factor, as dictated by the highest truth in this world, chaos.”

Conrad gave an incomprehensible hum in response to that, and looked back at Scarlett. The tendrils were gradually turning her body into a cocoon.

“The chance for failure is very high.” Conrad said.

“The loss is acceptable.” The disciple said coldly.

“You can do whatever you want, my next move is going to launch an attack. You had better stay back. Makarov and Buga are not your common fodder. If both of them put their lives on their line, my chances to survive are not that favorable.”

Conrad got up and place his white gloved hand on his sword. Even though he could supposedly lose his life, there was no tremor to his hand. The disciple knew that he was in charge of their current mission, so he did not oppose his rudeness. He moved to one side to allow Conrad to pass, then spoke suddenly: “The group that left the Grey Wolves Mercenaries, is that truly ‘Eke’?”

“The possibility is almost certain.” Conrad continued to walk towards the edge of the forest and spoke without turning his head: “Regardless of they do, they won’t be able to escape here. If I want them to die here, then they would assuredly be dead.”

The disciple merely gave a sneering smile at Conrad’s declaration.

============= Brendel POV ===============

The silence was quickly broken within the quiet forest —

“My lord, do you mean to say you knew that Eke was Duke Lantonrand’s son since the beginning?”

“Of course not, Miss Amandina. I was only suspicious of his identity in the beginning.” Brendel sighed. “But seeing Miss Yula made me certain of that fact. She is not only a Star Seer, her other identity is Eke’s fiancee. I had seen them before in the Black Tower.” (TL: Black Tower probably refers to where the wizards congregate.)

[A lie, of course. I haven’t been to the Black Tower in this world yet. Not that anyone’s going to break my lie anyways. But it’s true that Yula is Eke’s fiancee and the most famous Star Seer in Aouine in the future. At the same time, her capabilities in the battlefield are beyond imagination.]

Brendel clearly remembered that Yula was a Chosen, and her blindness was proof of that. Mother Marsha favored certain humans, but mortals were imperfect and unable to receive such pure divine energy, resulting in a damaged body.

Over Vaunte’s long history, only two Chosens did not have any defects on them. One was the King of Flames, Gatel, and the other future emperor of Madara who possessed the Mercury Staff. The other Chosens might have been famous, but they were still flawed.

[Telling them that Yula would be a Grandmaster Brawler who awakened her Element status and was at a peak level of 115, will be treated like a running joke. She aided the Princess Regent and the Goddess of War to form a stalwart defense against Madara. Right now, her abilities as a Chosen have not awakened yet— Hold on, is there a possibility that she awakens her abilities in this battlefield?]

Brendel wanted Yula’s abilities, but she was already in Eke’s faction and they were still loyal to the Royal faction. The civil war would temporarily shake their loyalty, but the couple ultimately emerged victorious and pledged their support for the Princess Regent. Unfortunately, the two prodigies died in the war and left behind a daughter, Airrah Lantonrand Orphelon, who led the Aouine’s final resistance against Madara.

At that time, Brendel had left the frontlines to join the Knights’ Order, Glace.





Brendel rapid thoughts were interrupted by Amandina’s reply who sounded like she doubted him.

“You mean to say that the fight between these two mercenary groups are a cover for the nobles’ civil war, while Makarov is actually Duke Rhun’s retainer? The Grey Wolves Mercenaries are actually the guards of Eke, and the mercenaries of Paper Cards are hired as assassins?”

“No, the majority of the Grey Wolves Mercenaries probably do not know the real truth behind their commander.” Brendel explained: “When Duke Arreck was in control of the political arena, the entire family of Duke Rhun was nearly wiped out by assassins. I’m sure you have heard of that incident.”

“Yes, the nobles’ blood that was shed on that day caused great political changes in a month. It’s not possible for me to be ignorant of it……” Amandina’s eyes shimmered.

“Duke Rhun knew that the assassination was coming, and he planned to send his only son away. This is the truth behind that incident; he used the deaths of his other family members in order to protect his only child.” Brendel sighed and answered wearily.

Amandina did not respond after listening to Brendel’s explanation. The fights between nobles were bloody and difficult. From a certain point of view, Duke Rhun’s actions were understandable.

Romaine merely glanced around, seemingly disinterested in this topic.

“Then instead of an assassination, they would want to capture his only son to threaten him?” Amandina asked again after a short while.

“Yes, an astute observation.” Brendel praised her: “Duke Rhun is currently the strongest supporter of the royal family, and if someone wants to act against them, they would naturally need to shake this ‘pillar’.”

“That would mean……”

Amandina frowned with worry. Even though a chaotic civil war was an advantage to them, she was still a citizen of Aouine, and did not wish to see the worst outcome happening.

“No more than three months.” Brendel said.

“Makarov also knew about the movements of the Paper Cards and the Disciples of the Black Flames from the beginning? He used his own mercenaries as bait?”





“Most likely.”

The girl took a deep breath and sighed wistfully. The entire Grey Wolves Mercenaries consisted of more than a hundred men and women altogether. There were people who had served Makarov for over a decade.

She understood that being merciless was the only way to survive in a cruel war, but she still felt a certain chill spreading throughout her entire body when she experienced it first hand. She cast a glance at Brendel’s youthful face.

[I wonder if my lord is going to be like them in the future……]

Brendel’s eyes were already placed somewhere else as he prepared himself to solve a troublesome problem.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 85




TL: Some additional info about recent stuff. Skip below to get to the chapter.

[Read more…]

TL: Hey guys, so I’m putting in more time to draw stuff and polish my portfolio to prepare for a job. Thanks to the two people who donated, I have now reached my minimum target of 50 dollars for this month so I can pay the internet bills.

With regards to the TOC thingy, I hear you loud and clear, and that upgrade will probably come during February. I’m planning to draw an image for TAS just like I did for TSTBGAM before moving on to other stuff.

When it comes to translating stuff, I like to vary them. TAS is actually a pretty serious series that can be emotional at times, and TSTBGAM balances it up with crude humor. If I actually had the time, I actually want to take on one more JP series, lol.





I’ll also see if I can set up patreon. I always thought that you can only have one account and I would rather have it on my art, but I now learned that you can have more than one without being faulted for. Thanks for your continued support, everyone.

Chapter 85 – The story of fishes swimming in Chaos (7)

Brendel had been thinking of ways to break through the Tree Shepherds’ plans from the start. Makarov brought them along with the intention to attract the enemies to them, and also the very same plan that doomed the gamers in Brendel’s memory to be utterly wiped out.

[Even though the plan to escape was delayed by the arrival of those two, we managed to escape the ambush. While that cunning fox used this plan to trick the enemies into thinking Eke is amongst us, I’m sure he doesn’t know there’s an Altar here.]

Brendel believed that his own plans were superior to Makarov’s plans, as he was confident in his own experiences that were forged along with other gamers who had spent a lifetime in the game.

The currents of the water had changed, but the fishes swimming in it might not follow the currents.

The gamers who later explored the land found out bits of historical content from the Altar. The monks from the Holy Cathedral of Flames were the first to discover the temple approximately one hundred years ago from the first era of the game, but the records were mysteriously erased as if they never existed.

Amandina glanced at Brendel’s unfocused gaze into the valley, and looked at the direction at where he was looking at. She saw dense tree crowns but was unable to discover anything. She checked his expressions again, only to discover his solemn looks, and forced back her questions into her throat.

She had guessed for herself that Makarov had planned to use them as baits from the very beginning, and was quite furious over his actions. She subconsciously placed Duke Rhun’s and the people associated with him into a list where they were not welcomed.

Brendel continued to lead them down into the valley.

There were two mercenaries who were ahead of Brendel to clear a path for them. Brances and vines were constantly hacked away with their swords, and periodically cast dim light reflected from the stars into the group’s eyes.

Brendel checked the Stats Window and paid 2 Wealth to keep the Card, ‘Mercenaries of Lopes’ to keep them in the field. He currently had 10 Water EP and 150 Wealth.

He suddenly canceled the Stats Window and narrowed his eyes as he discovered the two scouts ahead of him had stopped. They looked at each other as they had discovered something in front of them, then turned their heads to Brendel.

“My lord, there’s something in front…..”

“What is it?” The Nightsong Tiger was the one who responded with a strict voice.

The two scouts were the youngest within the group and had the least experience. He had the intention to train them, but did not expect their inexperience to embarrass him. He moved towards them with large strides as he spoke, almost like he had wanted to cover up the mistakes that his subordinates made.

But he was also stunned when he pushed the shrubberies away to get a better look.

It was an large open clearing that was about the size of three hundred meters wide, and in the center of it stood a temple that was covered with vines.





The Nighsong Tiger raised his head up subconsciously to study the entire temple; he was almost able to imagine how the grand structure would look like under the sun. Even now, he could almost feel how glorious it looked like in the past under the dim light.

Brendel had also gone forward to look at the reason why they stopped.

It was a temple that had tall marble pillars shaped into an arch with intricate patterns carved onto it. It was nearly sixty feet tall and the overall design was certainly a temple to worship the Elven Goddess.

However, many of the Gods had already died and became star constellations, leaving behind only their Will and Laws that shaped this world. The temple had already lost much of its former glory as it lost its divine protection.

“Wow!” Romaine exclaimed.

“This is……” Amandina was also stunned.

“The holy temple of the Silver Elves.” Brendel said.

He had seen much of the grand designs in the game. The Elves and Dwarves’ cities took his breath away when he saw it for the first time.

“This building used to be the burial grounds for the Elven Royal Family. The humans had left them untouched throughout history because they treated them as sacred allies, starting from the timeline of the War of the Holy Saints when they defeated the Dragon of Darkness and continuing unto this day.”

“But why would the burial grounds for the royal family be turned into a temple?” Amandina turned around and asked.

“The ancestral kings of the Silver Elves swore to protect their territory for all eternity. Their Elven Goddess had asked Mother Marsha to allow their souls to forever reside in this land.”

“A ‘Nest’ of Heroes?” She asked again.

Brendel nodded.

“But why did it get abandoned?”

“History states it was due to wars, but in actual truth the Ancestral Kings did not wish to participate in wars between humans. The citizens of Aouine nearly angered Mother Marsha as well because of the civil wars, so the real truth was covereed up.” He cast a meaningful look at Romaine and Amandina: “You won’t find this in any historical text.”

Both of the girls nodded without asking why, as Brendel would have answered ‘This is recorded in the wizards’ historical records!’.

“This Altar might still work.” Brendel’s words stunned everyone.

“””What?”””

“Calm down everyone, it’s just a possibility.” Brendel was certain that the chance to activate the Altar was one hundred percent.

[According to the research done by the gamers, the ‘creatures’ that dwell within can exist for thirty days, which is more than enough to finish the quest here.]

Brendel’s words did not soothe Amandina or the Nightsong Tiger. Both of them were greatly excited of the possibility of the advantages that could have if it still worked. It was as if a treasure chest was in front of them, which could either contain treasures or was actually an empty box.

The Nightsong Tiger licked his lips before he asked Brendel in a low voice. “What are your orders, my lord?”

Brendel turned around and looked at the mercenaries behind him, then pointed at two of them: “Two of you are Elementalists right?”

“Yes, my lord.” They nodded at the same time.

“Do you have men who use the crossbow?”

“Yes.” The Nightsong Tiger immediately picked two more mercenaries out: “Is two enough?”

“Yes.” Brendel took a coiled rope out from his backpack. “Come, the four of you. We need to practice a bit of combat tactics.”

Amandina frowned: “There’s going to be fights?”

“Don’t worry, it’s just a Spectral Knight.” Brendel answered nonchalantly before he saw the Nightsong Tiger’s incredulous face. He looked at him in confusion and asked subconsciously “What’s wrong?”





“M-my lord, did you said ‘Just a…… Spectral Knight’?” The Nightsong Tiger asked with a bizzare look on his face.

Brendel coughed once. He suddenly realized that the Spectral Knight was a level thirty-five Elite Undead which was easily stronger than a Silver-ranked fighter. The gamers had even described the encounter as a ‘mini boss’.

Since then, however, the gamers had researched deeply into finding the weaknesses of the various Undead, and he was easily able to handle the spectral knights even with a lower level with tactical means.

Brendel consoled him: “Don’t worry. The Spectral Knights have a specific weakness. As long as you listen to my commands properly, it’s not difficult to defeat them.”

The Nightsong Tiger looked at his lord, partly doubting his words but also trusting in his knowledge. Any common mercenaries would have fled the area immediately, and they would roared at Brendel with spittle.





‘Are you crazy? Do you have goat shit for brains? A Spectral Knight is one the most terrifying Undead you can encounter! It can move swiftly in the forest like a horse undeterred in the plains, and kill someone without even making a sound! Anyone below the Gold rank should run because it would have fucked us up to our deaths with their weapons!’

The Nightsong Tiger instantly shooed away a voice that crept into his mind. The twelve mercenaries they had here would be easily slaughtered by the enemy, and even if they had twice the numbers, they would also be done in.

However, the mercenaries were summoned by Brendel, so the Nightsong Tiger merely nodded. Amandina observed his fearless attitude and merely served to convince her that he was a loyal retainer.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 86




TL: I should be able to post another chapter in about 5-6 hours, thank you very kindly for the donations. After that I’ll be checking up on my TL for the past chapters.

[Read more…]

TL: Paypal donations open at [email protected]

Chapter 86 – The king and the dead (1)

The Spectral Knight under the moonlight looked like it was a translucent statue made of crystal, glowing faintly from the dusty air. It held a silver spear as it rode on its horse around the temple, which then disappeared from the group’s eyes at the other side of the temple’s wall.

The whole process of the Spectral Knight’s movements were silent. There were no sounds of hooves hitting the ground or the metallic grind from its armor. However, Brendel had already determined the subclass of the Spectral Knight in a few moments and decided on his strategy.





When he looked back at his men, he found thirteen pair of eyes with hesitation, doubt and anxiety. Even the Nightsong Tiger held his breath. Amandina covered her lips and muffled her coughs, trying hard to regain her composure.

The only exception was Romaine, whose eyes were bright from excitement at checking out the temple. Brendel’s heart skipped a beat and warned her to be careful and not to slip away without his consent. In regards to girl who called herself ‘The Great Merchant Romaine’, he was not sure what she would not do.

Brendel fiddled with his thumbs as he grumbled inwardly on how Romaine’s aunt disciplined her to have such a unique personality. He quickly waved away that thought and addressed the mercenaries.

“Our strategy is quite simple,” He brushed away the shrubs and pointed towards a nearby slope: “See that black pine tree? Other than the four people that I requested, I want the rest of you to lay an ambush there. Wait for me to lure the Spectral Knight over and wait for my signal to attack it.”

[[[[That’s it?]]]]

Everyone was stunned.

“But…… just what exactly should we do, my lord?” The Nightsong Tiger asked with doubt creeping into his voice.

[What do you mean by that…… Do you need me to teach you to attack someone when you ambushed him? Just kill it!]

Brendel answered after a split second with an answer: “Just hit him with everything you got……”





He suddenly realized what the problem was.

“Well, imagine this, treat this enemy like he was the one who murdered your wives and children.” Brendel said.

[Murdered my wife and children?] The Nightsong Tiger did not understand.

“But my lord, to tell you the truth, my woman had died long ago during the fight with Kirrlutz.”

Brendel placed his palm over his forehead and sighed.

“Imagine that he owed you a million gold coins to your mercenary group and he intends to evade payment—”

[[[[!!!]]]]

The mercenaries had never been refused payment after they became famous. They looked towards the direction where the Spectral Knight was earlier with bloodshot eyes as if he had murdered everyone they loved. The Nightsong Tiger gripped his axe so hard that it seemed to groan.

“Mother Marsha above! So this Spectral Knight is the same type of horseshit like the people of Anjou! My lord, we swear by Mother Marsha’s name, we will beat that cursed undead till it’s nothing more than a pile of rotting flesh—” He said with a loud voice.

Amandina listened to the Nightsong Tiger’s tirade in embarrassment. Even though there was coarse language used within the nobles’ circle, she rarely heard it used directly in front of her. She gritted her teeth until he was done with his rant, coughed once and asked with a crimson face.

“My lord, the enemy is a Spectral Knight that appears in fables, can we truly defeat it?” She asked.

The Mercenaries of Lopes might have trusted him whole-heartedly, but she was still hesistant of Brendel’s simple plan. If everyone used his method, would it not mean that everyone was capable of handling a Spectral Knight?

[Our group consists of simple mercenaries. There is no great wizard, a Grandmaster Swordsman or even a battlemage. The description of a Spectral Knight requires at least someone with the equivalent of a Gold-ranked fighter, but none of us here are that skill level, not even you, my lord. A simple ambush wouldn’t raise the skill level of anyone here.]

“Of course.” But Brendel’s reply came naturally.

“Why?” She blurted the word out.

“Don’t worry, he wouldn’t be able to attack us, or to be more accurate, he can’t.”

“He can’t?” Amandina’s jaw lowered itself.

[What reason is that? Is the Spectral Knight somehow crippled? Or maybe it’s actually a peace-loving undead?]

She got a little angry at Brendel’s flippant reply, but she was unable to refute him when he had never seemed to fail in his plans. Even the most ridiculous answer like this might somehow come through.





She calmed down a little, but still grumbled in a small voice.

“As your advisor… I can’t accept that explanation, my lord.”

Brendel shrugged as it was not an easy thing to explain.

[It’s rare for a monster to follow a path to patrol, and when it does, it will do so dilligently. It’s quite obvious that this particular Spectral Knight has a strong fixation in this area. However, he has to move within a fixed area. Once it crosses a certain line, it will return to guard its path, regardless of what situation there is.]

Most of the creatures that appeared in the game that patrolled a pathing area were incredibly powerful, and gamers were usually not able to take advantage of their behavior because they were able to attack from incredible distances.

However, this Spectral Knight did not fall into that category. It was limited to a certain attacking range and was unable to leave their position. Brendel was certain that he could do kill the Spectral Knight with this method, and even if it failed, he was certain that he could take it on directly.

The only thing that he was feeling sorry about was the fact that quest mission’s loot tended to be half of the normal encounters, and this world seemed to follow the game’s logic quite closely.

[The game lore states that Mother Marsha sealed this particular Nest in the past. Aouine’s high ranking priests tried to change the oaths that the Elven kings made so they could be used, but the resistance made from the kings made the oaths twisted and turned to negative emotions. Many of the priest died that day as the guardians turned on them. The kingdom stopped providing mana, and all of the evil undead could not be sustained any longer, except one. The temple itself still provide remnants of what little mana it has, so it can only patrol around the area.]

Brendel’s mind reviewed the contents of the history behind this temple. Explaining it would require the knowledge of the Souls and Mana Cores, and these were closely guarded secrets from the Holy Cathedral of Flames. If he tried explaining it to Amandina, she would immediately doubt his real identity.

“Well….. I kind of feel that the Spectral Knight is kind of friendly, maybe he won’t attack us?” He took a few more moments before he answered in a serious tone.

“Lord Brendel.” Amandina took a deep breath.

“Look,” Brendel patted her shoulders: “Relax. Learn from little Romaine. Don’t worry, when have I ever lied?”

[Learn from Romaine?] Amandina turned her head to glance at Romaine. The latter was looking all over the temple, as if she was hoping to see a second Spectral Knight.

“I feel that you’re lying a lot……” Amandina mumbled to herself. Events always turned out the way Brendel said it would as if he had foreseen everything.





Brendel smiled in response, as he knew that she was convinced. He waved to his men to allow them to move out, then approached the Nightsong Tiger and borrowed a heavy crossbow. He felt the materials of the crossbow with his finger, then placed it on the ground with his foot in the cocking stirrup, pulled the string back and placed a bolt on it.

[A treasure amongst any serious gamers.] He remarked to himself.

The Nightsong Tiger kept frowning as he watched Brendel’s strange actions. “My lord, do you want me lure the undead?”

“No, I’m the expert in this.” Brendel patted the heavy crossbow with confidence, making the string tremble greatly, as if the bolt was going to be released any moment.

The Nightsong Tiger looked at him in great dismay. No matter how he looked at him, Brendel appeared to be an amateur, otherwise he would not have said something so impolite. Many nobles took their reputation more seriously than their lives, and it could be perceived as disloyalty to their lords.

But there was the issue of letting Brendel go out to meet his death. Amandina saw his worry as well and asked: “My lord, is there a problem?”

Brendel looked strangely at her: “What problem is there?”

The girl nearly choked to death.

Brendel laughed: “I know what your worries are, but if I find a particular crystal on the Spectral Knight’s, I’ll treat everyone to stay at Ampere Seale’s most expensive inn and drink their fine wines till everyone drops—”

The Nightsong Tiger and Amandina exchanged glances after they looked at Brendel without confidence.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 87




TL: Kind of late again, cough. I’ll be seeing you guys next Wednesday.

[Read more…]

Chapter 87 – The kings and the undead (2)

Brendel smiled and showed off his white teeth when he thought about the Spectral Knight’s Crystal.

[Three Billion Tor. That’s how high a price for the ‘Engraved Spectral Knight’s Crystal’ was sold for in the auctions. Even up to the second era in the game, there were only a few pay-to-win gamers who could afford this artifact. The chances to get it is incredibly rare, up to the 7th decimal point as a loot drop. Nope, it’s definitely impossible to get this item.]

He slung the crossbow over his shoulder and asked: “Do you have magic bolts?”





“”Yes.”” The two Elementalists immediately answered. There were female twin Elves, with grey-orange long hair neatly braided into thin strands behind their pointy ears. Brendel recognized them as Wild Elves from the Orrgesh region. When he was still a member of ‘The Godly Force’ guild, he had spent a long time fighting the undead and was familiar with the natives there.

The Wild Elves were the children of the female goddess, Gaia, and were closely related to the Rock Dwarves. Their customs were quite similar, and the Wild Elves were closely attuned as Hunters and Elementalists, as well as Woodsman Knights. These three professions had strong attacking stats, and it was quite easy to recognize their daring exploits.

When the Fourth King of Kirrlutz invaded the Lopes’ capital, he suffered a great deal of pain under their defense. Even though he won in the end, he paid a great price, till the point where the people of Kirrlutz bore hatred for the Wild Elves.

It was also because of their nature that many of the Wild Elves permeated the human mercenaries, allowing the formation of Mercenaries of Lopes.

“My lord, which type of bolts do you wish to have?” The older twin with a sharper chin and paler skin asked with a melodious voice.

“Bolts of Ice and Wind, how many of these two bolts can you create altogether?”

“If I use all my magic, I can create ten.”

“I can create six.” The younger twin answered with a crisp voice.

“Good,” Brendel cut them off: “Give me seven each for the two types I asked for, then give me two Bolts of Guidance.”

The two sisters exchanged puzzled looks with each other, then back at their lord. In the end the older sister asked with a small voice: “My lord, I understand if you wanted the Bolts of Binding Wind and Bolts of Shattering Ice, but isn’t the Bolt of Guidance paired with an additional Magic property?”

Bolts that were created with magic could have multiple properties applied to them, especially when if higher ranking magic was used. If someone wasted the usage of a Dragon-Slaying Bolt, that would be a great loss. Therefore the Bolts of Guidance would have a prefix usually placed in front, and the most common type of such bolts was the Fire Bolts of Guidance.





The only time when the Bolts of Guidance were typically used, was when the nobles who wanted to cheat during a hunting competition—

Brendel answered with a cheerful smile.

“Don’t worry, the both of you just need to follow what I asked for. When you’re done, go behind the back and rest alongside with Amandina and Romaine. You can leave the battle ahead to the other mercenaries.”

The older sister nodded. Even though she had her doubts, she knew that her lord was overly confident and incredibly stubborn, and wisely chose to not question his decisions. However, her sister frowned deeply and asked: “But, my lord—”

“Tia.” The older sister shouted with strictness in her voice.

Tia looked at her older sister in surprise, understood her intentions, and ceased any thoughts of speaking again.

Brendel’s eyes went wide for a moment.

[Surely…… These are real people. Though all of them here are summoned from a card, they had their own judgment, memories and feelings. Even Amandina thought they are truly my retainers.]

Brendel thought about Ciel’s sacrifice for a moment, and a bitter smile formed on his lips.

[Did I appear like a cold and cruel lord? Am I not smiling enough in front of them? The sisters’ reactions feel like they are treading carefully around me. Surely there isn’t a huge misunderstanding somewhere right?]

He suddenly turned his head back and saw Amandina trying to suppress his giggles while Romaine was smiling freely at him, as if they were watching a great show.

[Am I still your lord? What’s with your attitudes!] Brendel grumbled in his mind but tried to squeeze a cheerful smile.

“Don’t worry about it…….” He said to the girls.

The bolts were quickly handed over to him after a short while. Brendel required only half of them back in his world, but he made sure to be cautious because there was no second try in this world.

[Two Elementalists of the Second Circle would not be able to help out much in the battle ahead, so it’s good to allow them to rest now and prepare for any unforseen events later on.]

He placed each bolt to the holding area of the heavy crossbow to allow the quick access to them. He raised his head and found the mercenaries to be in place. He was more relaxed now that the mercenaries followed his orders carefully, but the Nightsong Tiger crunched his already weathered face into further furrows and wrinkles as he observed his lord’s actions.

“I already said everything is going to be fine, Commander.” Brendel sighed.

No matter how much he explained, the Nightsong Tiger refused to leave his side. He had the same concern as Ciel had, and if there was any danger that arose, he would be able to sacrifice himself to give Brendel enough time to escape.

“My lord, please allow me to accompany you. Even if I am to perish, you can still revive me. Please treat me like a shield.” The Nightsong Tiger answered without any fear.





[Revive, revive. Hear, hear, that would mean that I have to pay an additional maintenance fee for you and I have to wait an additional day to resummon you, Ser Nightsong Tiger!]

Brendel listened to his reasoning with exasperation and humor. He looked back at Amandina and Romaine, making sure there were far enough where Romaine was unable to hear them, before whispering to the Nightsong Tiger in the softest voice possible.

“Do your men know about the Planeswalker’s magic to revive you?”

The Nightsong Tiger shook his head: “Each Card of Fates has its own core, or you can think of them as the leader. My men are branches of the main core, and within this card, I am the core who helps the Planeswalker maintain the branches and attach this card to another related card or magic.”

“There’s a setting like that?” Brendel furrowed his brows as he thought of something: “That would mean each ‘Core’ has their different knowledge about the Planeswalker?”

“Yes, and it has something to do with the cards themselves.”

“Then do you know how to get a card out of the Graveyard?”

“The Black Cards are mysterious and could easily shift out of life and death. If you wish to use a strategy around fishing the cards out of a Graveyard, then you would probably need to acquire the cards with Dark Elements. Such cards are typically found in swamps, graves, or places with the undead like to gather.” (TL: Some terms are a little fuzzy to me, so I need to check exactly what terms were used.)

Brendel nodded and prepared his bow.

“Very well. You can stay here, but do not make any sudden moves.” He gazed on the derelict temple beneath the cold moonlight.

[It probably has been two hundred years since any sentient life entered here, ever since the citizens of Aouine left this place behind.]

His thoughts strayed a little as he checked the time. In the game, luring a monster was a considerable skill, and pro-gamers were able to predict their path down to their position. Against monsters with lower intelligence, remembering the path was sufficient, against sentient monsters, it was a battle between wits.

Brendel had never stopped practicing this particular skillset, even though it was mostly a job that Hunters took. However, a party was sometimes found lacking of such a profession, and as a Warrior, it was expected to have some experience in luring.

“Eight, seven……” He muttered to himself.

The Nightsong Tiger did not understand what he was counting. His actions were completely bizarre to the natives of this world.

With the advancement of the technology in the world, the artificial intelligence in the game had reached to a point where they accurately mimicked humans. However, the gamers still perceived them as numbers and data to a certain extent, and calculated their actions like a precision machine to perceive fluctuations in the data.





Everything had their own rules.

Brendel estimated the remaining time, and the crossbolt’s trigger was pressed with his finger. The first bolt notched into the crossbow was an ordinary bolt, which sang across the air with a shrilling scream, parting the misty air into two as it flew in an arc to the temple’s grounds covered with shadow.

“Six, five……”

The noise from the bolt immediately attracted the attention of the hostile undead, appearing quickly to the sides of the temple to investigate.

[Here he comes!] The Nightsong Tiger was tense as he gripped his axe tightly.

But Brendel threw away his heavy crossbow and took out a shortbow which hung from his waist belt, another incomprehensible action in the Nightsong Tiger’s eyes.

Brendel merely signed with his hand.

‘Retreat, now!’



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 88




TL: I haven’t been feeling very good recently, mind fog and high heart rate, and I had to lie down and sleep last weekend. In the end I went to see a doctor to do some basic tests. I’ll know the results a week later.

But it’s good news for you guys since it takes some brain power for me to draw things. I don’t want to do nothing so I’ll be translating a bit more for today and tomorrow.

[Read more…]

TL: Suggested music track from Chapter 88 to 91.

Chapter 88 – The Kings and the dead (3)

The Spectral Knight immediately discovered the arrow’s flight and turned its horse silently. It raised its lance as the horse charged across the land, splitting the misty night apart and leaving dust behind it.

Brendel’s reaction was instant; he pushed the Nightsong Tiger away and rolled to his side. Three loud crashes resounded throughout the forest as the Spectral Knight smashed through with a vortex of air in front of it, destroying everything in its path.

The enemy thrust out its lance to clear the debris on it. A path as wide as ten feet had been gouged out, and both Brendel and the Nightsong Tiger had narrowly escaped its charge.

[Fuck, Vortex Strike?! Are you fucking kidding me? You used an ultimate skill right off the bat?!]

Brendel swiftly wiped the cold sweat on his forehead and got up immediately. He discovered the Spectral Knight had raised its right hand and acted on his foreboding feeling. The Vortex Strike had the same effect as the White Raven Sword Arte as an Area of Effect attack.

[If we didn’t escape in time that would be the end of us—]

The Nightsong Tiger was overwrought with frayed nerves as well. He had heard of rumors about how terrifying the Spectral Knight could be, but when he came to face it, he discovered that it was even beyond imagination.

He spat onto the ground, thinking to himself that he still had to fight like a greenhorn at his age. He suddenly realized he had not checked on Brendel, and immediately turned to his direction, fearing the worst, but the youth had a resolute face that did not seem to falter even after the frightening attack.

He took a deep breath.

“We can’t defeat it!” He shouted to Brendel. He was still a veteran mercenary, and he quickly gauged the difference between the enemy and their forces.





Brendel merely signaled him to be silent. His eyes trained onto the enemy carefully, studying the designs and patterns of the gothic armor. It was the crystallization of the old grandmasters in Vaunte’s history, and the armor was glimmering with faint light. Even the horse was wearing heavy metal armor and he would not be able to cut through it with a sword. The long lance that was pointing on the ground seemed to extend its length with a dazzling brightness, with the Spectral Knight gripping tightly onto it.

[The Spectral Knight’s Element type is causing my eyes to fail in discerning its length…]

When any profession reached the Gold-rank, they would more or less display their Element type, and while the Spectral Knight had not reached that level, it was an Elite creature that rivaled a Gold-ranked fighter.

The Nightsong Tiger got up to his feet in a rush to try and stop Brendel’s next action and pull him back. In his eyes, Brendel was utterly mad as they were completely not the match of the monster, and its prowess had gone beyond a normal Gold-rank fighter.

Brendel ignored his shouts and notched a silver bolt onto the crossbow, took aim, and released it.

The Bolt of Ice flew just across the Spectral Knight’s head and exploded onto a tree. A silver mist of ice slightly grazed the monster’s left shoulder and left a touch of frost on it.

Brendel blushed a little and coughed to hide his embarrassment. Due to his strained nerves, he had forgotten that he was merely proficient in the weapon in his current state, and no longer the expert warrior in the past.

Even so, the meager damage had actually caused the Spectral Knight to miss its marks by a centimeter. It had actually raised its lance to attack and a silver line of light swept across both their heads just after Brendel attacked it.

When the Nightsong Tiger quickly turned his head behind, he was in time to witness the trees’ crowns lopped off and falling down to leave behind the tall stumps. His mouth went wide and he nearly lost his ability to breath. This level of strength had gone beyond what he knew was normal and he wondered if the trees were actually packed with explosives instead.





Brendel saw that the Nightsong Tiger did not notice his problem with accuracy and relaxed a little. It would be a disastrous result if the mercenary commander suddenly tried to interfere with his actions at this point.

[Ten seconds. Using Vortex Strike two times in a row requires a great amount of Soul Fire, and he’s going to be on cooldown.]

He notched another bolt into his crossbow and extended the amount of time to aim.

The Nightsong Tiger had regained his senses and could only watched him helplessly as the youth half knelt like a statue without moving, while the Spectral Knight rode slowly towards the youth. It was akin to suicide in his eyes.

The second Bolt of Ice was released after three seconds and exploded around the Spectral Knight’s waist, causing the mist of ice to cover more than half of its body. Brendel confirmed the damage with the Window Stats in his eyes, and dealt 13 points of damage, as well as slowing the attack speed and recovery by 12.5%.

[The effects have not changed as compared to the game.]

Brendel sighed with relief as he noted the changes, while his hands did not stop reloading the bolts. Normal physical attacks were considerably weakened against Spectral Creatures, but weapons imbued with magic bypassed such defenses. If the twin Elementalists had higher levels, the effects could go up to 50% with a single strike.

[4 more bolts left.]

“There’s actually an effect?” The Nightsong Tiger’s experience also allowed him to perceive the difference as the Spectral Knight slowed down.

“Stop stating the obvious.” Brendel heard his mutterings and snapped at him. He was annoyed at the mercenary for causing him to have a harder time.

“But my lord! We are still not his match even if you slow him down—”

“And?” Brendel started to move back as the Spectral Knight rode towards him.

“We should leave this place. Compared to this monster, I would rather fight with the Black Disciples!”

Brendel could not be bothered with his yells and threw a bundle of magic bolts at him. The Nightsong commander received it with a questioning look: “What are these for?”

“Are you here to help me or drag me down?” The Nightsong Tiger’s face turned slightly red, but he kept grumbling in his heart about his lord being an hopeless idiot or a fearless fool. However, he was a renowned mercenary and would rather obey than to disregard his orders.

Brendel shot out his third bolt and missed, but his fourth bolt struck the Spectral Knight’s right shoulder and turned his armor to be covered with a thick layer of ice, and was even more effective the previous bolt, causing it to now move slower by thirty percent. The Nightsong Tiger was secretly delighted to see that the enemy to be affected, but Brendel quickly called for him to retreat to the location of their planned ambush.

The Nightsong Tiger’s eyes nearly popped out when he saw that the Spectral Knight suddenly began to accelerate in spite of its rigid movements. It was almost comical to look at, but he felt like his blood was turning to ice because he was convinced that it was going to do the very first strike that it did again.

However, it was merely a Charge skill and not a combined Vortex Strike with a Charge skill.

Brendel also used his Charge skill.

The human and the undead streaked across the forest. It was a surreal sight where two lines were drawn across a canvas filled with trees, continuously extending themselves while time seemed to stop. Brendel fled in a manner that made use of quick twists and turns, while the Spectral Knight was forced to follow him in an awkward manner because of its mount.





When Brendel finally stopped, the Nightsong Tiger who had ran in a straight line nearly found himself at a loss for words.

“My lord, that’s—” The Nightsong Tiger shouted to Brendel who was considerably close to him.

“The Charge skill. It’s a technique that all knights should learn.” Brendel glanced at him: “As a Mercenary of Lopes, surely you would know this at least.”

“No, my lord, I want to ask how did you know that it would use a Charge skill at that moment.”

“Oh? When I was at the Orrgesh region, my primary job was to fight against Spectral Knights. Did I not mention this before?” Brendel quipped.

The truth was Brendel was also quite afraid as he felt his heart beating loudly all the way to his throat. The Spectral Knight had traveled a ridiculous amount of distance during its first attack and they were nearly a hundred meters apart from each other, but it had been reduced to no more than fifty meters.

[The error of margin is no more than a meter…] Brendel peeped behind him. Beneath the Spectral Knight’s mask laid two white flames for its eyes and it looked directly at him, seemingly puzzled as to who the intruder was.

Brendel shuddered slightly. He found that he was relying purely on instinct rather than experience because the enemy was much faster than he expected.

================ Amandina’s POV =============

Amandina gasped softly when she saw the two lines charging across the forest. The mercenaries behind her were completely silent and taken in by the sight where Brendel seemed to always stay one step ahead at turning at the best possible moment, as if he had eyes behind his back who constantly kept watch of the Spectral Knight. The chase only lasted for a few seconds, but they recognized the significant amount of danger that Brendel was in.

Romaine bit her lips as she watched with excited eyes at Brendel’s escape.

“If every Highland Knight youth in Karsuk is capable of such feats, then Aouine would be one of the strongest kingdom!” Amandina drew in a deep breath: “My lord… You’re a liar—”





================= Brendel’s POV ==================

But Brendel was not in an optimistic position like she thought. The Spectral Knight’s Soul Fire was being replenished again, and the Vortex Strike was not only the trump card that it had. He quickly signaled to the Nightsong Tiger and they made their way to the mountain’s valley, where they would gain a greater advantage because the sharp rocks affected the Spectral Knight’s horse.

“Nightsong Tiger.”

“Yes, my lord.”

“Prepare to use the Bolts of Wind.”

“What?”

Brendel pointed to the Spectral Knight’s horse, and the Nightsong Tiger quickly understood after a short pause. Even though the latter kept rejecting the idea to fight with the monster, he found himself ready to engage it.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 89




TL: 2nd Chapter. I have translated the chapters till the end of the mini boss. A few things to note, quality might drop a little, and I’m not too sure about the title for the chapters (it is never stated whether there are king(s) or not. It might be just one king.

[Read more…]

Chapter 89 – The Kings and the dead (4)

The Spectral Knight raised its spear for the third time, moving much slower than before, and the Nightsong Tiger shot a bolt before it was ready to attack. The sky-blue Bolt of Wind struck the Spectral Knight’s horse from the front, and trails of colored wind wrapped around its hooves.

The binding magic was effective, and both the Spectral Knight and its mount were slowed down once again.

[-12.7%]





Brendel immediately pulled the Nighsong Tiger to safety while he read the effective data. The Spectral Knight’s attack had landed on their original positions.

[That projectile was almost spot on for accuracy. For someone who has the stats of just an Iron-ranked fighter, the Mercenaries of Lopes are quite impressive indeed. Right now the distance we have is giving me enough time to read his moves, and we just need to lead him to the ambush.]

The ambush was no more than fifty meters away. Brendel believed that the effects of the bolts were going to last more than two minutes, which gave them enough time to lure it.

The Spectral Knight thrust its lance after missing the third Vortex Strike. The lance’s stab through the air seemed to create a vaccum, which created an explosion of air rushing to fill its void, distorting the vision of the nearby trees into a maelstrom, causing them to break and crunch loudly, with the void rushing towards the two men.

Brendel quickly dragged the Nightsong Tiger behind the cover of the largest boulder while he summoned the Magic Control card in his hand. (TL: Magic Control, a Planeswalker’s card that seizes control of a magic.)

[This time it’s Seismic Blast. Let’s see if this still works.]

The card lit up brightly and the blast of air was directed back at the Spectral Knight, causing its body to shake massively. Brendel saw that it did more than three hundred damage and chortled in his mind. The thrusting of the lance made it seemed like a physical attack, but the gamers eventually discovered that it was Soul magic, and countered it by sealing off such properties to render it useless.

Because the Magic Control card was a counter-magic spell, he thought that it might work. The damage caused it to lose a third of its health, and Brendel was certain that it entered into a Stunned state, and would enter Stage Two of its boss phase. Brendel quickly pulled the Nightsong Tiger to his feet and they started to run to the location of the ambush.

The intelligence stat of the undead Spectral Knight was considerably high, so he was also certain that it would not use the same attack again.

When the Spectral Knight shrugged off its Stunned status, the two men had already reached the ambush point with shallow breaths. They were pushed to their utmost limits from the very start. Even though the entire exchange was done in less than thirty seconds, they were starting to get tired. Brendel’s forehead was full of perspiration, which was no better than his own.

The Nightsong Tiger was certain that the Spectral Knight had not shown off its full prowess, so he looked at Brendel and wondered what other tricks he had that could reverse the situation.





Everyone at the ambush’s location was also thinking of the same thing.

The Elementalists twins felt their limbs were turning cold when they saw the Spectral Knight made its first attack. The level of how it fought was beyond any battles they had before, and the strength that it had was beyond common sense. The younger sister even trembled as the older sister hugged her tightly, with both of them gritting their teeth and staying where they were. Any other mercenaries would surely have run away.

There was an infamous incident in the game where the gamers incited a war against the NPCs against the Kirrlutz’s White Lucerne city with a population of five hundred thousand. Eleven Gold-ranked gamers fought in the war and caused half of the city to be destroyed. Even though the gamers were routed at the end, the damage that was caused by these high ranking adventurers were fully shown.

Every kingdom eventually tightened the control of such adventurers after that incident.

The damage of the Spectral Knight that it caused with the Seismic Blast silenced Amandina. The unending might of the Spectral Knight appeared like it could distort nature, and even though it was an illusion, it made her feel nothing but despair.

The Spectral Knight started to charge forward towards Brendel once again, covering an immense distance in a short period of time, and everyone held their breaths.

But a miracle seemed to happen.

The Spectral Knight suddenly stopped after charging through a certain point. It raised its head and stared at the two men in front of it, then attacked with its lance twice, causing two blasts of wind pressure to sweep across them.

The two currents of air rushed forward and caused deep gullies, forcing the nearby trees to bend and groan, but before it could strike Brendel and the Nightsong Tiger, they vanished.

[[[[[What?]]]]]

The Spectral Knight paced back and forth against an invisible line, swinging its spear again and again, trying to slay the two men in front of it, but it was quickly proven that it was pointless to do so. Everyone started to wonder if Mother Marsha had given her blessings to their lord.

Amandina was initially surprised but she quickly became suspicious of how the events turned out.

Romaine was also in a state of nervousness, and she sighed with relief and showed a faint smile.

[Auntie, little Romaine has an outstanding sweetheart—]

The mercenaries started to cheer loudly, while the Nightsong Tiger looked at Brendel in disbelief. Brendel had not relaxed in the slightest. He had estimated the distance correctly but the battle was not over.

“Everyone is to enter the attacking range of the Spectral Knight.”

And everyone looked at him in disbelief.

“My lord, isn’t this good enough? We can hit him without being worried that he would hurt us!” One of the mercenaries said, while a few others took out their crossbow and prepared to aim at it. They were somehow worried that their lord had gone half mad.

“My lord……” The Nightsong Tiger began to speak.

“These are my orders! Are you going to obey them, or not?” Brendel roared loudly. The situation was not as simple as the mercenaries thought. Perhaps they thought that the undead was unintelligent, but if the situation continued as it was, the Spectral Knight would return to the temple.

He was the first to move into the attacking range of the Spectral Knight, which quickly reacted by slashing its lance in his direction. While he nimbly avoided the attacks, he shot another Bolt of Ice and caused damage to it.

Even though the mercenaries were unwilling to fight within its range, they still moved in once they saw Brendel did so. With the cumulative effects of the magic bolts, they were able to avoid the slow ranged attacks made by the undead monster.





The undead monster kept striking at them but it did not use the powerful Seismic Blast, and the Vortex Strike was continously interrupted by Brendel and the Nightsong Tiger. The mercenaries were delighted to see that the enemy could not reach them as they continued to scurry around it like rats, poking and hurling their projectiles at it, completely disregarding their image on how unsightly and cowardly they were acting.

The Nightsong Tiger could only expressed his astonishment in his heart. If the prowess of the Spectral Knight was beyond his imagination, the fight they had right now was the most bizarre he ever had.

Brendel was feeling a little smug when he saw the Nightsong Tiger’s expression. The gamers had spent countless hours trying to bend the rules in the game, and the endless creativity they had created numerous strategies in the virtual world. In his former life, there was a well-known meme:

‘The more freedom a gamer has, the more cheats they possess.’





They would always seek the easiest solution to solve a problem and never stick to common sense. If any resources and advantages were available, they would use it in order to defeat the enemies beyond their means.

Brendel believed in such a creed. They represented the crystallization of wisdom that would allow him to progress through the darkness and conquer this world that was full of difficulties and pain. He took out the remaining Bolts of Ice and tossed them to the mercenary commander.

“My lord?” The Nightsong Tiger was confused.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 90




TL: 3rd chapter.

[Read more…]

Chapter 90 – The kings and the dead (6)

“I’m going to go behind his back.” Brendel replied.

The Spectral Knight was not going to stick around till it was finally killed by the cowardly mercenaries. Brendel checked on the HP of the monster and quickly prepared ahead. Once it reached about ten percent of its health, it would retreat decisively, and he could not allow his prey to escape.

“My lord, that’s too dangerous.” The Nightsong Tiger looked blankly at Brendel for a second before he guessed what he was about to do and tried to stop him: “Let me do it for you.”

“You know what I’m about to do?” Brendel’s incredulous reply came.

“You can teach me, my lord,” He answered earnestly: “We’re your loyal men, and you should leave this to us.”

“… I wish I can leave it to you as well,” Brendel smiled as he took out the long rope that was prepared earlier: “Sadly, you can’t do this task.”

“Why, my lord?”





“Do you know alchemy?”

The Nightsong Tiger’s mouth opened wordlessly before he rolled his eyes.

Brendel truly did not wish to do it personally. It was always up to him to clear up some form of mess in the past, but he had been worried about it every time he did so. Any mistakes here would not mean that he lost a level but death. The only safety line for him was the Unyielding talent, and as long as he protected his heart and head well, he could at least have a chance to survive, or at least write his final will.

The battle persisted for some time. The mercenaries used fortified crossbows that were banned, but most nobles closed an eye when it came to their usage. It was highly uncommon for most citizens because the people required at least 5 OZ in strength to use it properly, yet the damage done to the Spectral Knight was almost negligible.

In addition to that, the armor that it wore was resistant to physical attacks. The only time where it truly took damage was when the bolts struck critical points of the armor, but the Spectral Knight was not a wooden doll that sat there quietly. Despite the loss in speed from the debilitating effects from the magic bolts, it was still agile enough to avoid most of the projectiles.

Brendel was not in a particular hurry. The Nightsong Tiger had enough magic bolts to make the Spectral Knight weakened for at least ten minutes. With that amount of time, a dozen Iron-ranked mercenaries would deal enough damage to a Boss-level creature for it to retreat, and the current enemy was only an Elite-level undead.

He slipped quietly behind its back while it was distracted by the mercenaries. The distance he took was neither far nor near, about half a soccer field. It was the perfect balance for him. If he was any closer, the undead creature might notice him, if he was any further, his accuracy might drop too much.

His goal was not to backstab it. Even if he attacked the Spectral Knight, the damage done would not be effective to finish off the remaining 10% HP.

[If I am already at a Silver-rank, if I already learned some form of bow-related skill, if I managed to land a critical hit, just maybe……] (TL: Silver rank = Over level 31)





Brendel’s mind wandered a little as he explored the possibility of a backstab, but it was never going to work.

He glanced at the battlefield one more time before he concentrated on his task. The silence was deafening in this area compared to the battlefield. He parted the foliage and drew an Alchemy Magic Circle on the ground with his longsword.

Tamar would have persuaded Brendel not to do it if he saw what the youth was doing. After the Alchemy Magic Circle was drawn, he drew a Blood Magic Formation which was going to strip away his health.

He placed the rope onto the Magic Circle along with the Soul Crystal he took from the intermediate-ranking necromancer at Fortress Riedon. Brendel lamented over the usage of it. It was not going to be easy to get something like this again until many years later. There was no better replacement for it, otherwise he would not have wasted such a rare material.

He cut his finger with the longsword and dropped it onto the formation, and his heart tightened greatly. Brendel felt his vitality drain, and the Stats Window reported a loss of half of his health. Brendel had tried to prepare himself for it, but he still got a shock over how much health he lost.

He rubbed his forehead a little and was thankful that the Soul Crystal was not of a higher quality. If it was, he might have been sucked dry. But that notion suddenly made him remember that thing in his bag. He flipped it open and a golden light poured out from it. The light glowed and dimmed with rhythm, almost like it was an actual heart. (TL: The Golden Demonic Tree’s fruit, The Golden Apple. In case anyone was wonderin.)

Brendel sighed. This was a secret that he had not told anyone. He was certain that there was someone who placed it in his bag. What he did not understand was who the person was. At best they were mere acquaintances, but why would that person do something like this?

[What motive is there for that person to this… To make me a scapegoat? Or to test me?]

Brendel felt unhappy when he thought about it. This thing was highly important to some people, but it was not of much use to him. He needed about four more levels to reach level 25 and allow him to activate the second talent, and this thing in his bag was not something he needed. After a few moments of pondering, he still did not arrive at any plausible answer and quickly returned to reality.

His biggest trouble was still the Spectral Knight, and any other matters could be solved later.

He focused on the transmuted object in the Magic Circle. The ordinary rope had turned completely black and even gave out a shimmer from time to time. It looked quite impressive and he was reminded of a shiny new pair of handcuffs.

Brendel mocked himself for thinking of that. This was clearly a horrifying product of alchemy. It was merely a simple rope infused with the energy from a Soul Crystal. Because the quality of the Soul Crystal was so high, it actually turned out to look like this.





[If Tamar was to see this… He would come after me with his legendary scythe— Wait, he hasn’t reached the grandmaster status yet.]

Brendel corrected himself as he stood up to watch the battlefield again. The Spectral Knight had managed to graze a few mercenaries when Brendel was not there to interrupt it. They were bleeding slightly, but in exchange they became even more cautious than before. Just like Brendel had predicted, the battle took close to ten minutes before the Spectral Knight finally retreated.

Its upper body creaked loudly as the armor was hindered by the ice. The Nightsong Tiger shot the final Bolt of Ice at it, covering it with another layer of ice, but the speed at which it fled was beyond their belief.

[The Charge skill.] Brendel remarked to himself.





The Nightsong Tiger’s quick reactions allowed him to fire another Bolt of Wind, but the effect was not any better as it continued to speed away. The mercenaries wanted to pursue it, but the Nightsong Tiger stopped them. It was too dangerous for them to cross that invisible line. Once they did so, the undead monster was free to attack them directly without restrictions.

He was certain that his mysterious lord was planning something to stop it, and he simply cast his eyes into the forest.

Indeed, two dazzling bolts shot out one after another, causing two white lines to extend out in the dark forest— Such was the sight before him.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 91




TL: Sorry for the mistakes guys, it was my umatrix extension (that I recently installed to combat ads) which blocked off wordpress scripts and caused an issue.

[Read more…]

Chapter 91: The Kings and the dead (6)

“The Bolts of Accuracy!” The twin Elementalists spoke at the same time. They were the ones who made the Magic Bolts and clearly the best people to recognize what the bolts were. The Bolts of Accuracy were uniquely imbued with Light Magic, and even the other mercenaries could make a guess.

But they did not understand what their lord was attempting to do with the magic bolts. There was no difference in damage even if a normal bolt was used. What was different was the accuracy.

[Is there some weakness somewhere on the monster?] One of the mercenaries thought.

However, the bolts nailed themselves deeply onto two giant trees with two dull thuds, completely disappearing from sight.

“Hold on…… The bolts are off their marks?” One of them said.

Everyone had a strange thought. A few even expressed showed disbelief as to how someone could actually missed their marks with the Bolts of accuracy, but they were quickly interrupted by the sharpshooters in the group.

“Look closer, do you see that—”

“Is that a line?”





“No, it looks like a rope.”

They finally saw that there was a rope connected to the bolts at a person’s chest height.

[[[Anti cavalry rope trap!]]]

They were quickly surprised by Brendel’s ingenuity, but some of the magic savvy men pointed out that the Spectral Knight was a spirit creature, which was resistant against physical objects and hardly effective.

The Spectral Knight noticed the bolts and charged towards Brendel’s direction without considering it as a trap. Unfortunately it did not expect the rope to actually work against it. The black ropes emitted black light as the Spectral Knight approached it. A living warhorse of considerable strength might actually break it apart, but the Soul Energy in the rope was incredibly effective against the Spectral Knight.

That unexpected barrier threw it off its mount and its entire body was launched straight into the air. Brendel had waited for that moment where it was helpless in the air. The agility it had on its mount was too high for him to aim properly, but now he was able to attack it without fail.

“Flamme!” Brendel raised the ruby ring towards the Spectral Knight. Red light poured forth like a laser from the ruby ring after a short delay and struck the Spectral Knight’s chest.

It was as if any other light sources dimmed and the surroundings turned darked. Flames with the intensity of the sun’s brightness flared from the center of the Spectral Knight. An explosive blast resounded throughout the whole forest that even Brendel had to cover his ears. The surroudings of the Spectral Knight had completely evaporated while the sandy ground turned into glass.

The foliage that was further away had turned black and was smoking from the intense heat.

“Oss!” Brendel followed up with another merciless attack with his other ring and a blast of wind directly struck the Spectral Knight. The air distorted as the blast of wind struck the Spectral Knight before the sound reached Brendel’s ears.

The mercenaries watched the events unfold in stunned silence. The younger Elementalist muttered to herself: “Fireball, Wind Blast, is our lord a Silver-ranked Elementalist……”

The older sister combed her hair neatly after it was affected by the gust of wind: “The magic came from artifacts.”

Her voice did not disguise the surprise she had. They had won the battle without anyone dying and got away with mild injuries.

Brendel confirmed it with the Stats Window. He had successfully risen by two levels.

[Two more levels before I can select the next talent. The first talent decides the different physical attributes, while the second talents dictates that path of what a character can take on in the future. It’s the most important talent amongst the others.]





“It’s a pity that the fireball magic takes time to activate. If it’s an instant spell I wouldn’t have to pull off all these stunts.” Brendel sighed as he watched the burning trees. The flames would soon die down as they were made from magical properties.

He made a long sigh and drank thirstily from his waterskin. This battle was not as exhausting as the ones he had earlier, where he found it hard to even lift a finger. However this was highly dependent on being flawless in executing the strategy, and every mistake caused him to shake in fright.

His reflection on the battle quickly turned into shock as he found that the Spectral Knight did not turn into dust. It was lying quietly on the ground as the mount stopped beside, nuzzling against its hand.

The Soul Fire slowly disappeared on both the Spectral Knight and the mount at different speeds. The glowing armors on them started to crack, before vanishing into the air like tufts of smoke, revealing the body under the heavy armor.

“A unicorn?!” Brendel first identified the mount.

He gaped at the transformation of the supposedly evil beast, revealing a body with bristling muscles that could only belong to the fittest warhorse. A single horn was adorned on its forehead which easily disclosed its identity.

[— Wait, but doesn’t the legends in Vaunte state that only the purest of maidens can ride a unicorn?]

He turned his head to look down, and spat out the water in his mouth. Some of it even went into his nose and made him cough uncontrollably. The armor that covered the Spectral Knight had completely disappeared, and a young Elven girl was lying there like a sleeping princess dressed with an finely tailored dress, or perhaps to be more accurate it was the spirit of the Elven girl that was there.

A silver seal was still present on her forehead, which signified that she had not became an adult as according to the Elven customs, perhaps one who was unfortunate enough to die early. Brendel’s pupils narrowed in utter dismay as he realized what he had been fighting against.

[A young girl?! That was…… what we were fighting against?]

Brendel was seized with mental anguish as memories of the past came flooding back. The drowning blood scents of iron-rust and distressing screams as the slave merchants slaughtered the gamers and NPCs one by one, till they were finally routed. Did it not resemble the same actions they took when Brendel led his men to slay this undead monster?

Everyone else had came up with the intention to congratulate Brendel as they approached him, but once they saw the real figure of the enemy they had fought, they were taken by surprise.

“This……” The Nightsong Tiger looked at the translucent sprit and did not know what words to utter.

Amandina was also startled, and she breathlessly asked: “…… That thing from before…… Is her?”

Brendel gritted her teeth as he nodded.





It might have been quite inconceivable that a young girl was capable of the feats that she did earlier, but that was the truth. In the back of his mind, he had faintly thought of the possibility of the idea that it was some corruption of a former Elven king that made it turn into a Spectral Knight, but seeing it as the girl in front of him made him shudder.

Amandina frowned but accepted the explanation.

“Do we kill her?” A small voice asked.

Brendel turned to the voice and found that it was the younger Elementalist. The older sister only furrowed her brows, but it was clear that both of them were conflicted over the decision to kill a fellow Elf.

The Silver Elves and Wild Elves were quite different. The Wild Elves had sunny dispositions, were kind and agreeable. They got along with humans more so than many other races, and even stayed in the human cities, as well as marrying them.

But the Silver Elves were aloof and the true lineage of the noble Elves, stayed faithfully to the prophecies and avoid the material world, giving the world a mysterious and venerated image. They were usually taller than the humans, having lithe figures and graceful actions. They were the earliest descriptions of ‘nobles’ and seemed unreachable like the moon.

Such was the difference between the pair of twin Wild Elves and the spirit of the Silver Elf lying before them.





Brendel felt a pair of eyes on him, and he turned towards Romaine. She seemed to ask the same question, but she yearned to hear the answer she expected the most.

Brendel licked his lips nervously and shook his head. He turned his gaze back at the spirit. The Soul Energy was breaking down as the spirit became more transparent. Even though she had not disappeared yet, she would not be able to hold on much longer.

“She is already dead. What you see now is the soul disappearing.”

Romaine uttered a disappointed sound.

Brendel was also feeling puzzled. The damage that she received was far beyond a Spectral Knight could handle. Even if she was ten levels higher, she should had been turned into dust and not appear like a sleeping beauty.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 92




TL: 5th chapter. Edit: There’s a mistake in which the chapter did not copy over (damned umatrix extension).

[Read more…]

Chapter 92 – The kings and the dead (7)

============ ??? POV ============

Am I in a dream?

The Silver Elven Court was as perfect as my memories. The saintly white luster of the walls, ceilings, corridors and fences.

How long ago have I not dreamt of this……

“Sister.”





“What did you address me?” That voice in my dreams became sharp as usual.

“I-I’m sorry.”

That dream……

I remember my mother said to me, when I pressed gently on my chest, I would be able to feel my warmth and life from my ‘heart’ with my fingertips. Only when one touched there, would they feel at peace.

It was precisely because of that, that my memories of the Cherau village became clearer, and how have I yearned to return to that time…..

“Father king, my noble sister….. I am sorry. It is all my fault.”

========== Brendel’s POV ===========

Brendel’s mind shuffled through different answers as to why the girl’s spirit was still around. He had calmed down from the shock, and thought if he saw it through a gamer’s perspective, this would be a developer’s immunity settings, that it was a follow-up to a quest and possibly the key to activating the Altar, and even though he could probably find the answer on his own—

Did it not look like the solution was in front of him?

[If this is a mission, then this little girl is going to wake up pretty soon. The only exceptions thus far in this world are the Planeswalker and the cards…]

Brendel looked up at the starry sky and waited patiently, wondering if the spirits also adhered to the game.

The mercenaries whispered amongst themselves, as Amandina grabbed Romaine’s hand and watched the Silver Elf warily. No one dared to approach her, as the unicorn was still beside her. The might exhibited by the Spectral Knight’s mount was still fresh in their minds and nobody knew whether it would go on a rampage.





But it was just as Brendel had predicted, the Elven girl’s eyelids moved and opened.

It was a pair of slightly vacant silver eyes with a little confusion in her eyes, which quickly seemed to be poured in with many things all at once. It was as if memories and complicated emotions filled her eyes up as it suddenly flickered with comprehension.

Her body moved a little, and she turned her head around to look at everyone around her.

She seemed to recall something, before she her brows were crunched into a sorrowful expression. Her body curled up as she coughed vehemently, and she brought her hands to her lips. Once she uncovered them, her hands were filled with silver blood. She reached out with her hands, trying to grasp the silver lance on the ground.

The mercenaries pulled out their weapons and were on their guard, and a few of them wanted to stop her.

“My lord, she has no more strength left to fight us.” Amandina quickly tried to persuade Brendel into stopping the mercenaries. She recognized the expressions of the Silver Elf, which was how she felt when she was at her lowest point.

[Indeed, she has no strength left.]

Brendel nodded. The spirit had reached the final stage of fading away. Even if he was to stand in front of her, she would not even be able to raise her weapon to strike him down. The spirit was holding on to some wish or mission to persist in this world. It was also the source of her Soul Energy. Once it was gone, she would have no more connection with this world.

After a short moment, the girl suddenly stopped and stared at her transparent hand. It was becoming fainter and seemed like it was going to disappear anytime.

Brendel raised his hand to make everyone stop, which was not necessary to do so. If the Spectral Knight struck fear in the mercenaries’ hearts, then the Elven girl in front of them was so weak and pitiful that they felt like they needed to protect her.

“Messere…… Am I going to…… disappear?” The Silver Elf stared at her hand while she spoke. Her voice was like the fabled nightingales within the deepest forest.

Her tone made the twin Elementalists gasp. The Wild Elves were considered as great musicians, and they could hear how beautiful and trance-like the voice was.

[There are two Elven blood lineage that were derived from the Golden Bloodline. The first is the Silver Elves, the latter is the Mist Elves. As expected, the voice from a Silver Elf is beautiful.]

Brendel nodded silently to the Silver Elf’s question. The related quest indeed came, but he felt he was unable to feel happy. If it was in the game, he would have seen her as a NPC, but at this moment, he discovered that he was unable to cut his emotions off.

“Was……” Amandina asked timidly in a small voice: “That Spectral Knight….. you?”

The Elven girl did not speak but silently nodded. Her arms and legs were becoming transparent as well. She looked up to sky with a melancholic smile, and said with a tearful voice: “I…… killed so many people…… Mother Marsha, must have abandoned me……”

“That is not your fault.” Brendel’s voice sounded angry.

[The Holy Cathedral of Flames was the faction that caused this incident. Mother Marsha would not have gotten angry if it was not for their interference. As punishment, luck as never been on Aouine side ever since then.]

Brendel had essentially made sense out of the entire situation.

The priests of the Holy Cathedral of Flames probably wanted to change the oath between the Elven kings, the Elven Goddess and Mother Marsha. He personally had changed similar contracts before as a gamer, and the risk presented to him was acceptable precisely because he was a gamer. The citizens of Aouine must had been either bold or greedy enough to attempt something like this, and the conclusion was distorting the oath and allowing evil spirits to invade the sanctuary.

It was a tragedy.

The evil spirits surely did not stop at controlling just the little girl, and many more Elves must have been possessed. Despite that, the high ranking priests were not simple pushovers and a dire battle not recorded in history broke out in this area. After the battle ended, all records of the Altar disappeared.

“What is your name” Romaine asked.

Brendel suddenly discovered her question was really constructive.

“Medissa Lunette.” Came the reply.

“”You’re not from the royal family?”” Brendel and Amandina spoke at the same time. Only the royal bloodline, the Aavlon royal lineage, was permitted to enter this tomb.

“Yes, I am a craftsman’s daughter.”

“But this is the tomb of the Elven kings……” Amandina continued to ask.

The question from Amandina made the Elven girl paused for a while. Half of her body was becoming transparent: “There are unique circumstances…….”

“Unique circumstances? I have heard of the Silvers Elves interring their bravest and greatest heroes along with the ancient kings……” Amandina looked doubtfully at the girl, unable to find traces of a ‘greatest hero’ in her.

Medissa carassed the unicorn beside her as her eyes became misty: “That isn’t it. I am here to replace someone else.”

[What?]

If there was another mouthful of water in Brendel, he would have spat it out again. He had never heard of substitutes or was there a queue for being entombed?

Amandina had a clearer grasp of the situation. “A replacement in order to save someone? Or to be buried as a sacrifice?”

[What kind of third rate development is this? To think that the ‘noble’ elves would also do something like this, looks like they are no different compared to humans.] Brendel was surprised.

But Medissa shook her head: “I volunteered.”

“Volunteered?” Brendel could not understand how an ordinary citizen was able to replace a royal family member.





She had a faint smile on her face, as though she had recalled a memory to be proud of. “I, volunteered to replace…… my older sister…… No, I came here…… for the sake of the her Royal Princess.”

She was becoming fainter.

“Hold on.” Brendel interrupted her, “Sister? Her Royal Princess, what do you mean by that?”

“My mother, is a craftsman in the Cherau village. My father, is the king of Aavlon. I think, I am half a princess……”

“Does this mean your sister is the Silver Elves Kingdom’s princess?”

She nodded.

“Why did you need to replace her?”

“My noble sister was cursed by the Miirna people. The royal court magicians told me father that a related blood member had to die for her sake, or else she will continue to weaken in her prime until she died.” Medissa slowly explained: “But my noble sister is the best leader within the kingdom. The human allies, the dwarves, our citizens, no one wished to see that happen……”

“In the end, my father chose me.”

Amandina was so indignant that her brows knitted together tightly: “…… He’s your father, how could he have done something like this!”

Brendel could only pat her on her shoulders to calm her down. “During the era of Chaos, the twilight dragon was a force that exceeded the imaginations of the various races. They paid a great price in order to resist that existence, as the king of the Silver Elves, it could only be seen as something normal.”

He stared at Elven girl in silence, before he asked: “Why have you told us about all these?”

“Because…… I wish to ask you for help?”

[Just like a mission.]

“What help do you need?”





“The lizardmen in the forest had stolen my sister’s necklace. I don’t know what they want to do with it, but without that trinklet, my sister’s curse would not be able to focus on me, I’m afraid it would—”

“You’re already about to disappear, why are you still trying to care about someone else!” Amandina interrupted her after listening in dissatisfaction.

Medissa cast a glance at her and smiled.

“Precisely so, I wish….. That my disappearance….. has meaning…..”

Amandina did not know how to refute her.

“But this matter is none of our business. We do have the right to refuse your request.” Brendel spoke quietly. Even though logic told him that he should accept the quest, but he felt a little angry when he looked at the Elven girl who had nothing to do with the cruelties and violence in the world.

Her eyes momentarily turned sad, but was quickly replaced with a touch of slyness: “Messere…… human, you came to seek, for the souls of the Ancestral Elves…… right?”

She was nearly gone.

“You know of our intentions?”

“I was able to listen in, through the gust of wind in the valley……” She closed her eyes. “To gain the acknowledgement of the Ancestral Elves, you would have to gain my acknowledgement……”

She paused for a moment, as though she was too tired to continue speaking. “That is why, I want to make a deal with you.”

[I’m actually being held hostage. And I’m even threatened by a little girl.]

Brendel felt bitter feelings emerging from his heart. Did he had the option to get angry? He turned back to look at everyone, but the girls and even the Nightsong commander nodded their heads.

“Very well, but I have also have my own request. In order to deal with the lizardmen bandits, I would have to gather the help of the Ancestral Elves, otherwise I would not be able to deal with them.”

The girl nodded.

“I acknowledge your presence and you have my permission.”

“Are you not afraid that I will betray you?” Brendel was slightly surprised.

Medissa was silent for a moment. “I am…… worried.”

She started coughing and flecks of blood could be seen spluttering out, before it disappeared into thin air. She raised her head weakly, as tears spilled across her face: “I’m…… worried….. I…… do not wish to disappear……. I still…… have things…… that I want to do. I’m really sorry, can you…… help me….. please?”

A sudden rush of wind blew across the top of the forest, as though it was wailing— while Medissa completely vanished before their eyes.

Everyone was stunned into silence as the heartrending pleadings wormed their way into their hearts. Each word seemed to hang around their ears, and Brendel had an inscrutable expression.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 93




TL: That’s the final chapter for this mini arc. The next arc is Brendel vs various enemies. I’ll see you guys next week for TAS. Please report any Engrish mistakes. Chapters links should be corrected now.

I’m also really sorry for those of you who missed chapter 91, that was a nasty accident.

[Read more…]

Chapter 93 – The Eversong Elves

The winds died down and the forest sank back into silence.

Brendel deliberated for a moment before he looked back at the girls. They were looking at the Elven girls with teary eyes. Even though they were enemies a moment ago, they quickly realized that it was not Medissa’s fault for attacking them.

“Do you wish to save her?” Brendel suddenly asked.

Romaine snapped her head to look at Brendel and furiously nodded. Amandina hesitated and bit her lips, but every time she wanted to say something her words did not come out.

(Nightsong Tiger.) Brendel communicated to his summon in his mind.

(My lord?) The Nightsong Tiger faced him.

(I have been wondering about the abilities for quite some time, but is it possible for me to turn the Elven girl into a card?)

Brendel had wondered from time to time as to how Ciel and the Mercenaries of Lopes came about. The only answer he had was that a Planeswalker was somehow able to seal them into cards.





(Yes, you can do so, my lord. This Elven girl’s abilities are incredibly powerful, and if you try to seal her, she might turn out to be a high quality summon card. At your current abilities, you can only spend up to a maximum of 100 Wealth and a little mana to seal something into a card. With this amount of resources spent of sealing, you can only seal someone who’s extremely weak and willing to be sealed.) The Nightsong Tiger explained quickly.

(That’s fine—)

(But my lord, you do not know whether she would agree to be sealed. 100 Wealth is approximately a month’s worth of your savings.)

Brendel shook his head. Even though a loss of 100 Wealth was painful if she rejected it, he needed to do this.

(If I don’t do this, I feel that I would carry this regret in my life.) Brendel gave an embarrassed smile. His past regrets in not saving the NPCs from the slave merchants, his guilt in fleeing Aouine after Freya died, the things that he could not achieve in his past life, he wanted to absolve himself of such feelings.

[For what purpose have I come to this world? This is a chance for Medissa, but this is also a chance for myself—]

He formed a blank card in his Deck according to the Nightsong Tiger’s instructions. The card was a blank canvas, as though it was waiting for a guest to move into it.

“What is that?” Romaine saw Brendel taking a card out of from nowhere and asked curiously.

“My lord is going to save the little Elven girl.” The Nightsong Tiger explained: “He’s going to transfer her soul into the card and stablize the Soul Fire that’s collasping.”

“That sounds like the abilities of a summoner, but don’t they use crystals for that? Can you seal souls aside from magical beasts?” Amandina’s eyes glinted as she asked.

“You can think of it as a type of summoning.” The Nightsong Tiger answered: “But this is done because it’s the only way to let the girl stay here.”

The girls nodded. If the Soul Fire broke down, the energy was returned to its basic elements and not returned to the embrace of her goddess. Disappearing in that manner was the most painful way for a spirit, not to mention a sentient one.

Brendel raised the card into the air: “Medissa Lunette, do you wish to join in my travels and become part of the Laws in this world?”

The words were repeated in his heart, as though someone’s else voice spoke them. The blank card flew out from his hands and floated in the air. Brendel waited for a full minute before he repeated his words again, but no reply came. A mellow sadness spread within his heart as he sighed inwardly, certain that Medissa had refused and was gone.

“I…… have a wish, can you grant me that? Brendel….. No, Lord Planeswalker.” Medissa’s voice echoed in his mind.

Brendel’s elation soared and he exhaled loudly.

“Of course, Miss Lunette. Please state your request.”

“I…… wish to see my sister on your journeys, just once would be fine.” Came the small voice.





Brendel was slightly dumbfounded. He did not think that her wish was so simple. Even if she requested to have full freedom, he could agree to it.

The Silver Elves had superior bloodlines and their lives were exceedingly long. Perhaps her father and older sister were still alive, so that wish was not as impossible as it seemed. However, the Silver Elves avoided contact with the world and might be slightly troublesome to find them.

He nodded after a few moments.

The card immediately emitted a flash of black light, and the words were written in his retina:

“Contract established.”

A line came next:

“A new card has been found, please name it—”

“Eversong.” Brendel decided to name Medissa after the most famous Silver Elves’ army from the ancient era.

The card gradually came back to his hand. Brendel inspected the card, and saw a female knight equipped with silver armor and a long lance in her hands. She wore a warm and friendly smile— It was the very image of Medissa.

Unicorn Knight

(Eversong I)

Darkness 15

[Heroic spirit/Knight, Level 35 Elite]

Pay 15 Darkness EP and places the Unicorn Knight, ‘Medissa Lunette’, into play.

Maintenance: When ‘Medissa Lunette’ is in play, pay 1 Darkness EP, 6 Wealth every day.

‘The flag of the Elves are raised proudly, with her heart and sword shining brightly in darkness.’

Brendel stared at the card for some time. The response from the card seemed to show off the difference compared to his other cards.

[Amazing. Even though she’s on the level of a Gold-ranked fighter, I didn’t think that that she’s on the level of a legendary artifact. Apart from the Thorn of Light, this is my second legendary. Tulman told me that my Cards of Fates are much rarer compared to other magic artifacts, but I didn’t think it would be as rare as this.]

A gleeful smile spread across his face.

[That 100 Wealth is completely well spent! Guahahaha!]

Brendel roared with laughter inside his mind. If it was not for the fact that he would ruin his image because of the people around him, he would shamelessly laughed with a greedy voice. He had constantly faced ridiculously overpowered enemies one after another, and was starting to wonder if he was cursed with some unlucky status.

Fighting against Ebdon before he reached level 15, fleeing against the Crusader Executioner, fighting against Tirste, then dueling with Buga, Tree Shepherds, Black Disciples and the Spectral Knight. It was driving him up the wall. (TL: Ebdon – Level 31 and above. Crusader Executioner, Level 40 and above, Tirste – Blessed stats, Level 45 and above, Buga – Level 51 and above, Black Disciples – Level 31 and above, Spectral Knight – Elite level 35, comparable to a level 51~ mob.)

He was not really afraid of the Unifying Guild, Tree Shepherds or the Madara army, but being targeted by them at every waking moment made him feel awful.





[I finally have a Gold-ranked follower. This is at least enough for me to travel across Aouine’s southern region without any issues. Even if the Tree Shepherds or the Unifying Guild have the numbers, they can’t possibly send a Gold-ranked assassin after me right?]

The two organizations only sent such assassins after highly ranked earls, and he thought he had not reached a threatening level yet. With Medissa’s abilities, he would be able to combine their abilities to fight against any such threats.

[A good deed is rewarded.] Brendel was proud of himself and felt like there was sunshine everywhere.

He wiped off his crooked smile and turned back to everyone: “It’s done, everyone.”

The girls’ eyes shone brightly, and Romaine even urged him impatiently: “That’s wonderful! Quick, summon Medissa to let us take a look at her.”

“Ahem.” Brendel coughed and his expression changed. Romaine’s words stabbed at his weakness. Even though it was a godlike card to him, the problem was the summoning cost of fifteen Darkness EP. There was also the maintenance of 6 Wealth and 1 Darkness EP.





[Never mind about the Darkness EP. Right now 6 Wealth per day is enough to make me bankrupt. I only have 4 Wealth of income per day, and 2 of it are used to pay off the Mercenaries of Lopes. If I want to summon Medissa I need to have another Gold Mine.]

Brendel rubbed his forehead.

TL: For those of you who read the raw, you would probably have noticed the difference in this chapter. I went back and checked on a particular issue, and I think that the author either made a mistake or had a bout of off-text passage that he forgot to mention.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 94




TL: This chapter is kind of short. I’ll probably get one more chapter done if it’s not too long.

Special mention and many thanks to beefcake who donated a whopping $150. Most of it is going into TSTBGAM though. He/She’s like the first person who donated to that series ever lol, and the biggest donator to donate such a chunk of cash, so I’ll throw in a few more TSTBGAM chapters just for you. Holy shit.

[Read more…]

Chapter 94 – Crystal

Brendel explained to the girls there was a requirement to summon or use the cards he had at hand, and expressed that he did not have the necessary materials to summon Medissa. Even though he had revealed part of his abilities as a Planeswalker, Amandina did not suspect the Mercenaries of Lopes to be summons.

[Medissa is one thing, but the Mercenaries of Lopes act like people who are still alive. If people start to think that I can somehow trap people and turn them into cards, I might be sent to the gallows or to be cut down on sight. Fortunately, Amandina is loyal enough so she probably wouldn’t reveal what I did here. I can probably spin a nice story somehow……]

After keeping the card, he directed the two mercenaries to scout the temple. At the same time a few of the mercenaries went to pass him the loot. The Spectral Knight had left behind a crystal and a pair of boots.

When Brendel saw the crystal he thought his eyes were deceiving him. He rubbed his eyes to make sure he was not dreaming.





[No, I must be seeing it wrongly. I’m called the Luckless King in the game, so how did I managed to get so lucky?]

When he fought the Golden Demonic Tree, it did not have any Golden Apple on it, and he did not find it strange because he simply possessed awful luck. He thought the crystal was a delusion, but after checking it various times and confirming on the Stats Window, it was the Spectral Knight’s Crystal.

– Spectral Knight’s Crystal [Boosting Equipment, Arm]

– +10% strength upon equipping.

Brendel pinched Romaine’s face, and the latter immediately furrowed her pair of delicate eyebrows in protest: “W-what are you doing Brendel!

Even though he would ignore that level of protest, he really caused her pain this time. She started to complain loudly.

“No, I’m just confirming if I’m not dreaming.” Brendel spoke as though as he was sleep walking.

“Pinch your own cheeks, you idiot!” Romaine was angry enough to lift her leatherskin shoes and kicked him.

This time Brendel knew that he was not dreaming because of the pain.

“Ow!”

“You deserve it!”

“I forbid you to wear leatherskin shoes.”

“Never!”

Amandina shook her head when she saw the two were acting like children. The mercenaries were giggling in one corner as they knew their lord was in a good mood to act in that manner.

She looked at the crystal and wondered if it was really that important.





“Is that the Spectral Knight’s Crystal?” She suddenly asked a question out of curiosity. The others were also waiting for Brendel to tell them what it was used for.

It had became a common thing for them to see Brendel as a walking dictionary.

“Yes, this is the Spectral Knight’s Crystal.” Brendel stopped his quarrel with Romaine and answered. Then he suddenly smiled “It looks like I got my prediction right, so I’ll treat everyone at Ampere Seale for a day.”

Compared to how valuable the crystal was, the mercenaries were obviously more interested in hearing that line and everyone cheered loudly when they heard him. Even though they were summoned creatures, they still possessed emotions and their memories.

Amandina had visited the biggest free-trading harbor of Aouine during her childhood, but other than its busy nature, she did not have a deep impression of it. When she thought of his irresponsible actions, she started to avoid the topic about that place.

“Is this crystal really that important?” She asked.

“Of course.” Brendel answered in a matter-of-fact tone. It had reached the price of three billion Tor coins even in the later parts of the game, which proved the value of this small Boosting Equipment.

These crystals were placed directly into the body, and there were three areas that a level 20 character can put them. The arms, the head and the torso. The price of it was even higher in the game because it was not an item that dropped upon death. While this advantage was lost in this world, it did not mean that it was any less valuable.

At least compared to the Thorn of Light, such crystals would never be lost or destroyed.

[I have enough experience to upgrade Power Break and turn the burst of strength into 30 OZ, 10% of that is 3 OZ, and pretty much the equivalent of a level 20 legendary equipment. Once I get to over several hundred OZ worth of strength, what kind of bonus stats would that be?]

Brendel knew how much value it was able to bring him.

“If you want to put a tag on this,” He smiled as he brought the crystal up: “Three billion.”

[[[[Three billion?!]]]]





The mercenaries’ faces turned into incredulous expressions. If Brendel said three million, they might start to have difficulty in breathing. But three billion was more than the richest duchy could earn in a year. This astronomical figure was beyond the imagination of the mercenaries who were born as commoners.

They could only think that Brendel was joking with them.

Even Romaine snorted lightly and glared at him, while Amandina frowned and thought he was exaggerating again.

But Brendel ignored them and happily placed the object on his right hand, which gradually sank into it. He was used to the odd sensation, and he brought the legguards up once the process was over. Once he did so he exclaimed loudly.

– Blood Greaves, [Brass Quality], +10.5% in movement speed, +5 Physique

– Requirements: Level 20; Equipment rating (20 OZ)

Brendel suddenly thought the world was not realistic anymore.

[Is this the end of the world? Am I being promoted to become the Lucky King? A Spectral Knight’s Crystal with a Magic equipment. This is an Elite monster, not a Boss……]

He stared at it before he suddenly recalled something and asked in a hurry: “Who touched the corpse!”

[[[[Touched the corpse?]]]]

Everyone did not understand what he meant, and he realized he spoke wrongly. He coughed and changed his words: “I mean, who cleared up the battlefield and collected the loot.”

That question sounded a little strange. Was there a need to assign someone to do something like that? The mercenaries looked at each other and was momentarily quiet, but a voice finally responded.

“It was me, my lord. Is there something you are dissatisfied with?”

The voice sounded a little taciturn. Brendel turned his head and found that it was the older Elementalist sister. She raised his head up to him but she could not hide the sliver of anxiety in her eyes. He had asked with such fervor that she wondered if she did something wrongly.

“Nothing,” Brendel nodded: “I’ll leave the matters of clearing the battlefield to you.”

“Me?” She looked blankly at him with her hand placed over her chest. It looked like some kind of glorious task but she did not understand why she caught Brendel’s attention. She thought for a long time and could only think that it was some fetish of the nobles, and her eyes became suspicious of Brendel.





Brendel whirled around and did not explain to her. He was secretly delighted because he used to lead a bunch of luckless party members. This time there was a lucky person who was also a hot babe……

The Blood Greaves were a standard ‘Tank’ item in the game. Brendel wanted to let the Nightsong Tiger wear it, but the latter explained that summons were unable to benefit from any magic equipment. Even though they could use the sword and bow to do damage, they could not access the energy from the artifacts.

The only possibility for them to be equipped was through the rules of the Planeswalker’s system. By equipping a card onto them, they would be able to benefit from it. For example, if Brendel equipped the Holy Sword card onto the Mercenaries of Lopes, one of them could use the full benefits of the Holy Sword.

Although, the maintenance still had to be paid out.

The girls were not combatants so they were not suitable for the Blood Greaves. In the end, Brendel wore it with a little guilt in his heart.

[If this is done in the game, everyone would have posted in the forums about my greedy actions to take all the loot….]

When he finished putting them on, the two scouts returned.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 95




TL: Next TAS update will be on Wednesday. Any Engrish errors will be fixed some time later. I need to do some stuff.

[Read more…]

Chapter 95 – The holy alliance

The scouts returned to report that they did not discover any more enemies, and Brendel led everyone into the temple.

Once inside the temple of the Elven Goddess Sayel, the sealed Altar opened again after nearly two centuries —

Each tall elf walked down with a cold expression, their silver long braided behind their ears, their heads fixed with pointed silver helmets with wings adorned at the sides, their hands carried a doubled-bladed sword, their bodies covered with full silver-chain armor. They descended down the Altar made of obsidian rocks with large steps, and Brendel was unable to suppress his feelings, and only one thought was left in his mind.

[Heavy infantry! The strongest infantry rumored in the continent, the Royal Elven Guards!]





Twenty of them nodded towards Brendel and then stood at each side of the altar. At the end, a faint shadow appeared in the center of the altar, like a spirit that was slowly forming. Sounds of weapons being drawn could be heard behind Brendel, as the mercenaries pulled out their weapons, but Brendel was not anxious as he somehow guessed what was going to happen and faintly nodded.

Under everyone’s anxious eyes, the figure gradually became clearer and his appearance could be seen. An adult elf with silver eyes, hair wore a silver robe appeared before them. Even his skin was a pale silver. He was taller than everyone in the room, and appeared brawny even amongst the Elves.

He swept across everyone with his stern gaze as though to discern them. Most of the mercenaries lowered their heads, including the Nightsong Tiger. Even though it was just a projection, everyone held their breaths as they could feel the strength of the figure in front of them. Their first thought was that he was one of the ancestral kings of the Silver Elves.

The Silver Elf thought for a while before he spoke: “Are you humans?”

Everyone nodded.

“Who is he?” Amandina whispered behind Brendel.

“I believe he is the First King, Elandorr. I have seen the likeness of him in engravings.” Brendel spouted lies. The eleven portraits of the Silver Elf Kings were posted in the forums and Brendel could naturally recognized them.

But once he spoke, the gigantic Elf looked at him: “You recognize me?”

Brendel nodded without any choice. What else could he have done? The ancestral kings of the Silver Elves experienced the War of the Holy Saints, which happened during the terrifying Era of Chaos. There were people with the Golden Bloodline, and all the races were descendants of the Silver Bloodline. The strong appeared everywhere, and even Medissa who was underage had the strength of a Gold-ranked fighter. It might appear to be unbelievable in this era, but they were everywhere back then.

[The gamers who had nothing to do estimated the levels of the strongest fighters. Their conclusions ended up with the Four Holy Saints with at least level hundred eighty and above, while the leaders of the humans, Dwarves, Elves, had no less than a hundred and fifty. A warrior had to have at least their Elements unsealed, while everything under the Gold-rank was cannon fodder. In other words, that was the Era of Legends.]

Brendel thought that some of the data might have errors in them, but he felt they were not too far off the mark. In front of him was a projection, whose aura made him feel it was hard to breathe.

Elandorr pondered for a while before he spoke again: “That matter about the Child Medissa, I thank you for it. But what is your purpose for coming here?”

Brendel nodded again.

[Didn’t you say that your agreement is given an ‘okay pass’? Why is there another Elandorr? Did that little girl lie……. But I can’t ask her about it now since I can’t summon her.]





But Elandorr continued after pausing for a while: “Speak, what aid do you wish, our old allies.”

The Elven King’s voice was very low, as though he was not used to Kirrlutz’s language, thus he spoke slowly. However, his meaning was clear. Everyone except Brendel thought the Elven King was easy to talk to.

[I’m afraid things are not so simple with this king—]

Brendel decided to be honest in his reply: “I am here to deal with the Lizardmen bandits in the forest. This is also Medissa’s wish, and I wish to receive your help.”

“This is a fight between the living, how can the dead interfere with it?” Elandorr said.

[Shit! This sly bastard!] Brendel complained in his mind, but he answered:

“No, this concerns you.”

“Why?”

“The bunch of Lizardmen are probably under the Tree Shepherds.” He boldly looked at them.

“The Tree Shepherds?” He answered in a low voice.

“After the War of Holy Saints, the Twilight Dragon had been sealed permanently. The Miirna were driven by our ancestor, the King of Fire Gatel, to the icy regions in the north. Although the world had not recorded their presence ever since, the fact is they still exist. They separated and integrated themselves into the world, calling themselves the Tree Shepherds, the Platinum Sky Snakes, and worked from the shadows to overthrow civilization and unseal the Twilight Dragon.”

Amandina uttered a sudden gasp. She looked at Brendel in shock as she listened to him. She did not expect that the Tree Shepherds were the fabled Citizens of Darkness.

[My lord seems to know about this the very beginning, but he knows, then the higher echelons must have known about this. Why have they not taken any actions to drive this group out? If the Citizens of Darkness exists, then what about the Twilight Dragon, is it really going to come back to this world again?]

She did not think that Brendel would lie in this situation, especially in front of the Elven King. The War of the Holy Saints lasted for nearly seven hundred years, and it was a chaotic world that resembled hell. She could not imagine the world to return to that chaotic era, and the fact the Golden Lineage had completely died out, while the people with Silver Bloodline waning, how would the mere commoners of this world save it again?

She paled a little.

Elandorr raised his eyebrows when he finished listening to Brendel.

“Gatel was too soft. I had warned him of this when I was still alive, but it seems that young man did not listen to me in the end. But perhaps he was crowned king precisely because of that……”

Brendel kept his silence, but the others were appalled to the point they nearly could not speak. In the end it was the younger Elementalist sister who asked: “King E-Elandorr, you said that the King of Fire Gatel, was soft hearted?”

Brendel understood why they were surprised. History depicted Gatel as a cruel and cold man. He was the last of the Holy Saints, and the rumors about him were how he cut a bloodbath to set up his own empire and chased the Mirrna to the harsh north.

The real history was something entirely different.

In order to avoid the topic being changed, he interrupted and said: “The Lizardmen are here partly because of the interest in stealing the treasure from the tomb. Medissa said they had approached the Altar more than once and stolen an artifact that belongs to her. Your majesty, even though you had slumbered throughout the ages, I believe that you were able to notice their actions.”





Elandorr nodded. He looked at the two Wild Elves. Although he recognized them as Elves, he was not able to discern which bloodline they were from.

“That is to say—” Brendel said with a confident look.

Elandorr revealed a warm smile for the first time, but it was quickly gone and his face became cold again: “Even though the creatures of the dark have almost no chance to break through Mother Marsha’s barrier, our oaths of the paths are still binding. We will stand together to fight against the Darkness, our human friends.”

“We are most grateful.” Brendel placed his hand on his chest and bowed.

“What should we do now?” Amandina gathered her courage and asked Brendel. There was encouragement in his eyes.

“I will lend my guards to you.” Elandorr replied: “They are the bravest warriors amongst the Silver Elves, and swore to fight against the Darkness for all eternity after their deaths. They will follow you and help you clear the enemies of darkness. However, the Altar has grown weaker since. They are unable to leave this region and cannot be projected for too long. The last thing…..”

He paused.

“Treat Medissa well. She’s a pitiful child.” The Elven King said in a quiet voice.

Brendel nodded. Amandina whispered to Brendel: “Why does he trust us so much?”





“Simply because,” Brendel’s expression was solemn as he whispered back: “You don’t understand the era they were living in. The humans have sworn oaths with the other races under unthinkable circumstances. The oath is treated as sacred and did not involve any conditions. It was an alliance that they made in order to simply survive. During that era, the races who fought against the Twilight Dragon were as close as brothers and sisters, otherwise there was no need for the war to continue……”

“The War of the Holy Saints?”

Brendel nodded.

Then he suddenly frowned and turned to a specific direction. He saw that the Nightsong Tiger was looking in the same direction. The latter was silent, but he talked to Brendel through his mind:

“Card Resonance.”



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 96




TL: Currently busy with real life issues, so probably update is on next week’s Saturday.

[Read more…]

Chapter 96 – Fallen (1)

The battle was over. Conrad and the Disciples of the Black Flames’s bishop stood together to survey the battlefield strewn with corpses, as wafts of white smoke rose thickly. There was death everywhere.

Demons, disciples, mercenaries’ bodies were gradually becoming colder as their blood poured into the ground. They were still living a while ago, but their skin were becoming taut and their muscles rigid.

Conrad walked over a few steps, turned over a female mercenary’s body and a groan could be heard from the latter. He frowned and ran his sword through her heart and ended her life.

He then raised his heart and said impatiently: “No, Duke Rhun’s only son isn’t here. That fucking bastard Makarov!”

“Since you knew him so well, why did you fight this battle?” The dark bishop said with a low voice: “We lost quite a few men, and it was that giant who was beside Makarov.”





“How do you reap the benefits if you don’t invest?” He laughed as he licked his lips. He pulled out the sword stained with blood and pointed to his nearby men: “Bring the rest of the prisoners to me!”

Several shivering men from the Grey Wolves Mercenaries were quickly brought before him. They fought like the bravest warriors during battle, but once they were out of it they realized they had no chance to fight back. Their comrades-in-arms were skinned alive or eaten by the demons and they realized they had no chance to change their fates.

Once they understood this, fear of their unknown fate gripped their hearts.

Amongst them was the familiar white-haired youth that Brendel knew well. He looked condescendingly at the other frightened men who were pale. He had stayed behind to cover Yula and a few other Grey Wolves Mercenaries to allow them to escape, so it was a given that he got caught.

He glared defiantly at Conrad. He had once thought he was the commander of the ‘Paper Cards’ mercenaries.

[Bloody fucking hell…… That bastard Brendel was actually right. Not only was this shit bastard colluding with the Disciples of the Black flames, he was the dog of the Tree Shepherds.]

Conrad did not look much older than Brendel, and Redi was furious over how Brendel had humiliated him. Now that Conrad did the same thing by catching him, he saw Brendel and Conrad as the same arrogant fucks who deserved to get their faces crushed by hammers.

He used the most condescending gaze he had to look at his enemies, trying to incite their anger.

[If this piece of garbage intimidates me, I’ll be able to shame him and let these unworthy bastards know the bravery of the Grey Wolves Mercenaries.]

He planned to do so, but Conrad merely paused and smiled at him. The latter then shifted his gaze and looked at another mercenary.

“Are you looking down at me?” Redi was angry and said muffled words because his mouth was gagged, trying to struggle and rush at Conrad, but the latter’s men restrained him tightly. He could only watch helplessly as Conrad walk over to the last man of the Grey Wolves Mercenaries on the right and said something to him.

That mercenary was momentarily stunned before he shook his head with much difficulty.





Redi thought that Conrad would have tortured him at least for a while, but that monster waved his hand and his comrade was taken away. Redi could not turn his head, but the sounds of flesh tearing apart could be heard behind him. It was as if flesh was being ripped apart from the bones while organs started slipping out from the body and dropped on the ground. Desperate shrieks of pain echoed throughout the forest, which gradually turned to sobbing howls and finally hoarse gasps with a final low bellow.

The voice disappeared after a while, and the remaining mercenaries trembled at the same time.

Conrad walked to the next mercenary and asked something. That mercenary was scared out of his wits and merely knelt on the ground and said nothing. The young commander shook his head with regret and signaled to the men behind the mercenary. They moved away, and Conrad suddenly stabbed through the mercenary’s eye with his sword and kicked him backwards.

He clapped his hands and let his men take the corpse away.

There were three men left, including Redi. The white-haired young man saw that his fellow mercenaries seemed to lose their sanity because of fear. It seemed like they had started to remember they joined the profession because they simply wanted to live and not die from starvation. All the glory and belief that they got from their various feats in battle crumbled in an instant.

The two men realized they only wanted to live on.

Redi watched them act like cowards. They used to laugh in the face of danger and were proud of themselves, but their actions now made Redi curse at them in his heart, but he hurled muffled abuses at Conrad.

“Kill me now, you cunt!” Redi wanted nothing more to prove himself. Was it not just death? He wanted to prove to his comrades who were controlled by fear that death was nothing to be afraid of.

The most shameful thing was to submit to the enemies.

Conrad seemed like he could not hear Redi. He dismissed the other mercenaries without even asking any questions. Before the final mercenary was dragged away, he managed to loosen his gag and kept begging for his life. He swore to join the Paper Cards and said that he was willing to tell everything that he knew, but in the end he was taken away.

Redi was the only one left.

Conrad stood right before him—

Redi acted without thinking, and he tried repeatedly to pounce at him like a crazed animal. But his chest was immediately kicked hard backwards, and he looked like a kicked dog who rolled a few times on the ground. When he crawled back up, he realized that he was the only one left.





[There’s no one left to witness my bravery? Who should I show now? The enemy?]

He looked at the reticent Conrad and the bishop who had his features hidden in the shadows. They would not give appreciate his heroic actions. A bone piercing shiver permeated his whole body and Redi trembled. He thought of a problem. Was he going to die here like the cowards in a shitty death without reason or rhyme?

[I’m the most talented youth aside from Eke in the mercenaries, if I die here just like the corpses here, who would know of my heroic deeds? No, I can’t die just like that, but there’s no one else in the forest to record them. Was there really no one hiding in the forest? Someone who’s pretending to be dead?]

Redi did not want to die a meaningless death like the cowards before him, but he knew that it was a wishful thought for someone to record his honorable death. Before the Disciples of the Black Flames, no one except the commander and Buga could hide in the forest.

He hesitated in his heart. Dying an ignoble death was something that he could not bear and his expressions kept changing.

Conrad looked coldly at him. He had said nothing from the start to him, then he suddenly pulled out a dagger from the bishop’s waist and approached the white-haired man. Redi’s straightened up subconsciously as he realized death was approaching. He did not expect Conrad to say nothing at all. He was from a long lineage of high nobles and descendant of the Knight Mark, and he struggled before feeling the cold dagger blade on his neck.

He did not want to die.

Redi’s heart finally had the color of despair in it. The will to fight back had disappeared, and Conrad did not miss the expression of his eyes. The knife was instantly withdrawn and his gag was loosened.

“Do you want to die?” Conrad asked.

Redi opened and closed his mouth several times, wanting to curse at him, but he realized that he was merely trembled and could not say anything. In the end he nodded once, before he suddenly realized what he was doing and shook his head repeatedly. He suddenly felt his face hot. It was not because of his own weakness, but because he was actually afraid till the point where he did not even listen to his question properly.

An utter disgrace.

“Then I’ll ask you a question.” Conrad straightened up to look down on the kneeling man: “The other group of men who traveled with you, where did they go and how many men did they have?”





Redi was stunned. If the monster in front of him wanted him to reveal the core information about the Grey Wolves Mercenaries, he thought he would not be able to bring up anything, but to mention that particular group of men would mean getting revenge. At that moment, Redi saw them as people to cooperate with, and not surrendering to them.

[I will first get revenge on that bastard.] He gritted his teeth.

“They headed for the east before you attacked. They are fifteen in total and their leader is around your age. Amongst them are twelve guards and two girls.” He paused for a moment: “The guards are at least Silver-ranks. I know this because I secretly listened to the commander and Buga talking.”

He spilled everything out without even Conrad’s reminder. If Brendel was to see this scene, he would have been laughing out loud from anger. He only punched him once while Conrad had kicked him like a dog, and it seemed like he had completely forgotten about that fact.

Conrad and the bishop exchanged glances.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 97




TL: Thanks to Seren who donated a whopping 150 dollars to TAS!

[Read more…]

Chapter 97 – Fallen (2)

=========== Conrad’s POV =============

They did not say anything after Redi finished speaking.

The slightly cool wind swept across the entire battlefield under the night sky, and the scent of blood permeated the air. The monster-like commander of the ‘Paper Cards’ and the dark bishop stood there quietly, as though they were digesting the information that Redit told them.

Conrad smiled as he looked at Redi as if he praising the latter’s cooperation. The truth he would find it praiseworthy, regardless of the latter’s brave resistance in order to die or his obedience towards him in order to live.

“Twelve guards with the Silver-ranked strength.” He repeated the white-haired youth’s words: “What do you think?”

“Twelve?” The dark bishop looked at Conrad: “I feel that group is a decoy, but it’s also the truth that Eke was not in Makarov’s forces.”





“No, you should stop doubting the information in front of you. If you keep hesitating it will only ruin things.” Conrad waved him off and looked at the kneeling youth on the ground: “Are you a noble from the Kingdom of Unchanging Skies?”

Redi nodded quickly after a lull.

“Good, it seems like you have more value compared to these miserable fools.” Conrad’s smile was like a devil: “We don’t need people who have no value so they got disposed of. But you are different; you have a strong will and clearly know what you want. The Grey Wolves Mercenaries are done for, and those who are smart know when to go over to the other side. Do you want to join us?”

Redi looked at him in with a dumbfounded expression. He did not understand what Conrad meant. The latter had guessed of his identity, and he was afraid that his noble status would actually harm him when he heard Conrad speak of it for the first time.

However, it was clear if he refused to join them, his ending would be the same as the useless cowards before him.

Redi was once again hesitant. He had betrayed his conscience once, and right now he was like a merchant who kept losing money. He poured in more investments in order to gain back capital, but it did not seem to be working at all no matter how much he wished for it. Conrad had given him a final rescue buoy. His hesitation only lasted for a few moments before he gritted his teeth and grabbed it.

Even if he was to die, that would come later on.

Conrad laughed: “Very good. I’ll lend you a few men, no, a whole squadron. I want you to lead them and chase that group of fifteen people. You don’t need to kill them all, but if you managed to do so, I’ll give you the leadership of the Paper Cards.”

He slapped Redi’s face lightly: “Don’t worry, I am not lying to you. I have somewhere else I need to be after this mission.”

Redi did not pay much attention to the leadership because he was more interested in killing Brendel. He was secretly relieved as he thought he was going to be killed on the spot. Now that he was offered a chance to live along with an enticing position, he started to feel glad that he had made the right choice.

Even though the Paper Cards were not as famous as the Grey Wolves Mercenaries, they were one of the biggest mercenary groups in the southern region. When he thought of the leadership position offered to him, he felt slightly inclined to become a leader.

When he finished reveling in that future, he suddenly caught a glimpse of a familiar figure shrouded in darkness. The dark bishop had stepped away to reveal a figure behind him, and Redi recognized her from the weapon.

“Scarlett…..?”

“Oh, is her name Scarlett?” The dark bishop’s sinister laugh echoed in the forest: “Then I shall call her Scarlett since I have no talent in giving names. If you complete this mission, I’ll give her to you—”

Redi’s throat gurgled once, and his hands balled into fists. Everyone in the Grey Wolves Mercenaries knew that he was fond of her, but Scarlett only had eyes for Eke and treated the rest of the mercenaries like siblings. He understood that fact clearly, but he still yearned for the day when Eke and Yula got married, which he would hope for a chance after that to gain her affection no matter how small the chance might be.

Even though she looked a little different from her usual self, he was excited over the prospect of having her. With so many temptations before him, the greed that was hidden deep in his heart started to grow.

Conrad observed Redi’s expression and gave a subtle grin. He tossed the dagger back to the dark bishop. That ominous blade was used for rituals and not for killing, and as a member of the Tree Shepherds, he understood that such rituals were sacred as they were part of the plan to revive the Dragon of Darkness.

He started to walk away after giving instructions to his men and Redi. The dark bishop glanced at Scarlett before catching up with Conrad. He nodded his head respectfully and praised him: “You truly are a master at manipulating minds.”

He knew that Conrad had no real interest in asking the other Grey Wolves Mercenaries for information. Everything was done in order to show a performance for Redi simply because Conrad was certain about his weakness.





“Human nature is weak. We are keen on gaining profits and possess an instinct to avoid danger. But I don’t toy with people’s hearts — The only thing I offer to them is more choices.” He replied: “Sadly, compared to the people who speak of honor and justice, I have a flaw; I cannot lie like them.”

The dark bishop crackled: “But we humans are cunning, he didn’t show his weakness, did he.”

“That is why interrogation is an art.” Conrad smiled: “To be honest, I was after his noble status. Having a pawn in the Kingdom of Unchanging Skies might prove to be useful. But why did you agree to lend your new pet to him?”

“That little girl is still holding on to her will. I’ll let her witness how bad her former comrade is. Only when she recognized the darkness of a human would she synchronize faster with the Blood of Gods.”

“A wonderful plan.”

“What are your current plans now?”

“We should prepare and rush to meet Hewjil. They actually headed for the east despite knowing it’s the Lizardmen territory. Their actions go against common sense. If I didn’t have the ability to control hearts, that cunning fox Makarov would have deceived me.”

“I must say that I destest working with that barbaric Lizardman.” The dark bishop shook his head.

“I don’t like it either.” Conrad took off his bloodied gloves as he replied.

============ Brendel’s POV ============

The starry night yesterday was proof of the crystal clear weather that followed, but no one knew about the cruel battle in the forest other than those who participated in it, and the only evidence left behind was the smouldering ground.

The scorching sun was up and lit the entire forest despite the trees’ dense leaves. The vivid-green foliage was surprising to their eyes, and the mercenaries started to wonder if the battles that happened allowed the trees to absorb nutrients from the bloodshed.

They whispered amongst themselves, but it did not escape the youth’s exceptional perception.

“Creating a myth like this is really scary.” Brendel muttered. He kept flipping the black card in his hand. Even though it was a legendary artifact, the baleful black color from the card’s back was perplexing. Medissa’s smile was warm and pleasant so the contrast was striking. This was the only Black Elemental Card he had, and he had no other cards that provided Dark EP.

If he was able to summon the little girl, then he would be able to move freely without any worries. It seemed like it was still impossible to do so.

He suddenly stopped his fidgeting. He was feeling the same sensations again from yesterday’s night. The Card Resonance was happening again in his heart.

[According to the rules of the Planeswalker, a Card Resonance means that there’s another card with the same series. I searched through all my cards but the Eversong card is the one causing a resonance. I didn’t think a card that I created myself would have something related to it. Does this mean that new Laws were written in relation to the card? Or that it’s because of the Darkness Element that is causing the Card Resonance? Or both?]

“Nightsong Tiger, is it possible for a Land Card to resonate with the Eversong Card?”

“It’s quite unlikely, my lord. It is very rare for a Land Card to resonate with any cards. The cards that resonate with Eversong could be equipment, creatures or barriers, or specific creatures that can be sealed into the same series.” (TL: Medissa, Unicorn Night is Eversong I. If there are similar creature cards in the Eversong series, it will probably be Eversong II.)

“The Card Resonance had happened six times since last night, and it gets closer each single time. The last time it happened was an hour ago, and I feel like it’s near to our left.” Brendel was puzzled. Was it a creature, or someone who was holding on to that card and moving about?





He raised his head to peek at the location of the sun. They had been moving since last night without rest, and it was nearly noon. Most Iron-ranked or people with 3 Physique and higher, had no problems for not sleeping a night or two, but Romaine and Amandina were having a tough time. Brendel glanced at them to check their conditions. The Elementalist sisters took care of them which helped them to barely manage to keep up with the group.

[There isn’t much time left. Because of the delay in the Altar, we can’t afford to waste even a second.]

TL: About Redi and Brendel. I think that’s where the anger comes from. He sees Brendel as a merchant who offended the status quo in this world, i.e, merchant vs noble. When it came to Conrad, he’s a Tree Shepherd who doesn’t give a flying **** about social classes, so Redi is being a hypocritical noble here, as he probably perceives them as outliers who wield considerable power and can be worked with.





Remember that it was hinted that some of the nobles allowed the Madara undead to invade the southern region in order to wrestle power from the royal family, so that ‘noble’ inside Redi probably accepted Conrad’s proposal more easily than he would think. I read criticism about Redi being that stereotypical Chinese trope of setting up as a villain against the protagonist, but I actually think he’s quite subtle as a character since he probably reflects the typical Aouine noble heading to the fallen path (at least that’s what I think the title of the chapter means). I think with a little bit more editing and handling on his character, he could be quite interesting.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 98




TL: Suggested music to be played from Chapter 98 – 100. Donated chapter.

[Read more…]

Chapter 98 – Fallen (3)

The Disciples of the Black Flames were actively searching in the forest for their enemies, which meant that Brendel’s group could encounter them any time.

[There’s no need to be too worried about encountering any boss fights. The disciples are probably searching for Makarov and Buga, while the only trouble we should encounter are the Lizardmen. This battle can’t be avoided, otherwise there would be trouble later on if I don’t clear them as soon as possible.]

The entire quest was a trap. A few of the government officials were bribed by the Tree Shepherds and the Tree Shepherds simply waited for Makarov to fall into their trap, which he did. However, Makarov deserved his fame and managed to send Eke out safely just with his instincts.





Brendel did not care about what was going to happen to them. The problem he faced was the situation evolving past what the strategy guide in the forums had written. In the game, the group of gamers were completely wiped out when Conrad appeared to battle Makarov, which then led to Makarov and Buga’s escape by sacrificing both the Grey Wolves Mercenaries and the gamers.

If the situation continued to the point where the gamers did not die, Brendel speculated that the Tree Shepherd’s next move was to give orders to the Lizardmen Bandits and search for his group. Once Makarov and Buga were out of the forest, then the Tree Shepherd’s attention would turn back to his group.

Brendel needed to vanquish the Lizardmen before he was surrounded by the enemies. Once the Lizardmen had the Tree Shepherd leading them, he was not sure whether he would be able to handle his enemies.

At this point of time, the Lizardmen were nothing more than a mob of monsters. With the group of Elves who wore full silver armor and helmets to only show a pair of irises, he felt fully confident that he would easily defeat them. They were after all the royal guards during the alliance of the Holy Saints who went undefeated during their time.

The Elves had explained to Brendel that they would quickly lose their strength once they were outside the Altar, but the latter was not worried as took less than two days to reach the Lizardmen. Even if they were weakened to half strength, they were at least level thirty Elites which was more than enough to sweep the Lizardmen away—

He definitely wanted to leave their corpses behind to get back at the Tree Shepherds.

[I won’t let any treasure and XP slip past me……] Brendel was still trying to figure out a way to kill the level 50 BOSS, the dark bishop of the Tree Shepherds. Conrad was another great appetizer, if he could get to him. It was one of the game’s highlights to make use of high level NPCs to kill bosses. In this case, the Silver Elves were supposedly a good choice if he managed to encounter them right away, but it was far more likely they would encounter the enemies at a much later time.

At the same time, Brendel felt troubled by the Silver Elves. They were mostly proud and had reticent personalities, and chose to follow Brendel’s group from a far distance. They were confident that no enemies would be able to bypass them. Even though the humans held alliances with the Silver Elves, the prideful lot was not keen on working with the human mercenaries. It was common sense for them to act in that manner, but the Mercenaries of Lopes were angered by them because they had never been slighted before.





The Nightsong Tiger frowned at them as he cast glances at the Silver Elves. He knew how terrifying they were so he did not wish to talk about them.

“My lord, I’m sure that it’s another card within the Eversong series—” He spoke patiently in his mind.

“Yes, yes, yes,” Brendel interrupted him inside his mind: “You already told me that six times already. The Eversong card is a legendary card, so the resonating card is most likely a legendary card as well right? I even memorized every word you told me. I know that very well, but that card keeps getting closer and closer to us and it’s just too strange. Rather than actively seek for the card, I think we should just wait and see what happens.”

The Nightsong Tiger smiled while shaking his head. He knew that point very well, but his lord looked as if he did not care about these important things. The more powerful the Planeswalker was, the stronger the summons would be, but Brendel did not want to listen about it. Even though he kept hinting to Brendel that he should focus to train as a Planeswalker and gather Cards, the latter simply continued doing what he wanted to do without changing his plans at all.

The Nightsong Tiger had seen many things in his days but he was unable to guess what Brendel’s plans were.

[Does he want to become a lord of a region? But this is quite meaningless for a Planeswalker, especially when they experienced the Planeswalker’s world for the first time. A mortal might be interested in gaining authority, but the ultimate goals for a Planeswalker are to discover the truth of this world and seek a higher path of power. Is there anything in the mortal world that is more attractive than that?] The Nightsong Tiger scratched his beard.

Certainly, the thing that he did not understand about Brendel was his greed for items. The latter was practically drooling for items that might not even exist. As a hardcore gamer, there would be no way for him to escape from the idea of killing and looting a BOSS.

When the youth nearly fell into a state of delirious giggling, someone patted his back.

The shock was extraordinary. He jumped up a little and whipped his head to the back to a shining golden helmet and a pair of silver-grey eyes.

[The Elven commander. Gosh, fucking hell bro, do you even make any noises when you move?]

Brendel recognized him in an instant, before cursing at him in his mind. He patted his chest and asked: “What’s wrong?”

The Silver Elves were formidable because of their abilities and equipment, and not known for their subterfuge. Brendel was frightened because he did not pay attention to his surroundings in the slightest.

The Elven commander did not feel guilty for scaring him, and did not show any expressions at all. He merely pointed to a direction and said quietly: “A group of people is escaping and moving to our location.”

“Escaping?” Brendel paused for a moment as he noticed the word the Elven Commander used.

[Who’s escaping in this direction? Buga’s men should be in the south. Was there anything in the guide that said otherwise or did the gamers miss out something relevant?]





The Elven commander’s gaze went back to Brendel, as though there was a slight dissatisfaction to Brendel’s questioning tone, but the latter nodded.

Brendel knew that this blockhead-like fellow would not be joking with him. He even wondered if the Elven commander had the word ‘joke’ in his dictionary. In any case, he quickly raised his hand to signal for his group to stop.

The sleepy Amandina and Romaine were jolted when the mercenaries immediately stopped upon Brendel’s signal, and the merchant girl asked in curiosity: “What’s wrong Brendel?”

Brendel put his finger to his lips, and very quickly, he could also hear footsteps rushing through the shrubs. Their chaotic footsteps seemed like they were in great disarray, and he could understand why the Elven commander said they were running away.

[Amazing. As expected of someone who’s a high level NPC, this level of alertness isn’t something a normal person would have.]

He had seen many gamers playing like they were tourists in another country, hardly fitting for the brewing wars in Aouine. However, their given abilities were strong enough to fend off ambushes, so that was perhaps why they did acted like tourists.

He listened carefully once more, and detected another source of troops who had mounts pursuing them. His expression became solemn. Two forces possessed mounts in this region. The first was the Lizardmen with their traditional Riding Lizard mounts, the other was the Disciples of the Black Flames and their demons.

Warhorses did not fare well in the forest, especially in this mountainous region, but he still thought it as a third distant possibility. He then signaled for everyone to fall into formation and prepare for battle.

Very soon, the panicking people who were trying to escape entered his eyes. There were six of them, males and females split equally into half, and their clothes were tattered and torn like refugees. They had numerous wounds but they did not throw away their weapons, indicating that they still had the willpower to fight. Under the circumstances, Brendel thought they were excellent mercenaries.

[Judging from their attire, they are the Grey Wolves Mercenaries. Wait— They are heavy infantry made up of Juddelan’s citizens. I think I have seen them before. Does this mean the disciples are nearby fighting the Grey Wolves Mercenaries?]

Brendel narrowed his eyes, but he believed that it was far more likely that they were stragglers who did not managed to group up with Buga. The injured mercenaries seemed to be stunned when they saw a group of men ready for battle and their expressions were full of despair. But someone amongst them recognized Brendel. It was the very same youth next to Redi when they came in the morning to tell him that the Grey Wolves Mercenaries were ready to set off.

[I recognize that kid…… What’s his name again? Oh, right! Sanford!] Brendel had a better impression of him compared to Sanford.

“Ser Brendel, please help us!” Once Sanford saw Brendel, his whole body seemed like he was stripped of energy and he fell to the ground. He yelled out like to him like he saw someone who came to rescue them.

Brendel disliked meddling with things that did not concern him, but he was not one to disregard those in need. Furthermore, he was aided by the Elven guards, and it was the best moment for him to act grander than he really was. Makarov threw the Grey Wolves Mercenaries behind and treated them like cannon fodder, but it had also given Brendel an opportunity to recruit them, especially when most of them were experienced fighters.

[The Juddelan mercenaries are one of the finest around—] Brendel nodded quickly as he thought about it, ordering his men to protect them.

“Why are you here?” He asked the crucial question.





“We……” But before Sanford had the chance to answer, the troops chasing them literally answered his questions.

The rusting of leaves could be heard somewhere nearby, and soon after several disciples were riding on large ‘boars’ who charged out.

Brendel recognized them as Demonic Boars, with green and orange spots covering their entire body, with four pairs of tusks and eyes. They were low level demons, but formed the majority of lower ranked cavalry and certainly fitting for the disciples. However, when Brendel saw the attire of the disciples, he took in a cold breath.

“Ser Brendel, be careful…… T-they are somewhat strange!” Sanford yelled towards him.

[Of course they are fucking strange!] Brendel cursed. The odd ten plus Disciples of the Black Flames were all high ranking members, was it not strange for their elite to chase these six forlorn mercenaries who looked like beggars?

[No, wait—] Brendel pulled out his longsword to prepare for battle. [If they really wanted to chase them, there’s no way for Sanford and the rest of them to reach here at all. This meant they specifically drove them to this area. What is the reason for doing that, to intimidate me?]

He did not know if he was targeted, especially when these detestable disciples seemed to have no reason as to why they would track him in the first place.

“There’s still someone else in the forest over there.” The Elven commander suddenly spoke as he pointed to some tall bushes.

Brendel immediately turned to the indicated location, but he could only see layers of dense leaves made up of different colors blocking his view. But a moment later, he suddenly felt a sensation in his heart. The Unicorn Knight Card seemed to beat once like it was alive.

[Again, it’s a Card Resonance! So that is what— No, ‘who’ it is, these disciples and that person are here for trouble!]



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 99




TL: Donated Chapter.

[Read more…]

Chapter 99 – Fallen (4)

Brendel shook his head.

[I was hoping to meet the disciples during the journey to the Lizardmen, but to think that you would really offer yourself on a silver platter to me. This service of offering your equipment and XP is exemplary. But that figure over there—]

He rubbed his forehead and then beckoned with his hand to that direction.

“Come out.”





Silence answered Brendel.

The mercenaries in front of him were puzzled because they did not see anyone there, and they turned back to look at Brendel and the Elven commander with confused eyes; Brendel was slightly surprised to see nothing happening despite his invitation.

“Hmm? You don’t wish to come out?” He sneered, and pointed with his thumb. “Oss!”

He did not have any patience for hide-and-seek, and did not mind to use violent methods to bring his wretched enemies out. The air around him instantly went into a frenzy, seeming to converge into a single point where it was compressed with violent winds before it was released forward with a loud explosion. The blast of wind shot directly towards his targeted area and the trees that were in its path snapped and cracked one by one. A deafening thunder echoed throughout the vicinity as it exploded in a circular radius, and once the dust settled, a red-haired girl was revealed.

The powerful gale had torn the robes on her body, revealing red-black armor and a war-dress that reached to her knees. She wore a pair of boots fashioned out of layers of overlapping steel armor, and was similarly painted with red and black. She stood in a battle stance and guarded her body with a halberd, as though this action was enough to prevent the Wind Bullet from advancing any further.

There were clear tracks on the ground where the air current split in front of her and traveled into two directions where it pulled dirt over ten over meters before gradually stopping.

Powerful.

This was what Brendel’s group thought of the girl.

[That ring has the destructive force of a Silver-ranked fighter, so it also requires a Silver-ranked fighter to defend against it. But to withstand it without any damage and not even flinch….. A Gold-ranked fighter.]

The Nightsong tiger rubbed his forehead admist the gasps of the mercenaries. He wondered if they actually came to the Era of Chaos. They kept encountering Gold-ranked fighters for the past few months and every one of them was young. Perhaps the capital or the most crowded cities would have such people appearing, but they were in the southern region and they even traveled to a rural place like this. What was going on in this era?

After a moment of silence, the red-haired girl raised her head up and stared at Brendel without blinking. Her reddish-gold irises seemed to burn with the intention of battling. She straightened herself up and swung her halberd forward. A bright arc of electricity trailed behind the weapon, and at the same time, the trees in the direction of her weapon were lopped off and crashed down loudly onto the ground.

She smiled, revealing her canines. “Is that all you have?”

[It really is her.] Brendel sighed as he had completely forgot to factor a boss like this. The Bishop of Lightning, the Crimson Spectral Knight, Milford. Brendel stared at her unique halberd and immediately recognized her. He had forgotten about this character and her Spear of Lightning which had made numerous gamers vying for that weapon. It was unexpected because this Spectral Knight was already in this forest while she was only supposed to appear a few years later.

When the Card Resonance happened he had formed an answer, but until the girl was revealed he was not certain that he was right.

[The Laws of Eversong. They turned out to be related to unyielding hearts. Their hearts yearned for the light but fell into Darkness, and the Song of Lament is sung over and over again. This region gave birth to two Spectral Knights and actually resonated with each other.] Brendel took out the Eversong Card and glanced at it. [Mother Marsha, I named this card in the hopes of gaining an undefeated army like the Elves, and not because of this reason!]





Suddenly he jerked his head back at the red-haired girl, realizing that she was not a spirit yet.

[But that appearance is definitely Milford’s appearance. But what is up with the air around her? She feels like there’s a complete transfusion of the Blood of Gods within her, not to mention the contradictory facts within the game. Milford is an incomplete bishop of the Tree Shepherds, and she also has a Spectral Knight’s form, but that’s definitely a real body.]

“Scarlett! Redi!” A voice rang out beside him.

Brendel turned his head and saw it was Sanford who was brought back by the Mercenaries of Lopes. He then followed the shocked gaze and saw white hair somewhere behind the girl. He was hiding behind a bush, trying to shrink as much as possible into it. Was it not that arrogant little prick, Redi?

[Fuck. It’s this pretentious bitch again.] Brendel cursed inside his heart. He thought he had given a good lesson to him last night and at least became a little more humble, but he came to look for trouble again—

Brendel narrowed his eyes as he wondered how he actually hooked up with the disciples. There was indeed a demonic boar beside him.

[Hah! So that’s how it is.]

He could not help but laugh with contempt: “You defected to a new owner in a single night, and couldn’t wait to drive your former friends to their death. My, my, my, you really are quite hardworking to try and please the Tree Shepherds.”

The Grey Wolves Mercenaries were stunned—

“Redi, y-you joined them?” Some of them could not believe their ears but they are not idiots. If they thought about what happened earlier, everything made sense. There was one who had a bad temper and immediately yelled at him: “You fucking cuntface, I treated you like my brother!”

“Redi, how could you let us down like this!”

Sanford simply asked: “Redi, what’s going on?”

If glares could kill someone, Redi would have executed Brendel many times over and even eat his heart alive. He had wanted to hide behind in the back to allow the disciples to kill his ‘companions’ and ‘brothers’. That way, he would not need to have such a guilty heart.

But that was quickly broken by Brendel’s attack, and he started to curse everyone in Brendel’s group—

[These fucking pointy-eared shit pieces of……. Elves?]

He suddenly realized there were twenty Elves who were covered in full armor.

[Where did these bastards come from? Did the commander, no, that cunning fox, Makarov, place them here?]

He looked carefully everywhere, afraid that it was a trap. He soon calmed down as he realized Scarlett was here. She had become a full Gold-ranked fighter and with the numbers of high ranking disciples he had, the thirty odd Silver-ranked fighters guarding Brendel would not be able to win.

He straightened his body up and looked down on the Elven warriors. These Elves were really crazy to act like heavy infantries. Their weak bodies were more suited to become rangers, archers or hunters. He smirked as he observed them, before he realized his former allies were staring at him with questioning gazes or hateful eyes.

He needed to explain himself. How could he allow himself to be branded as a traitor?

Redi relished that he had made this plan to drive the Grey Wolves Mercenaries to Brendel’s location. He wanted Brendel to guard these weakened mercenaries, while having an excuse to defend himself if the situation required it.

“No, everyone! I did not join Commander Conrad. I merely made a deal with him to borrow his forces in order to deal with this bastard—”





He pointed at Brendel: “This is the fucking son of a bitch who is the cause of all our trouble.”

“Me?” Brendel pointed at himself and felt the situation was a little funny.

“That’s right, it’s all because of you!” Redi roared at him, his old and new memories of hatred mixed together, causing his eyes to be bloodshot. “If it’s not because of you, I wouldn’t end up like this. That fucking shit Makarov used us as baits in order to lure the attention of the disciples, just so that you can leave safely. It looks like the treatment for people are really different for some individuals. I think Makarov did not expect the final situation to turn out this way.”

He laughed manically: “Ser Brendel. You’re so amazing with your twelve Silver-ranked guards. I’m really so terrified. What do you want do now? Do you really think you still have the confidence and courage to teach me a lesson again?”

Brendel was infuriated over the crazy narcissist in front of him. He wanted to speak but Redi raised his hand and interrupted him: “There’s no need to worm your way out of this. Commander Conrad has already told me everything. Why would he send me with so many elite members of his troops just to attack you? I’m not an idiot as well.”





He took a pause to emphasize his point. “You are the real Eke, right?”

[Huuuh? I’m Eke?] Brendel felt like he was being turned into stone— [Fuck your ‘right’ you imbecile!]



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 100




TL: Regular chapter.

[Read more…]

Chapter 100 – Fallen (5)

[My fucking god, why not claim that I’m your grandfather too, you stupid fool!] Brendel already regained his senses and started to curse Redi in his mind.

Makarov still managed to make use of him even though he escaped to the east to avoid such a situation from developing. He took a deep breath and penned it down inside his mind. When he had the time, he would visit Lantonrand and get the score even. Right now, he needed to deal with the dolt in front of him.

[I’ll probably lose ten years of my life if I have to talk with this crazy person any longer.]

But before he had the chance to speak, Sanford had already cut into the conversation: “So to sum it up Redi, you joined hands with the Paper Cards Commander, Conrad?”

Brendel turned to look at Sanford, only to witness his calm face with a pair of cold eyes. The latter did not have much expression on him, except that he was mildly disappointed. Brendel did not think this friendly youth had a steely side to him.





Redi was surprised by Sanford’s words. He looked at his former allies who were glaring at him with anger, then back at Sanford’s gaze who made him shrink back.

But these angry gazes stoked his feelings to resist and he scoffed coldly: “It’s that simple. Can’t you see that Makarov has abandoned us? The old fucker had only treated us like usable pawns. Why should I continue to work for him? Why can’t I choose a better option?”

“Thus you came over to kill us and display your loyalty to your new owner?” Sanford’s voice was biting: “I am your best friend. These men and women were once your comrades. Makarov had wronged you, have we wrong you too?”

Redi was silenced.

He gritted his teeth and hesitated for a while. He struggled to find a reply as he answered with a guilty heart: “I didn’t wish to kill you in the first place. If you join me, I’ll still treat you like my comrades.”

“I don’t want your pity!” Sanford replied in disgust: “I treated you as my best friend because I thought you had the sense to do the right thing. I must truly be blind not to see for what you are!”

“We’re the same as well!” The remaining Grey Wolves Mercenaries spoke bitterly.

Brendel watched the scene unfold in front of him, but he was constantly on the alert to see if the situation changed. However, Sanford suddenly turned and bowed to him.

“Ser Brendel, Redi is right in saying that Makarov had abandoned us. The old commander had treated us like family for over a decade, whatever hatred that we have is negated by that fact. From this moment forth, we are a group of pitiful worms who is being hunted right now. If you would lend a hand to save us, we will pledge ourselves to you and fulfill whatever task that you have for us. We merely wish to live.”





Brendel was slightly surprised and he looked at the rest of the mercenaries, and realized that the refugees more or less accepted Sanford’s suggestion. It was clear that the youth had considerable influence amongst them.

But he tilted his head and looked at Redi: “Though it is true that I can save you, that bastard over there said that I have a deep relationship with Makarov. Even if that’s the case, can you still accept it?”

“That fool has been taken over by the mere thought of revenge. He is no different from a moron! Who would believe what he’s saying?” One of the mercenaries with a burly figured snapped.

Brendel turned back to Sanford and the latter merely nodded.

He was secretly laughing inside as that he thought the moron Redi did not entirely do bad deeds. At least he did managed to send over a group of veteran mercenaries for him.

However, his face was serious and said solemnly: “That matter can be discussed later. It seems that I have some personal grievances with this Redi. Once I take care of him, we can discuss further—”

Brendel peeked at him, but that apparently was a terrible move because he saw Redi’s smug face. He had opened his mouth in an exaggerated manner which made Brendel feel really irritated to the point where he wanted to rip a new one for him.

“Ha! Ha! Ha!” The white-haired youth laughed three times. “Take care of me? Ser Brendel, oh, or should I say, Ser Eke. It seems like you have not understood the situation you are in. The disciples here are the elites amongst the Disciples of the Black Flames, every one of them has the strength of a peak Silver-ranked fighter, not to mention miss Scarlett here who has the strength of a Gold-ranked warrior. With such a force on my side, you are actually arrogant enough to say that you want ‘to take care of me’, haha, with just thirty silver-ranked guards? Your joke isn’t funny at all.”

He walked to Scarlett’s back as he spoke, reaching out to her face in order to pat it. However, the latter batted his hand away and glared coldly at him. He coughed once in embarrassment to clear his throat. It was good that his former comrades did not notice his plight.

That was because Sanford and the others were shocked at the strength of his forces, and even wondered how the crazy fool managed to get Scarlett working for him. They only saw that there was something odd about her, as though she did not recognize them at all.

They subconsciously took a step back. Were they going to die today?

They looked at the their new ‘boss’, but everyone was stunned at his reaction. That young ‘merchant’ actually had the time to comfort his female companions—

“Don’t worry, you can ignore that narcissist.” Brendel turned over and unexpectedly patted Romaine’s face with a convincing voice.

“I-I’m already ignoring him, w-what are you doing, don’t randomly touch a girl’s face!” Romaine’s eyebrows were raised high, and quickly prevented his hand from taking any further advantage with a loud voice and blushing face.

The Mercenaries of Lopes merely looked at the squadron of twenty odd Silver Elves’ heavy infantry behind them. They were certain of who was the one going to be in trouble. Their lord might look like he was a straightforward person but he was actually a sly and devious person, and there was no way he would let himself get into a disadvantageous situation.

The Grey Wolves Mercenaries could only look on and scream inside their hearts as they looked at Brendel’s reaction.

But Brendel’s actions of ignoring Redi had the effect he wanted. The latter was trembling with rage from all the humiliation from Conrad and Brendel, and barked like a rabid dog: “Attack! Attack! Kill them all! No, leave their leader alone, I will let him know the price of offending me—”

He quickly calmed down: “The two women beside him, keep them alive as well—”

He planned to repay Brendel’s humiliation a hundred fold and licked his lips with anticipation.





But Brendel merely looked at him and raised his hand.

[Did he signal for me to wait?] Redi looked at him with a confused look. It was late for him to beg for mercy when his orders are already given. The disciples had already rushed out with a fervor and would not stop for any other orders. He thought it was just as well for the disciples to attack them and let Brendel know the meaning of fear.

“Continue to pretend, you bastard—” He muttered angrily.

The Grey Wolves Mercenaries’ immediately paled. Their limbs were cold and shivering, but they still took up their weapons and intended to fight to their deaths. They still clung to their namesake and oaths for the Grey Wolves Mercenaries.

Redi glared at their resistance, as though he wanted to enjoy looking at the idiots who wanted to oppose him. He quickly saw Brendel who was smiling and mouthing a few words. They were not asking for mercy. He pieced each word slowly after a long while before they were formed into a coherent sentence:

“Unfortunately, you’re too early.”

[I’m too early?] Redi did not understand what it meant [Has he gone crazy from the shock of seeing my men?]

When Brendel’s hand was lowered, the twenty odd expressionless Silver Elves immediately acted. When they did so, Redi’s expression completely changed.

He was indeed too early. If he came later, even though he still could not do anything to Brendel, at least he would not have sent himself to a death that he could not avoid.

The Grey Wolves Mercenaries, the Mercenaries of Lopes, Amandina’s expressions changed.





The Silver Elves’ bodies suddenly lit up with all sorts of colors that gathered on their armor and weapons, as though a rainbow had formed in front of them. These signified one thing.

The powers of Elements.

The strongest heavy infantry of the Silver Elves who were the match for the Knights of the Holy Cathedral in this era!

Redi wanted to slap himself for thinking that the Elves were suited for only a few professions. The disciples could not wake up in time from their crazed trance and were drowned by the dazzling light.

The swords were drawn from the Silver Elves’ sheathes, and the disciples and demons’ heads flew up in the air as the twenty odd lights charged forward without stopping.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 101




TL: So what happened for the past week? Cough. My mouse broke down and I went shopping for a new one. I had a pretty shitty mouse that I used for overwatch, and so I got a cheap gaming mouse for 10 dollars to game at it…… In case you were wondering if there’s any manga like progression where I git gud at gaming, nope. Anyways, I had a lot of fun (I’ll never game like that again) and I’ll be translating for a full day as an apology for going completely MIA. I know that cliffhanger is like wtf……

You can expect 3 more chapters soon (Over the next few hours).

[Read more…]

Chapter 101 – Perfect completion

The battle was over before it started.

The high ranking Disciples of the Black Flames were no match for the Elven heavy infantry who possessed the Element powers. The Silver Elves who lived long lives were exceedingly focused on learning combat techniques. Not only did they have high physique and excellent equipment, they had continuously sought to improve their skills for centuries.

Under their watchful eyes, the slight movements that their enemies made were enough for them to see through their intentions. Brendel watched the disciples use their abilities in front of the Elven warriors and could not resist laughing. In front of the Silver Elves who pursued perfection in combat, it was the equivalent of desecrating the highest form of art.

The Silver Elves could not believe the servants of darkness dared to use such mediocre techniques against them. Their battles against the Dragon of Darkness and the Miirna were the greatest they had ever faced. Their enemies had exceptional magic spells and combat techniques that made them gasp. They had never despised the servants of Darkness, simply because they were truly at the forefront of the world’s civilization.





They were so skilled that more than a few of the Silver Elves actually turned to the Darkness. Yet these foes had declined, no, they did not even have techniques to speak of now.

It was an insult.

The disciples did not expect their last resistance to draw the ire of the Silver Elves. In fact, everyone under Brendel’s group felt ashamed when they saw the skill of the Silver Elves.

It was true!

After the War of the Holy Saints, civilization did not flourish but waned. The ultimate skills that both factions possessed had became nothing more than legends.

But regardless of what others thought, the battle in front of them was over in the blink of an eye. The disciples turned into headless corpses with black blood pouring out from their wounds, turning into streams that filled the uneven ground’s cracks.

It looked like a network of veins with black blood.

The white-haired youth seemed like he was rooted to the ground by an invisible force. His mouth was wide open with gurgling sounds in his throat, unable to form a word.

Suddenly a clattering sound could be heard behind Brendel’s group. They turned back and discovered it was the biggest man in the Grey Wolves Mercenaries who dropped his greatsword. That man did not seem to realize he dropped his weapon, and merely looked at the group of Silver Elves who had regrouped.

[Twenty Elves who had the unsealed their Element powers! Marsha above, the strongest forces in Aouine are not any better than them!]

Some of the Grey Wolves Mercenaries glanced at Brendel, wondering who exactly was the person who used them as guards.

[Is this merchant actually one of Kirrlutz’s princes? Did he come to this place by coincidence? Or is it a high level successor to the Holy Cathedral of Fire and these knights are here to guard him?] (TL: There was a small description in the past chapter about how the people who unsealed their Element powers needed to register in the Holy Cathedral of Fire. I don’t think the Silver Elves are under that faction or bound by their rules in any way. The people who unsealed their Element are called Knights of the Holy Cathedral of Fire after registering. While there might be some church faction that is related to the Holy Cathedral of Fire, these knights are not under them but more of a formality, probably.)

They had wild guesses as they could no longer believe he was just a simple merchant.

Only Scarlett kept her wits about her and she swung her halberd onto the ground with a loud crash. Her meaning was clear; she did not want the Elves to kill Redi. Her lips were pursed tightly and her expression solemn. She knew that she was not a match for anyone amongst the Elves, but even so, there was no intention of retreating in her eyes. Her body was placed slightly forward like a panther ready to pounce.





“Scarlett?” Sanford knew of the girl’s movements. He and the other mercenaries were previously too focused on the Disciples, but now that they were gone they realized that it was someone they knew all too well.

“Scarlett, that bastard is a traitor! Why are you defending him!” The big mercenary yelled loudly.

“It’s only this time—” She said through gritted teeth, but she suddenly shook her head as if to drive a thought out of her mind: “Only this final time, I can’t watch him die here.”

“Scarlett?” Redi was momentarily confused. He suddenly saw the former Scarlett from her figure.

“Get lost right now!” She roared angrily: “Find Conrad!”

Brendel looked at this scene in surprise. He had seen enough in the game to recognize that the will of this ‘Crimson Spectral Knight’ had not completely disappear.

[It’s her desire to protect Redi! A bishop of the Tree Shepherds who doesn’t care about life will never protect someone of their own volition, so this means she’s actually at her infancy of becoming one.]

Brendel suddenly realized how she turned into a Spectral Knight and gave a thumbs up in his mind. Her spirit was actually able to resist the Blood of Gods’ invasive nature. But even though he admired her tenacity, he was not one to let this disgusting narcissist escape, not to mention he hated to let any enemy of his get away from him.

[I can’t let this crazy idiot escape. What happens if he turns to some form of ultraman to fight me? Even if there’s no plot armor protecting him, I’m going to regret it if he hurts someone close to me.]

He decisively gestured at both of them: Knock out that girl, kill that bastard.

The Elven commander looked at him in surprise. The gestures that Brendel did were the very gestures that were used in the Era of Chaos, but he quickly followed his orders and ordered his men to move out.

Even if Scarlett had turned into the complete version of the Crimson Spectral Knight, there was no way for Redi to escape.

============== Conrad POV ==============

Baern Shyrltaesi, the ruins that was left behind during the Year of Brilliance by the Silver Elves when they retreated.





The commander of the Lizardmen, Hewjil, occupied the largest hall of the ruins. The Silver Elves had used this section for worship and important rituals, but after several centuries of disuse, the once grand hall had became decrepit.

Perhaps due to instinct or because the Lizardmen had not completely evolved from their primitive self, Hewjil had a strong sense to be territorial and believed anyone who wanted to oust him from this area was challenging his authority as the leader of the Lizardmen bandits.

What Hewjil was proud of was his sense of aesthetic. Unlike the other brutish Lizardmen, he had cleaned this hall like a civilized person, placed a red carpet in the center leading to a grand chair like how it was done centuries ago, with various stolen furniture that had different designs placed without any particular orde. Hewjil enjoyed the disorder and ordered his subordinates to stack these furniture up, of which he took time every day to study each piece.

When Conrad and the dark bishop entered the hall, the three of them snorted coldly at the same time.

Hewjil hated to even look at their face, while the other two men did not want to interact with a primitive creature. Conrad especially hated the messy hall which he thought that it looked like a garbage dump.

“Cunrat, you had died in the battle, I received news of that.” Hewjil straightened his shirt’s collar which was robbed from a noble. His wrinkled face was full of disappointment: “A pity, fake news, it was.”

“I am going to remind you for the last time, my name is Conrad.” The mercenary commander did not have the mood to correct his bizarre Kirrlutz accent, and merely reminded that lizard not to roll the tongue to pronounce his name.

“The same to me.” Hewjil looked at the bishop in arrogance: “Not keen to see me, I thought you said that.”

“You used the excuse of investigating the temple grave of the Silver Elves’ kings, but it seemed like you are proud of acting like bandits.” Conrad snapped coldly as he surveyed the surroundings: “These things that you stole must be worth quite a lot, aren’t they.”

“No, no, doing serious work.” Hewjil’s wrinkles became even deeper as he resisted shaking his head.

“Then what have you discovered?”

“A little. But not much progress.” Hewjil shook his head vigorously: “We could approach not the surroundings of the temple. But this item help me do so.” He grabbed a necklace and shook it. “Wizard, I need more of these.”

The two men exchanged looks. It seemed like Hewjil was really doing proper work, but that particular matter was not of priority at the moment. Conrad arranged the thoughts in his mind and spoke: “That is not a problem. We require your help in another matter right now.”

“I helped you already.” Hewjil said unhappily. He spread the news of his group looting in the area in order to lure the Grey Wolves Mercenaries over to this location, but it had also attracted the attention of the nearby adventurers as well.

“There will be benefits for you.” The dark bishop spoke in a low voice.

“What benefits?”





“Something big enough.” Conrad’s expression was solemn.

============ Brendel POV ================

A loud thud could be heard.

Brendel had grabbed Redi’s white hair and smashed it onto the ground, causing the latter to scream out. The news gotten from Redi had made it clear to Brendel that the script had deviated from the walkthrough, even though that result was something that he did not hope for.

[Conrad and the dark disciples have targeted me even before I reached the Lizardmen— I should have predicted that this might be an outcome. Was this moron going to betray Makarov regardless, or did I change something? The fact that he showed up with the Crimson Spectral Knight…… It doesn’t really matter now. What is important is knowing Conrad had gone to Baern’s ruins and has completely abandoned the idea of chasing Buga and Makarov. Instead he has turned his full attention to me.]

Brendel’s fury was at its peak at Makarov’s scheme. This outcome of events had turned into a grave situation and caused serious trouble.

“My lord, should we retreat?” Amandina did not speak after listening to Redi’s description of what happened, and only spoke after a long while.

Brendel waved his hand.

[They are going to pay a bitter price if they really want to cause trouble for me. Very well, it seems like it’s going to be a 100% completion route where I kill them all. It’s not as if I have never completed 100% in similar quests before. I wonder what Mother Marsha would give me as a reward…..]

Brendel quickly calmed down. He wanted to see how strong his enemies were and was imagining how he would cut them down one by one, but his thoughts was soon interrupted by Sanford.

“My lord, what about Scarlett?” Sanford cautiously came over and asked quietly.

Brendel glanced at the unconscious girl. Several Silver Elves were standing beside her, waiting for the order to kill her. There was never going to be a kill order for her in Brendel’s mind. Putting aside what the new Grey Wolves Mercenaries would think, he would never agree to kill her. There was a connection between her and the Eversong card, if her fate could not be turned her next best result would be something like how Medissa turned out to be.

[Based on Redi’s description on that strange figure, it should be that bishop mentioned in the walkthrough. Since she is only turned recently, then there might be some hope.]

Brendel was not inhumane enough to try and seal a living person as a card, and he was very willing to rescue this girl who had a fiery personality. Perhaps she might even be willing to his subordinate, with the strength of a Gold-ranked fighter.

“Bring her along. She’s your companion after all. Perhaps there’s still some way to save her.” He said without thinking much.

“She can be saved?!” Sanford was shocked and urgently asked.

“I will try my best.” Brendel nodded.

Sanford nodded to accept his answer. He understood that Scarlett’s condition was somehow strange.

“How about this person?” Amandina asked quietly with a little disgust when she looked at Redi. He was forced to taste the mud as he struggled to breathe.

With those words, he seemed to regain his strength and tried to raise his head up with effort. His face was mingled with soil and tears as he yelled with all his might: “You promised, as long I told you everything you wouldn’t kill me—”

“My words count.” Brendel nodded.

He patted his hands as he released Redi, then looked at the Silver Elf beside him: “Commander, I will have to trouble you to take over what I wanted to do originally.” (TL: If you still don’t get it, it’s game over for Redi.)



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 102




TL: I have finished 3 chapters and I’m now giving them an initial draft check. Two more chapters will come within 1 hour.

[Read more…]

Chapter 102 – Lure (1)

The difficulty of attaining a perfect rating for the quest was harder than Brendel imagined. He initially thought that he simply needed to protect what was left of the Grey Wolves Mercenaries, but it seemed like he needed to wipe out every single enemy that was in his path.

[The reports from the Grey Wolves Mercenaries stated there are over a hundred Lizardmen Bandits, but the walkthrough states otherwise.

Lizardmen mob – Over a thousand.

Disciples of the Black Flames – Over two hundred with the average strength of Iron-ranked fighters.

Paper Cards – Over seventy with the same average strength as the disciples.

Hewjil – The peak strength of a Silver-ranked fighter.

Conrad – Gold-ranked fighter.

Earth Bishop – Boss tier headache.]

(TL: I might have made a mistake somewhere. There are TWO bishops that he’s most likely going to fight, the one currently with Conrad is the Dark Bishop who corrupted Scarlett. Brendel is now referring to a new Bishop who hasn’t appeared yet and probably took the Blood of Gods, particularly a God related to the earth element.)

Brendel pondered for a while before he turned around. The Silver Elves had already ended Redi’s life, while the Mercenaries of Lopes were helping the Grey Wolves Mercenaries with their injuries. Perhaps it was because of their similar professions, they seemed to bond well.

“What are you planning to do?” A voice called out from his side.

Brendel looked at the Elven commander in slight surprise.





“If that human did not lie, the disciples and the Lizardmen are going to meet soon. Their speed is probably the same as us, and the foes we are going to face will not be mere Lizardmen rabble when we reach our destined location.” The Elven commander described the scenario like it did not concern him.

“You are basically right,” Brendel’s response was quick: “But I believe the Paper Cards’ leader Conrad has already reached the Lizardmen commander Hewjil, and are discussing over how to prevent us from escaping to the north.”

The Elven commander merely looked at him without saying anything. Brendel was certain that the Silver Elves would not be able to perform as well as he did with the earlier fight, and in his own experience he had never seen a SSS completion rating with just the mere help of the NPCs.

“If that is the case, then the Lizardmen will send out their scouts now.” Brendel laughed: “They think we’re going to escape, haha, that is wonderful; I want them to commit such a mistake.”

Brendel’s guess was not wrong. The Lizardmen rode on their mounts and spread out from the Baern’s ruins.

A day passed and the next morning came. The dry shrubbery on the hill top was rustling constantly due to hands pushing them apart. Brendel and the Elven commander hid behind a thick bush as soon as they spotted movements in the valley. The youth observed for a while before he spoke:

“The Lizardmen Dragoons.”

“That’s the third group that moved out since yesterday—” There was no change in Elf’s expression. The scenery of the emerald forest was reflected in his eyes; the speed and agility that the dragoons moved in the forest was faster than any cavalry in this era, but it could not compare with the Miirna’s shadow knights.

Even though the dragoons darted through the forest and appeared through the gaps of the trees, it was considered to be much too slow in the Elven commander’s eyes.

“It’s two times the normal patrolling radius at this distance. This is just abnormal even if they are under the Tree Shepherd’s command……” Brendel muttered to himself: “In the end this looks like a quest mode.”

“What?” The Elven commander turned to look at Brendel.

“Nothing,” He realized his mistake and tried to change the topic: “I’m gauging the distance.”

“Pointless.” The Elven commander eyed him. They had estimated the distance more than once since yesterday.

Brendel quickly nodded: “Indeed there’s nothing else to look at, so let’s proceed as planned. Sanford!”

The former mercenary who turned into his subordinate ran up the hill panting and looked up to the two men: “I’m here! My lord, what do you need?”

Even though the Grey Wolves Mercenaries just joined them, Brendel accepted Amandina’s idea to tell them his ‘true identity’. Even though it was common to travel as an adventurer or merchant, they were delighted to know that Brendel trusted them with his identity, and a future lord strongly appealed to them.

Compared to the nomadic-like lifestyle, they were more willing to be a noble’s retainers. At least they could settle down, and from the other mercenaries’ description, it was apparent that the young lord was different from most nobles’ arrogant and cold attitudes who treated their subordinates’ lives like dirt.

They had suffered a lesson of betrayal from Makarov but such was the era of nobles and commoners. What could they do when they had no power?





They could only work harder to gain the favor of their new lord.

“Convey the order to get ready.” Brendel answered as he looked at the valley.

“Understood, my lord. I will go immediately.” But as soon as he took a few steps, Sanford suddenly turned back and asked: “My lord, there’s something I do not understand…..”

“Hmm?”

Sanford hesitated for a moment but he gathered his courage and asked: “My lord, there’s no need to use such a complicated plan. I’m sure these Lizardmen would not be able to fend us off if we strike at them. I’m sure the result would be the same even if they are working with the disciples. As far as I know, even Aouine…….”

He did not state the latter half. ‘Even Aouine would not be able to gather twenty knights of the Holy Cathedral’—

While it was true that Aouine had more than twenty knights within the kingdom, the majority of them did not work for the nobles or even loyal to any faction. But these words made it sound like he was questioning Brendel’s identity, so Sanford stopped himself from going any further.

Brendel still managed to understand what he was trying to say. He smiled:

“Perhaps you might be disappointed but these Elven allies are not under my command. They fight with us because we have the same goal. And one other thing, they get weaker the further they are away from their home.”

Sanford did not quite understand what Brendel meant by the Elves getting weaker, but he immediately spoke in a loud voice:

“My lord, you misunderstand me. We will never get disappointed. We swore an oath to follow you not because of you possessed a great army but to repay for your aid. Regardless of whether we are the former Grey Wolves Mercenaries or not, we will never break our oath.” But he quickly asked again: “Are the Elven allies Knights of the Holy Cathedral? Do they still possess such strength if they get weaker from their home…..?”

Brendel understood what he was thinking. Even if their ‘strength’ was weakened by half, they could still be considered as people who had the peak strength of a Gold-ranked fighter. Twenty such Gold-ranked fighters would certainly be enough to annihilate the enemies in this region.

However, the rules did not apply in such a manner. A single stat reduction merely degraded their powers by a single rank, but in truth it was a level loss by over half. These Silver Elves were originally level sixty Elites, but Brendel judged that they would become lower than level thirty when it was time to meet the enemies in battle.

This meant the Silver Elves could not even maintain their Gold-ranked stats. That would spell trouble, especially with the threat of the Earth Bishop and Conrad. He needed to find other ways to defeat the Lizardmen.

But explaining these things required some effort, so he merely folded his arms and answered: “Don’t worry and head off to convey my orders. Believe in me, and I will show you victory—”





Sanford’s reaction was delayed for a moment as he listened to Brendel’s words, before he nodded furiously.

The Elven commander watched Sanford’s figure disappear in the woods, then glanced at Brendel and said: “I did not think you are this arrogant, human.”

“You mean confidence.” Brendel tilted his head slightly as he corrected him: “Remember, this isn’t the battlefield of the Holy Saints, nor the era of your brilliant generals who are capable of commanding the battlefield to dwarf all other tactics. Perhaps the future might welcome that era again, but it would not be right now.”

Brendel paused as he looked to the north forest.

“At this point of time in this battlefield, I am certain that no one here has the capabilities to steal victory away from my hands. You can jot down my words, commander. I will lead them to victory.”

The Elven commander took a long time to respond: “To be honest, I do not understand what you mean by ‘the future might welcome that era again’, do you mean to say that the Dragon of Darkness is going to return to this continent again?”

“No, that is entirely another matter, I meant that there will be capable people emerging in the future.”

“How do you know of this, human? Can you see the future?”

Brendel’s voice was stuck in his throat. He hesitated for a while before replying: “It’s not foresight but intuition. When the future comes I’ll return to this place and tell you what had happened in the world if you don’t believe me—”





Brendel did not know why he said all these words. Perhaps there were too many secrets in his heart which he kept away for too long. After all, the Elven commander was a spirit that could not leave this place.

The Elven commander looked at him for a while and gave an emotionless smile: “My name is Nalaethar.”

“I’m Brendel.”

“I shall wait to see that victory you claim will happen.”

[This bastard doesn’t believe me at all.]

“As you wish.” Brendel said through grinding teeth.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 103




TL: One more coming soon.

[Read more…]

Chapter 103 – Lure (2)

Aakkin was the commander of a dragoon squadron. His orders were mostly straightforward amongst his usual missions, to either assault or pillage. However, he would sometimes take on the scouting role which was one of his most hated missions. It was too dangerous, especially in the forest where technical expertise was more important than speed and agility. He also disliked the fact that he could not use his best qualities in this role.





He raised his head and took in the golden rays of the rising sun. He trembled as the sun’s warmth drove away the vestiges of the cold night and permeated into his blood. He shook his head in annoyance before sniffing the air, trying to discover any signs of the humans he was tasked to search for.

In his eyes, the silence in this valley was quite odd.

He did not like the eerie peace because it was the calm before the storm, like how a poisonous snake was lurking around the corner that would suddenly appear and bite. The northern Chablis region was like an ocean of trees, and he felt that it was impossible to find the humans in this huge forest.

Still, he cautiously gripped his spear and raised his right hand, pointing all his three fingers into the forest ahead of him. He chattered a series of noises, ordering his men to spread out and search.

He did not realize he made a mistake.

He only reacted when his men suddenly disappeared without a trace; his first thought was to retreat and find an excuse to explain to his commander Hewjil as to why he sent four dragoons to their deaths.

He did not find an easy answer. Even though Hewjil was a irregular amongst the Lizardmen who was churlish, he was considered to be sharp and Aakkin did not think him easy to fool.

But there he soon discovered there was no need to worry over it.

That was because he saw a human and Elf waiting when he turned around. He did not know when they appeared behind him, but he only knew that it was a Silver Elf staring coldly at him. The Lizardmen had recently caused trouble near the temple so Aakkin had an idea of what race he was from.

The Silver Elf had an Element power gathering on his armor.

The only thing that Aakkin could do was to surrender. A small mistake of spreading his men out, allowed each individual to be caught without any commotion, and was enough to seal his fate. What was fortunate the two men who caught him seemed like they did not want his life for the time being.

At the same time, he understood as a scout that his current fate would not last for long. He would be allowed to live for a while before they obtained the information they needed, be treated like a burden and disposed of in the end.

But death was not the most terrifying outcome. If the human and Silver Elf were scouts like himself, then they would know of many ways to make him experience a fate worse than death. Aakkin was a veteran as a scout, and even more experienced as a bandit, so he was certain of what was coming next. He was not afraid, because he intended to spill everything out if they interrogated him.

There was no sense of dignity amongst the Lizardmen, especially so as a bandit.

His limbs were securely tied up with ropes so he studied the surroundings he was brought to. The other four dragoons were lying dead in front of him. He strangely discovered that he was the only one alive and it made him slightly puzzled. Did they think that a single Lizardman was enough to get accurate information?

He suddenly realized that he was in considerable danger.

[Who are these men? What do they want exactly?] Aakkin wondered in his mind, before light was blocked in front of him. He looked up and saw the human and Silver Elf standing in front of him. He gulped immediately and his eyeballs turned to both at them in succession. He was willing to do anything in order to live. But what exactly could he do to keep his life?





Brendel was also staring at him while he considered this difficult question,

[If I think about it, there are differences going from a console controller to a computer’s keyboard and mouse. No matter how close it is in the game to this world, I need to get used to this world’s characteristics and social state.]

Brendel stood in front of the dragoon and carefully studied him before smiling.

He knelt in front of Aakkin, reached out with his hand and patted his rough and narrow face, and spoke with a gentle voice: “I know what you are thinking. You are wondering what kind of questions I would ask, which you would then tell me everything you know about them. After that you would ask me to spare your life, right?”

Aakkin’s mouth opened wide, displaying over a hundred sharp teeth. He had prepared himself to face his enemy’s questions but he did not expect to receive this answer, and it made him feel like he had been punched straight on. He shook his head once as he did not understand how the human knew what he was thinking. Did the human read his mind?

If that was true, did it not mean there was already no reason to keep him alive? Aakkin trembled. He did not hope to live, but he hoped that he would at least be spared from any torture from these terrfiying enemies. He stared cautiously at Brendel with his diamond-shaped pupils.

“Afraid?” Brendel asked again.

When he spoke, soft giggles could be heard from behind his back. He could discern who they were; Romaine, Amandina, the twin Elementalist and many of the Mercenaries of Lopes were amongst the giggles. Brendel fumed for a moment, grumbling in his mind to tell them to give him a little respect. Did they not see he was trying to work seriously here?

But this was something that could not be helped. The truth was that he tried this with every Lizardman before Aakkin. At first the girls and the other mercenaries were really surprised by Brendel’s words, before they discovered that he was just pretending to know what they were thinking.

He attempted several times to adjust each interrogation method he learned in the past, based on his previous experience with the various NPC bandits.

But Aakkin did not have the mood to care what the others were thinking. He was completely afraid of Brendel, and was almost certain that this human was a wizard, one who was frightening enough to be able to see through his mind.

Brendel took out a ruby from his pouch and shook it in front of him: “Try answering my question—”

Aakkin looked at him in confusion and tried to respond, but he realized there was no voice coming out from himself. Even though he was desparately closing and opening his mouth, there was no sound at all.

Aakkin’s body shook in fright. The wizards in this era were not as mysterious as those in the past, but the people in the rural areas still believed that they possessed incredible magic. Aakkin could only look at Brendel in fear, not understanding why he ‘stole’ his voice.

Brendel covered the ruby and took away the Silence spell. He looked at the energy left through the system and saw that it still had six uses left. Then he sternly said to the Lizardman: “Do you understand? I can take away your ability to talk and I can return it to you. The voice is part of the soul, and I am capable of taking away not only your voice, but your soul.”





The youth’s voice turned cold and merciless: “A body can decay but the soul lives on forever. The torture on a body can only last so long but have you seen a soul being burned for all eternity?”

Aakkin’s body shrunk as he shook his head immediately.

Brendel smiled warmly and stroked his forehead: “Then how about helping me out a little?”

The Lizardman nodded furiously.

============ Hewjil POV =============

“You said they are escaping to the southwest?” Hewjil said.

“Yes, chief. My men from the center of the hill saw them escaping through the southwestern valley, but I am not sure if they discovered our presence……” A Lizardman was reporting to Hewjil.

When Aakkin opened the doors to the grand hall that belonged to Hewjil, he saw his comrade reporting something to his chief sitting on the high chair. The atmosphere made him a little tense, but the instinct to live overtook it. He took a deep breath to regain his composure and walked up to his chief.





That Lizardman who reported to Hewjil seemed to finish what he was saying and turned to leave under Hewjil’s indication, passed by Aakkin and left the hall.

The blackmailed Lizardman did not dare to look at him or Hewjil and walked on the red carpet with his head lowered, and allowed him to spot two other pairs of human boots at the edge of the carpet. He had seen them before and knew they had some relationship with his chief, but he had not dared to inquire about them from his chief.

He read out Brendel’s words in his heart, Marsha above, he swore he had never been so serious even when he prayed. The threat from that human wizard was still echoing in his ears……



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 104




TL: Alright guys, that’s the last chapter. I’ll see you next wednesday (unless there are any donated chapters).

[Read more…]

Chapter 104 – Lure (3)

At the same time Aakkin planned his maleficence, Conrad and the Dark Bishop were observing the new Lizardman who came in. But what made them feel wrong with this scene before them was how the Lizardmen’s faces all looked the same. At least from their point of view, the ‘lizard’ who came in earlier did not look any different from this ‘lizard’.

Perhaps their patterns on the skin were different?

Hewjil recognized his subordinate and asked in his own native tongue: “Aakkin, you came back earlier than I expected. Why, did you find your targets?”

“Yes, chief.” Aakkin answered with a stuttering chatter.





His attitude did not draw Hewjil’s suspicion as he wanted deference from his subordinates, but he was a little annoyed at Aakkin’s behavior. He waved his hand and replied: “When did you become inarticulate, Aakkin? If you have anything you want to report, just spit it out. What else did you see?”

“My men and I were attacked in the southern area.” Aakkin gulped as he continued to chatter. “The people who attacked us seemed to be the men we are supposed to look for. There are fifteen of them, two female, and a youth who is leading twelve guards. They are really formidable, and before we could react…… four of our brothers…..”

“The south?” Hewjil answered blankly, as if he did not hear the loss of men: “Are you sure it’s the south?”

Aakkin was also in a daze as he thought his chief would go into a rage. But he quickly recovered and nodded.

“What did he say?” Conrad had no more patience when he heard them talk in their native language. When Hewjil raised his voice, he knew something was up and immediately grabbed his shoulder and asked.

Hewjil smacked away his hand and yelled out: “This time, in the south region. Conrad, your foes, they playing hide and seek with us?”

“They are appearing in the east, south and southwest.” The Dark Bishop was thoughtful: “This goes against common sense, there has to be a scheme somewhere.”

“Damned your scheme,” Hewjil growled loudly: “The situation, simple. Enemies discovered where we are, that shitfaced youth you sent to bite them, is definitely killed already. They are escaping to the south! In three separate routes! They are dividing focus, I have seen enough of these ploys!”

“Impossible!” The Dark Bishop nearly jumped out from his chair: “That fool went with my acolyte,” He grabbed a crystal out from his robes with his bony fingers: “This crystal has not cracked, which means my acolyte is still fine!”

“Then your, foolish acolyte lost her way.” Hewjil spat his words out coldly with sarcasm dripping in his voice.

“An acolyte of the Gods losing her way? Have your brains rotted, you witless lizard!” Conrad interrupted Hewjil and blocked the Dark Bishop from attacking the latter with his arm. He roared at the Dark Bishop: “Why are you losing your temper! That lizard is right in saying that the enemies have discovered our intentions. They won’t break through the north any longer and they are sure to retreat. We can’t wait for them here any longer.”

“Then what should we do?” The Dark Bishop asked after looking blankly at Conrad for a while.

“Of course we need to chase them.”

“Into which direction?” Hewjil snapped.

Conrad gave him a piercing look and answered in a tone void of warmth: “Are you truly brainless? Are there only three of us here? What about your men, you imbecile, of course we’re going to divide our forces into three separate directions. Are you afraid that a mere ten odd Silver-ranked guards defeating our forces?”

Hewjil’s mouth opened, but found his voice dying in his throat as he discovered the damned human was right. His tone was slightly deflated as he asked: “Then when do we set out?”





“Of course we should set out right now!” Conrad said.

“No, this time we need to be cautious.” The Dark Bishop stopped him: “When my men are here to rejoin me, we can set out in the night.”

“You’re too cautious. By the time we set out, they will be way ahead of us.” Conrad grumbled, although he also shared the same concern of a trap when he heard the reports from the Lizardmen.

Hewjil merely reminded them: “Do not forget, half of the promised rewards, are mine.”

The two men glowered at him in disgust. The three figures did not pay attention to Aakkin who was secretly relieved.

[What did that terrifying wizard say? If I am not dead when the moon is up, my soul is returned to my body?] Aakkin’s heart was pounding and he shivered. Would that cunning wizard keep his promise?

Night quickly arrived. Conrad and Hewjil’s men acted first. Hundreds of fire torches could be spotted near the Elven ruins. This gathering of Lizardmen was highly unusual and complicated, especially when they had no notion of gathering as a unit before. Grouping them up and dividing them into separate forces was a huge task.

After an hour later, another long snaking group entered the ruins from the west, and they carried fire torches with them as well, with the gathered torches lighting up the entire area with a fiery red hue.

At this moment, four shadows were waiting at the top of a nearby hill—

“The disciples have gathered.” Countless lights were reflected in Brendel’s eyes as he spoke.

“So are Conrad’s men.” Sanford chimed in.

Brendel nodded.

“Are you sure they will divide their forces into three, my lord?” Sanford turned to him and asked: “What happens if they see through our scheme and concentrate their forces?”

“There is no ‘if’ here.” Brendel firmly said. If he was fighting against Madara’s talented commanders, his tricks would not work, but he was facing a bunch of Lizardmen bandits and mercenaries. Based on their quality, they would never be able to guess what he planned to do. One clear advantage he had was knowing how much men they had, while they only knew that he had twelve guards with him.

Under this situation, none of the enemy commanders would even consider that he had an additional squadron of Silver Elves and that he planned to consume them as experience points. Even if Brendel went up to them and personally told them he was going to wipe out this thousand odd Lizardmen bandits, they would think he had lost his mind.

Brendel was quiet for a moment before he replied: “Even the worst outcome now would be the enemy forces gathering into one direction, but we are already here and ready to exploit our tactical advantage. Know this well, they are the hunters and we are the prey. In this hunt, the party that decides where the battle would be, is the prey and not the hunters.”

Sanford nodded as he listened quietly.

The Elven commander stood there quietly. At this distance away from the Altar, he felt a great limitation on his strength, and he did not see any better than Brendel did. The last person that stood behind them was Romaine.

She saw much more than the others did when she looked at the field of fire torches. These lights appeared like stars gathering in the darkness to form a painting, and she thought it was truly beautiful.

Very soon, the fire torches started to spread out and reform into three straight lines.





“You were right, my lord!” Sanford’s eyes brightened up and he exclaimed excitedly, but his expression quickly darkened as he saw an image of Makarov’s confident figure on Brendel’s back. In the Grey Wolves Mercenaries’ hearts, the person who always had the means to lead them with victory was Makarov, but now it was proven that was merely their wishful thinking.

Brendel’s reactions were not as unsteady as Sanford. The curtains on this play had just been lifted and about to begin. He pointed towards the front of the fire torches: “Romaine, are you able to see the appearances of the leaders?”

Sanford and the Elven commander were startled. How was she able to see that far? They were approximately four kilometers away from the enemies, and the fire torches were about as bright as a firefly, and it was quite impossible for them to even see the figure carrying the torches.

They suddenly realized that the girl who came with them was not an ordinary person as she nodded immediately: “Of course I can! Hmm……. The one of the left looks like a lizard.”

“That’s the commander of the Lizardmen, Hewjil. Continue.” Brendel was confident of her abilities. She was able to spot the Madara army at Fortress Riedon even when the night sky had no starlight or moonlight. In this clear night, along with the fire torches, she definitely found it easy to see what they looked like.

“The leader of the center group seems to be a human. He’s a young man wearing leather armor….. And there seems to be something strange following next to him.” Romaine carefully described what it looked like, and Brendel replied: “That’s Conrad and the Earth Bishop. Strange, if those two are together, then who is leading the third group?” (TL: I’ll see what happens in the future when Brendel encounters the ‘Dark Bishop’ and ‘Earth Bishop’. Currently I’m using Bishop because I don’t know what the appearances of the bosses are, but I might change it to Avatar of Earth [name?] and Avatar of Lightning [Scarlett] in the future to differentiate them.)

She nodded and her gaze moved over to the third group and described what she saw.

“It looks like the figure is wearing a black long robe with several red stripes on the side? I can’t see anything further than that.”

Brendel took a while to think about it: “Hmm…… It’s a Dark Bishop. That means that bastard Redi was talking about him and not the Earth Bishop. The one who cursed Scarlett should be him, but judging from the strength of the curse, he isn’t one of the higher ranked members of the Tree Shepherd.”

“My lord, do we stick to the plan?” Sanford asked with concern in his voice.

[This is a problem. The plan was to kill off the Earth Bishop alone, but if that boss is moving with Conrad then the entire battle would be extremely tough. The worst outcome is letting both of them flee without being able to stop them. This level 50 boss is the rough equivalent of a level 65 creature, and against the weakened level 35-40 Silver Elves…… With another Gold-ranked fighter like Conrad, trying to get both of them would be difficult. Luring them into a trap will obviously work only once, and they won’t repeat their mistakes…..]

Brendel rubbed his forehead. He needed to gain the best results from this trap. He agonized over the situation for a while, should he kill the Lizardmen or the Dark Bishop?





[Wait, the Dark Bishop? Holy shit! Dark Bishop?! Isn’t he a dark elementalist? I should smack myself for being an idiot. Killing him would mean I can get dark elemental crystals, and heck, the Dark Bishops are famous for dropping nothing but crystals. Even the gamers called them one of the poorest mob creatures around.]

Brendel’s mind was used to think about the overall picture, and actually forgot that he could really use some dark elemental crystals. (TL: To summon Medissa, in case anyone is wondering.)

Once he thought about it, his mind seemed to clear up and even predicted how the future events would flow. If the Dark Bishop died, the Blood of Gods in Scarlett’s body would also be suppressed because of the lack of control, and he would gain another powerful Gold-ranked fighter.

He clapped his hands and said: “No, we’re not retreating. I want to go after the Dark Bishop now.”

Everyone did not understand why he changed his mind so easily.

Brendel patted the stolen Lizardman’s mount and made the beast turn its body. He smiled with embarrassment: “It’s common to change a plan when there are unforeseen circumstances. Don’t worry, this doesn’t affect things. In any case, we should return to our ambush location, I don’t want to get caught in a battle here.”



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 105




TL: I’ll see you next wednesday for a new chapter of TAS.

[Read more…]

Chapter 105 – Lure (4)

Four of the Lizardmen’s mount darted through the darkness, their faint shadows passing through the valley like river streams. A few moments later, the rider who was leading them raised his hand high up, and the others quickly pulled back their reins to turn their mounts around, then started to dismount one by one.

Brendel held his sword down with one hand while he nimbly left his mount by standing on the stirrups, jumped up from them and landed gracefully onto the ground. When he did so, he heard Romaine grumbling loudly behind him:

“Brendel, riding this thing is awful—” She was still on her mount with her eyebrows in a frown with her hands rubbing her neck: “It’s not exciting at all and it’s painful.”





Brendel laughed as he went over to her and helped her down.

[If I let our highness Romaine have fun on this mount, would you still follow me properly?]

The Lizardmen’s mounts were creatures that crawled on the ground, moving in a ‘s’ direction that jerked from side to side. If the riders did not have specific training on it, they would not have an easy time on it. Brendel had wasted ten-odd skill points on it from the Lizardman prisoner to learn how to ride it.

He had learned this lesson in this game once already and would not fall into such a trap again. But when he saw that her face was slightly pale, he felt a few pangs in his heart and replied gently: “Take a short rest.”

The battles ahead did not involve Romaine.

“Then I’m going off to nap—” She jumped down from her mount with Brendel’s support with his arm, and blinked at him: “I’ll be praying for you.”

“In your dreams?” Brendel asked with some exasperation.

“Yes, in my dreams.” She nodded seriously, her smiling eyes forming in a line like she scored a small victory, then ran past the Mercenaries of Lopes who walked out from the forest. Brendel’s mood also lifted up when he saw her actions. He was truly fond of her optimistic mindset even under dire circumstances. Every time she smiled, he found his heart getting conquered by her, regardless of the old and new Brendel.

Even from the first night in Bucce, he found it hard to take his eyes off her whimsical actions.

He took in a deep breath and allowed the cold air of the night to enter his lungs, and slowly cooled down his slightly dazzled mind which was getting hot. When he spotted the Nightsong Tiger, he paused for a moment before moving straight to him while waving the back of his hand at him:

“Prepare for battle, the enemy is only two miles away from us. Hurry up, I want all these XP from the two hundred Lizardmen to be taken completely.”

Brendel did not like to waste time on pointless banter before the battle. He had explained everything clearly to them and it was just a small ambush. It was not even really an operation that required tactical maneuvers like those in the game.





“XP?” Sanford looked like he was confused as he got down from his mount as he heard this unknown word. The Nightsong Tiger merely curled his lips as he glanced at him. He was used to his lord spouting some strange words from time to time. The other mercenaries had even learned what they meant.

“I meant that none of these enemies is to be left alive.” Brendel changed his words with a straight face.

The Elven commander’s lips twisted subtly at the corner without anyone noticing.

Brendel’s orders were quickly executed—

His men quickly moved in the forest and the youth started to deploy them at strategic positions. He chose to use the most common tactic in the game against these low level mob of Lizardmen. He hid with the Elven commander and the Nightsong Tiger, while the other Elves and mercenaries moved to their designated positions. The Elves’ armors were made by the Elven craftsmen not to reflect moonlight, while the majority of the mercenaries painted their leather armor black. They hid well enough that even trained eyes would not spot them unless they specifically looked for them.

The Elves crouched down behind bushes with a single hand on their broadswords which were covered with fallen leaves, while the mercenaries were approximately thirty feet behind them, waiting anxiously with readied shortbows or crossbows, not daring to breathe loudly.

Brendel did not want any deaths in this battle, so he let the Elves lead the forefront while the mercenaries were in charge of ranged suppression. This subconsciously made decision looked like he was taking care of the newly recruited men. Even though Makarov was able to bring victory for them every time, he was a commander who was born in nobility, and the nobles tend to see the deaths of their subordinates as mere numbers.

With the high birth rate of Vaunte surpassing the medieval ages’ birth rates on earth, the rich population was always a resource to be used in the commanders’ eyes.

However, Brendel paid for each NPC from his own pocket in the game, and some of them were obtained from unique missions; it could be said that every one of them was obtained with effort, and he was reluctant to treat them like cannon fodder.

Naturally he did not notice his actions had raised the loyalty from the remnants of the Grey Wolves Mercenaries; he merely checked the time from the stats window.





[I have about an hour more.]

He exhaled and shook his body to get some warmth in this cold forest. He mocked himself a little. It was just a small battle but he actually felt a little tense. He had led so many battles in the game against Madara forces, and even did so in this world by leading the refugees, but here he was, almost like a new soldier who was participating in battle for the first time.

[I haven’t done an ambush against such numbers for quite some time. My heart seems to be beating faster.]

He looked at the constant numbers fluctuating in the Stats Windows. It was calculating the penalty for the distance in both projectile and magic constantly, and he felt like it did not fit reality. Brendel blinked a few times before he checked his own stats:

Strength: 19.4 (+0.1)

Agility: 10.9 (+1.1)

Physique: 21.2 (+2)

Intelligence: 1.1

Will: 3.6 (+1)

Perception: 3.9

(TL: The stats are inclusive of the bonuses as stated by the author. Strength isn’t 19.5 but 19.4. Also, his intelligence has not grown since the start of the series. Brendel is currently below level 25, and still classified as a Iron-ranked fighter.)

[My stats are almost at a Silver-ranked fighter. If I gain another level I will definitely reach it. But compared to my basic stats, my techniques are truly outstanding. The encounters in this world are much better than the last, Power Break and the White Raven Sword Rave are pretty much the best techniques for a warrior.]

He could not really remember how he was able to survive back then in the game with his basic stats and techniques. Right now with his current skillset, he was truly invincible amongst his enemies at his level. If he added the various techniques that he had right now, he could fight against against a mid level Silver-ranked fighter. If he combined his experience in the game, he could even go against the Gold-ranked fighters who had not unsealed their Element.

Brendel rubbed his forehead as he pondered on several things, before he suddenly turned to the Elven commander and asked: “Are your techniques from the Holy Land?”

The Elven commander was taken slightly aback, but he immediately looked back with a little caution.

“Don’t worry, I know your rules. I haw no interest in your Elven techniques but I’m just a little curious.” Brendel’s mind said otherwise, of course. If he had a high renown he might have a better answer from the Elven commander.

“Even if I tell you about them, you wouldn’t be able to learn because our Elven techniques are designed specifically for us, human.” The Elven commander replied coldly.

There was a scene in Brendel’s mind where he was pulling the Elven’s commander cheeks with a ‘A lie keeps growing and growing until it’s as clear as the nose on your face!’

He had learned the Silver Elves’ techniques before but he did not break his lies and merely smiled:





“Come on, Ser Nalaethar, don’t be so cold. You experienced the War of the Holy Saints right?”

The Elven commander eyed him coldly, not understanding how the topic turned to that, but he still nodded.

“Have you learned any Dark Techniques?”

“No.” Nalaethar snapped. His eyes glared at him, while his lips parted again to say something before he resisted doing so. Any Silver Elf who learned Dark Techniques meant they had joined the faction of the Dragon of Darkness. Even though he thought Brendel was being sarcastic to him, he convinced himself that the latter was innocent.

Very few people in this era would know that era well.

Unfortunately Brendel was one of them, and he was indeed making fun of him.

Nalaethar was silent for a moment before he suddenly spoke again: “Do you really wish to learn something, human?”

This time it was Brendel who was surprised. His mouth went open but he did not know how to respond.

[You really want to teach me something? You’re not yanking my chain? But it’s the hardest to raise one’s reputation amongst the Silver Elves—]



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 106




TL: Some stuff I want to talk about, skip to chapter’s name if you wish to skip on my ramblings about my art stuff.

[Read more…]

TL: For the past few weeks I have been scratching my head and looking over some fundamental stuff for anatomy, until I recently found a video by cushart on doing fundamental ‘spatial’ construction which I’m currently practicing.

I am actually incredibly bad at constructing a 3D image properly in my mind and needs tons of reference. The tips that my teachers gave were kind of there but not quite enough or too hard to understand. The theory is there, using XYZ as coordinates in space to kind of plot where the fundamental shape should be, but I could never really grasp it properly because it’s too complicated for me.

Cushart’s video goes into details about how he plots and constructs using, well, easy maths (sort of). I’m not sure how far I can go with his method, but I do find it incredibly useful in training fundamentals in ‘spatial XYZ coordinates’. I’m pretty much spending the entire day just to kind of practice in that area, and I’ll probably just keep going at it for the next 10 days.

I keep wanting to edit my old chapters and write some codes for the website, but the issue of needing to settle important fundamentals about anatomy keep coming up, and I really want to get my weakest area to a manageable state by the end of this month.

Anyways, here’s the donated chapter, and thank you very much for your continued support on TAS and putting up with my ramblings.

Also, to make up for the late chapter, I decided to TL one more chapter (which took another few more hours, lol.)

Chapter 106 – Lure (6)

“You don’t wish to learn?” Nalaethar looked at Brendel with complete ridicule in his eyes.





“I want to, of course I want to.” Brendel rushed his answer out.

[Is there a need to even ask? Which idiot would refuse a Silver Elf’s technique?]

“The Elven techniques can’t be taught to you, so there’s no need to think about it.” Nalaethar’s eyes changed back to its usual taciturn look. “Don’t be so hasty, I already told you our techniques are specifically designed for my race.”

Brendel nodded, but his mind said otherwise: “Then…?”

“I can teach you something else that we learned,” Nalaethar paused for a moment: “Do you know how important it is to determine how strong your enemies—”

“Hold on!” Brendel drew in a breath rapidly and interrupted: “Are you talking about the ability ‘Probe’?”

Brendel was trying hard to restrain himself from beating his fists into the air. The unsociable Silver Elf suddenly looked like he was becoming affable, Brendel looked hopefully at him.

He had been relying on numbers from the system to gauge the NPC enemies’ levels, and had always felt disturbed by the lack of accurate information on their stats. He used his own experience to recall vital enemies’ stats and their favored techniques, but there was no way for him to recall every one of them.

With the ability ‘Probe’, he would be able to see the characters’ entire list of stats and their skillsets, and once the ability was raised to high levels, the system would even gave an Overall Power Rating. Judging whether they are strong or weak would be a breeze for him.

In the game, Marden also taught this ability, but when Brendel tried asking him about it in this world, he discovered that the old soldier did not know that ability at all. When he thought about the reason, he recalled that he met Marden very late in the game and that the latter learned the ability from someone else. (TL: Marden is the captain of Bucce’s guards, in case you can’t remember. Also I checked this with prior records and I TLed it as ‘exploration’ back then. Now that the ability is explained clearly, I’m changing it to Probe.)

“‘Probe’?” Nalaethar shook his head: “We simply call it ‘Evaluation’, if a name is needed. It is something every Silver Elf warrior would learn, so that we can gauge the battlefield with that particular skill.”





“Huh?” Brendel looked blankly at the Elf. “What exactly is it used for?”

He had never heard of a skill like that before. The closest skill to Probe was Eagle Eye, a skill that was much better. Not only did it have the same effects of Probe, there was a chance to steal techniques of the enemies killed. However, he would never be to learn this technique because the person who taught it was against Aouine’s princess, and he had no interest to betray this kingdom.

But he was certainly interested in this new skill that he had never heard before. Given how formidable the Silver Elves were, the skills that they recognized would definitely be good stuff.

The Elven commander stared at Brendel as he replied: “I remember that you said you would bring victory to us. I had kept your words in my mind and shall use this skill as a bet. I’ll teach this skill to you if you are able to bring victory to us.”

Once the Elven commander finished speaking, he turned his head away and smiled faintly without Brendel’s notice.

[Shit, I knew it wasn’t going to be that easy. Well that’s fine. Both victory and the skill are as good as mine anyways. An unknown skill in the game that I have never seen or heard before….. That’s a little surprising.]

Suddenly he felt the Nightsong Tiger’s elbow knocking on his side. He looked at where the latter was pointing and noticed the mercenaries readying their weapons. Even though it was only for a short moment, he knew that the long awaited enemies had arrived.

The first group that entered the valley were thirty odd Lizardmen dragoons.

They trod under the moonlight and proceeded through the cold boulders, quickly reaching the lowest point of the valley. The next group of units were the Lizardmen infantry with lances and crossbows. These monsters were not like a formal army, and the equipment on their bodies were messily put together. There were no banners that they carried, and were comprised of small squadrons led by Lizardmen who wore an armband.

The leaders of the small squadrons chattered and made a din, gurgling high pitch noises that kept the individuals who were out of order and their flanks from becoming too scattered. They marched in disorderly lines of twos and threes and did not form a tactical formation because they were still far away from the humans they were after.

The long snaking army of Lizardmen passed through the valley, and the mercenaries turned their heads one by one to look for Brendel’s signal, but he shook his head. The Lizardmen were not the only enemies and it was not the best moment to attack yet.

After a few minutes later, the Dark Bishop finally appeared. Because he was not a melee profession, he did not appear in the front or flanks, and was surrounded by a bunch of high ranking disciples. Brendel recognized them easily as high-ranking disciples from their attire, and also spotted two single-armed demons walking along them with large strides. They were called Bachsa; they were once warriors with great sins cast into hell and subsequently turned into lesser demons which had formidable attacking strength.

More than half of the Lizardmen had crossed beyond the mercenaries.





Brendel suddenly looked to his left and right before asking: “Where’s Amandina?”

“It seems that Miss Romaine had called her away.” The Nightsong Tiger answered.

Brendel answered with a contemplative affirmation. He was slightly worried about that crazy lass causing mayhem again, but he felt better once he heard Amandina was with her. The only thing left to do was to properly handle this battle. He stared at the valley, with the Lizardmen not detecting the killing intent from him.

The youth carefully pulled out his sword, taking care to place it under the shadows and pointing to the enemies.

It was the signal to attack.

The curtains were pulled back and the battle commenced with crossbows firing at the same time. The mercenaries carefully aimed for their preys as they clenched their teeth and pulled the triggers. The taut strings shot the metallic bolts out and returned to their former unloaded positions. The slightly misty air parted from the projectiles and dull thuds could be heard as the bolts bit into flesh.

The Lizardmen were only in time to turn their heads as they heard the ‘twang’ sounds, and more than a dozen of their men who carried crossbows were shot down. Even though most of them did not lose their lives from that, the immense impact had knocked them painfully to the ground and caused them to lose their abilities to continue fighting.

“”””Attack!””” High-pitched chattering and screams could be heard from the Lizardmen.

The Lizardmen who were not fully evolved instinctively tried to get ready for battle, but the second wave of bolts were fired unerringly into their midst once again. Their own ranged Lizardmen were picked off one by one, and panic started to spread amongst them like wildfire. The foliage suddenly parted and twenty Elven warriors wielding broadswords charged at them with a disciplined formation, displaying the fervent aura of the warriors seven centuries ago and making it seem like there were thousands of warriors behind them.

Such were their killing intent.

The Dark Bishop were nearly frightened out of his senses when he saw this scene. He immediately thought that the Lizardmen must have offended this ancient race one too many times and caused them to reappear in this world after disappearing for hundreds of years.

[I’m going to kill that fucking lizard Hewjil! Shit, this is the famous Silver Elven army that participated in the War of the Holy Saints!]

The Dark Bishop’s hands trembled as he stared the Silver Elves who had the strength of the strongest Gold-ranked fighters.





He really wished that the Lizardmen were enough to act like cannon fodder and stall for a little time, but it seemed like it was wishful thinking. The immense potency of their charge was like a stake driving into the heart of the Lizardmen’s formations, causing them to be knocked high up in the sky with blood and sinew raining down. Their lithe and bony structures then crashed loudly onto the ground, causing them to die immediately or become heavily injured.

The heavy Elven infantry quickly regrouped and continued to decimate their lines. Even though the Lizardmen outnumbered them by ten times, they were one-sidedly slaughtered.

The mercenaries continued to reload and fire and gave support to the Elven infantry, while Brendel and Nightsong Tiger and the Elven commander stealthily moved at the same time towards the battlefield.

Brendel was seeing something that he did not expect as numbers and lights kept flashing in his eyes. His XP was going up all the time. The XP obtained from his mercenaries was one thing—

[Holy shit! Boosted XP mode because I entered the conditions for a 100% completion rating for this quest? Going by game logic I should actually receive very little XP because the Silver Elves have higher levels than the Lizardmen!]



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 107




TL: Ok, I’ll see you on wednesday for a regular update of TAS. I’m going to go back to my art practice. Once again, thanks for your support.

[Read more…]

Chapter 107 – Lure (6)

Brendel quickly recovered from the surprise and eagerly rushed to activate his Charge skill, moving across the terrain in a straight line, passed through the mercenaries and Elven infantry to swoop down into the thick of the fray. Dozens of Lizardmen rushed at him with their lances.

“Good! Come at me!” Brendel roared.





He activated Power Break and swung his sword to strike at the incoming weapons, knocking back the Lizardmen easily. With his current strength, he easily pushed back the Level 19 creatures.

He then took another large step forward, gripped his sword’s hilt tightly with two hands and swung it from right to left. The air instantly distorted and a translucent ripple could be seen rending the Lizardmen’s flesh and passing through them.

The foliage around him fluttered backwards freely from the Sword Rave’s shockwave. A series of green words and numbers filled his retina as the Lizardmen’s bodies separated into half. The enemies around him fell into a quick silence as they retreated in fear as the body parts were strewn in a fan-shaped area in front of Brendel.

There were only a few physical techniques that utilized thin air to wound the enemies other than magic and unsealed Elements. Medissa’s area of effect abilities did not come from her own Elven techniques but the Spectral Knight’s techniques. In order for a Silver Elf to do the same thing, they had to reach the peak level of 60 before possessing similar capabilities.

Brendel drew his sword back and changed his stance into a defensive one, taking time to breathe in properly.





Even though he killed only seven Lizardmen, the effect was more than enough to demoralize them. The Lizardmen nearest to him had their morale bars plunging to a red color, and they started to retreat away from him. The space around him was empty and gave enough time to check the amount of XP that he got.

[60 XP for these Lizardmen wielding a lance. A level 19 creature would give around 20 XP. I’m getting nearly three times the XP of a normal mob creature when I killed these lizards, this is just like how it is in the game. The Elven infantry got me 200 plus XP, I got 420 XP from my charge. If I kill a few Lizardmen leaders and the mobs around them, I’m going to level up!]

Brendel felt his blood burning hot. He was at 3200/7900 XP, and only had a chunk of XP required to get to reach level 25.

[Level 25 is a new checkpoint. Not only do I get a new talent, I can get the third ability from my profession. Along with that, I’m goint to be classified as a Silver ranked fighter, and only at the age of only nineteen. That’s at the level of a ‘Blessed’ character!]

Even though Brendel had never looked down on his NPC status, he was quite irritated to see ridiculous talents popping up around him with Gold-ranked abilities and stats.

[Or maybe I should target the level 25 dragoons or disciples first— Hold on, should I go after the Dark Bishop now?]

Brendel quickly swiveled his eyes around to look for the Dark Bishop in excitement. His eyes were starting to become bloodshot as he drooled over that sizable XP. However, what he saw was a group of high ranking disciples rushing to the Elven infantry like a wave. He realized that the Dark Bishop did not wish for the Lizardmen’s formation to break completely.

Once the Lizardmen’s army was cut into half, it would become difficult for the Dark Bishop to give orders, as well as becoming slower to respond to the enemy’s attacks. He knew that if he lost control of the battlefield, his chances to escape will be reduced significantly, thus he had no choice but to send out his disciples in order to prevent the situation from becoming worse.

Over ten Disciples brandished their weapons while riding the boar-like demons certainly looked imposing, but the Elven infantry had already moved back into position and lined up with Brendel, ready for them. The Lizardmen were impeded by the mercenaries’ ranged attacks and there were not many obstacles between the disciples and the Elves.

If the Dark Bishop was a little better in commanding, he could order the Lizardmen around him to charge at the mercenaries on the hill. This would even the odds a little bit more, but he was simply not suited to lead. The only things he had in mind were to prevent the lines from splitting altogether and protecting himself.

After issuing his commands to his men to prevent any enemies from coming near him, he started to prepare his spells, but Brendel had already found him and formed a plan—

=============== Amandina’s POV ============

The war cries in the valley started to mix together and Amandina could no longer discern what was happening. The battle below seemed like it was happening in another world

When the cool wind blew over the hill’s top which was completely bare and void of foliage, she shivered and coughed lightly once, before tightening the cloak around herself. She stood alone in the open cliff and looked at her surroundings in slight fear, then turned back to check a certain crevice in the wall and whispered in exasperation:

“Romaine, are you still not done?”

“I’m almost done.” Her voice came back like she was finishing soon.

Amandina sighed. She had heard of that answer a few times already, but she knew that Romaine would definitely ignore her grumblings even if she tried, so she could only stomp her feet to get rid of the cold.

However, Romaine was really about to finish what she was doing. She went deeper into the narrow crevice and walked in the dark area without hesitation. Any normal person would feel frightened of this tight area that was void of light, but she walked with an excited expression as she reached her destination. She reached into her pouch and pulled out a crystal, bent down to her feet, cleared the small rocks on the ground and placed the crystal on top of it.





She got up and count the places where she laid five other crystals, nodded and finally came out from the crevice with a light-hearted expression. She discovered Amandina with her frowning eyebrows that nearly touched her eyes which were filled with full of discontent and blame.

“I’m regretting this already. Let’s go back now.” Amandina shivered and coughed from the cold.

“Don’t worry, it’s just a small experiment and Brendel won’t notice it at all,” Romaine showed a lopsided grin and pulled Amandina’s arm: “Let’s move on to the next location.”

“W-wait……”

“Give me more of that crystal.”

“What are you trying to do!” Amandina’s wary hands went over her pouch. It was unlucky enough that that damned girl discovered her secret, but she did not want to have anything to do with her crazy acts.

“But your calculations are fine right?”

“Of course!” She gritted her teeth as she answered: “Romaine, you horrible woman, I’m actually a recognized student in Lantonrand’s Royal Geology Circle…….”

Romaine immediately made a disappointed sigh.

=============== Brendel’s POV ==============

A Wind Bullet and a Fireball.

When the explosion of burning air finally dissipated from the battlefield, the high ranking disciples had been turned into ashes.

[Ring of the Wind Empress, 20 OZ, 30 damage, Flame ring, 24 OZ, 70 damage. That’s enough to clear out these Silver-ranked disciples. I was worried there might be some elite demons that came along with the disciples, but it looks like my concern was for nothing. If I think about it, they are unlikely to come into this world in great numbers…… Unless a flag is somehow raised and the Gate of Demons is opened, cough—]

Brendel’s XP was raised by two thousand points. He was nearly level twenty five. He quickly lowered his sword and gave new orders to the Elven infantry: “Attack the enemies’ flanks, get rid of the Lizardmen and clear a path for me. The BOSS, I mean, leave the leader to me! Got it?”

Twenty Elves nodded at the same time.

“How about me, my lord?” The Nightsong tiger asked.





“Go along with Nalaethar.” Brendel replied.

“You don’t need any help?” The Elven commander asked.

“Just leave the leader to me, I don’t want that bastard to die off too quickly.” Brendel answered.

He had other thoughts about the Dark Bishop. Even though the latter had abilities and stats equivalent to a level 35 normal NPC, his true level was only 25 and Brendel actually had an easier time to deal with enemies with lower levels.

Without giving them a chance to argue, the youth charged towards the Dark Bishop, but two Bachsa demons that were nearly three meters tall were obstructing him.

They were aggressive demons who also had the Charge abilities, and could be said to be the bane of low level archers and wizards. Brendel stopped before them for a split moment before going around their backs like a stealthy spirit. His hair flitted about as their weapons missed him before they landed onto the ground with a resounding crash.

Although the demons had the Charge abilities, their agility was incredibly low and their regular strength were also no match for Brendel’s strike combined with Power Break. His sword danced across the demons’ bodies, painting injuries across them one after another as he constantly moved behind them and biting at their backs. The demons were slowly bleeding to their deaths, but they were not even able to catch a glimpse of Brendel’s appearance.

The Dark Bishop did not waste any time and quickly finished casting his spell. He screamed and directed a bolt of lightning towards Brendel who had kept an eye on him.

[Claws of the Demon, a magic spell of the Third Circle.]

Brendel easily recognized the magic spell. It was a spell that had two effects. Even though it was based on the Dark Element, the dark energy converted Hellfire into burning damage, while the second effect caused a loss of speed. As a magic spell of the Third Circle, the effects were much more effective than an Ice Arrow. It would literally seal the enemy onto the ground with dark energy unless they had over 40 OZ strength, and would only dissipate after a couple of minutes.

This spell was one of the most common spells amongst Dark Elementalists and Witches, and were primarily used for a sneak attack. Brendel really wanted to tell the Dark Bishop it should not be used in this manner when he saw this ugly sight. During the early days in the game, players simply used this spell without thinking until much later, where they discovered that it was better used with a combined spell to hide the flashy effects, or even used as a close combat spell.

The reason for that was because the spell needed careful aim.

When Brendel saw the Dark Bishop’s hand stretched out, he immediately kicked the Bachsa’s body in front of him to block the lightning’s path. Hundreds of black electricity sparks chained the body onto the ground and spluttered hellfire everywhere. It was an impressive sight, but the spell effectiveness was rendered to zero as it missed its intended target.

He then activated Power Break again with an upwards swing of his sword, sundering the other demon’s neck and arm and instantly killed it with the body parts flying high up into the air.

Brendel took a moment to take a deep breath. The recent addition of the Spectral Knight’s crystal had caused the effectiveness of Power Break to increase his strength to over 30 OZ, but the drain on his stamina was even higher than before.

Fortunately, the balls of light that flew from the demons into his body caused him to level up and his body felt lighter than before. Green words streaked across his retina:

– You have reached Level 25. New talents are available.

– You have gained the technique Frontal Assault;

– Frontal Assault (Level 0): Spend 5 stamina and break the opponent’s defenses (Armor, Magic, Natural), causing your enemies’ defenses to weaken by 1.7 OZ.

– Detected an Item of Destiny: ‘The Golden Seed of Destiny’. Do you wish to activate the destiny of ‘The Golden Dawn’?

[What the fuck! No, I refuse to activate!]

Brendel was stunned for a moment before he hurriedly shook his head.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 108




TL: This chapter is kinda short but I feel like there’s info dumping here….. Erm, I’ll be translating the JP series and TSTBGAM tomorrow.

[Read more…]

Chapter 108 – Lure (7)

The Golden Apple was a unique God-tier item in the game. Using that item would open the Destiny’s Gift of ‘The Golden Dawn’. The unique talent from this gift was ‘The Leaves of the Golden Tree’, derived from the true Golden Tree, and not the corrupted and useless Golden Demonic Tree.

The in-game lore of the Golden Tree described its true name as ‘Prana, The World Tree’, which was found at the edge of the world next to the Deep Lake. Indeed, it was one of the sources that provided the Golden Bloodline, and the talent rewarded a full 10% growth for all stats, and increased the Spiritual Points (SP) by ten times.

In the game, only a few of the best Elementalists managed to activate this talent through a quest. The Golden Apple was a dream for countless gamers.

This chance was presented in front of Brendel and in reach of his hands. As soon as he nodded, all his stats would increase and effectively add his MP pool by two times. He would even gain the passive ability ‘Quaduraple Casting’, which made it possible to effectively cast four different spells at the same time. It was the best ability any profession that used spells could have, and affectionately called as ‘The Fairy’s Language’ by the gamers.





All the analysis websites rated the Golden Dawn with a S+ Grade, and was even seen as an option for the warrior class simply because of the stats growth. It was even more compatible with Brendel, because he ultimately had to take on a side profession as an Elementalist to become a Planeswalker.

However, he did not hesitate for one moment and refused it entirely.

Even though the talent was good, he only had one chance to choose and wanted only the best talents, or at least the best available talents for his plan in this world. The game had countless gamers vying for the limited professions, but this world was different because there was no one at all—

He understood there were many opportunities in this world, and the Golden Dawn was merely something that looked decent.

He had two Talents he wanted:

Primeval Bloodline – All Stats increased by 10%, a reduction of 50% in penalty for taking side professions.

Genealogy Unification – All professions gain a unique modified skillset.

The first ability gave incredible value as Brendel had no idea how many professions he had to take on in the future, and the more professions he had, the more penalties he was going to have.

The second ability boosted all professions in some form, and he remembered that it added Fabled Hero to the Warrior Class: All abilities within the Warrior Skill Tree were increased by one level.

In the game, techniques were classified as such.

1-5: Elementary

6-10: Advanced

11-15: Veteran

16-20: Master

21 and above: Grandmaster

Classifications above Grandmaster had various names, but the highest of them all was Legendary, and could only be achieved by Genealogy Unification, or at least this was the only method Brendel knew of.

The grades of each ability would go up by one when they reached the Legendary tier. Many gamers wondered how overpowered a character would be if they managed to raise their all their professions’ abilities’ levels to the max, but that was practically impossible to achieve even for pay-to-win players. (TL: Basically Grade B skill will become Grade A, etc.)





That was why some of the gamer analysts called Genealogy Unification the ‘fake SS’ Talent. Other rumored SS talents in the game were Marsha’s Progeny or The Azure Catastrophe described by NPCs which had never appeared in the game.

Brendel did not hope to acquire any of the SS rated talents, but he had a rough idea on how the quests for these two Talents he wanted to have. As long as there was a general walkthrough or described process he had read, he was confident that he could do the same like what the previous title holders had accomplished.

[I’m not going to make a shitty choice again. Choosing a garbage talent like Unyielding…… If I had the choice of choosing the talent Dragon’s Scion or Ironwill, my combat stats would be twenty percent better. I need to choose the best talents available now so that I can recoup my losses. No, no, no, I refuse to activate!]

Brendel answered in his mind and rotated his body to evade a Mana Arrow from the Dark Bishop. It was a low level spell which did not need a long casting spell, designed to prevent Brendel from getting too close, and not for the purpose of hitting him.

All the disciples had died and there were only ten plus Lizardmen who were shivering from fear as they guarded the Dark Bishop. He knew they were useless and could only rely on his own strength, even if the situation looked hopeless. He threw another Mana Arrow while hurling curses on Hewjil for failing to provide information on the twenty Silver Elves. Even up to till this point, he did not understand that he had being lured into a trap by Brendel, who continued to dodge his arrows.

[If you reach level 30 and got the passive ability ‘Spirit Vein’ from your profession, I might worry about your ability to do dual casting. Why are you wasting your mana to cast low level spells? Is your MP higher than my stami—]

The option to activate the Talent had faded away when Brendel rejected it, but a new message appeared:

– Your character has reached Level 25. Your talent Unyielding has been upgraded as a bonus.

– Unyielding (Level 2): Your character has obtained gained Elemental Resistance +5, and a 5% physical damage reduction.

[……..]

Brendel immediately canceled the Window to stop it from interrupting his mood to fight. Even though it was quite a good talent for a tank there were no warriors in the game who took on the role of tanks, especially when Brendel took on a variant profession as a Mercenary. This message looked like it was mocking him.

[Just exactly who would allow a monster to hit them on purpose in this world?!]

The Silver Elves forced the Lizardmen to the sides of the hill, and the Dark Bishop finally realized his mistake when the path between Brendel and him cleared up slowly. Brendel also noticed the Mana Arrows had stopped and peered at the Dark Bishop who was gathering Dark Element around him, which caused black smoke to circle around him. It was apparent to Brendel that the Dark Bishop was casting a high level magic spell.

The latter forcefully swung his sword to knock any remaining Lizardmen in his path and activated his Charge ability, and instantly turned into a straight line rushing towards the Dark Bishop. Before any of the Lizardmen around the Dark Bishop could react, Brendel had bypassed them to reach the Dark Bishop’s side.





He planted his right foot forward, raised his sword upwards to the sky, activated Power Break and cleaved the Dark Bishop into two — that should have happened, but a black shield that reflected no light appeared, and caused a loud clang when the sword crashed onto it.

[What…..?]

Brendel was slightly stunned as he saw the Dark Bishop’s bony arm holding on to a shield that suddenly appeared out from nowhere. The Dark Bishop leered at Brendel as he shrugged off his sword and pointed with his other hand, firing off black flames from his fingers, and formed into a familiar shape.

“Mana Arrow!”





TL: Well the cliff is kind of real… I’ll have to see how long are the other series’ TLed length before I can tell you whether I can spend time on the next TAS chapter and squeeze one in for the weekend. If the TSTBGAM chapter is another 3-4k words again, well, the next regular update for TAS will be next Wednesday.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 109




TL: Some important stuff that I want to talk about after the intro notes.

[Read more…]

TL: As you know, I tl TSTBGAM along with TAS regularly. The reason why I tl TSTBGAM is mainly because I wanted something to distract myself from TAS ‘serious’ plotline. In the past TAS took just slightly more than 3 hours, because I didn’t really need to worry about the format of the skill names or search for continuity checks.

However, like I have explained a while ago, the time to TL has gone up. Not only do I have to make the sure the action scenes are making sense, I have to check the skill names in the past and (future) to make sure there’s no TL errors, squash redundancy lines and format stats descriptions. Now one chapter takes 4-5 hours.

As for TSTBGAM, the recent chapters are killing me. It used to be around 1k words per chapter, but it suddenly ramped up to 3.5k to 4.5k words. What used to be 2 hours per chapter, turned to 7-8 hours. Don’t get me wrong, it’s still fun to watch Sue making life miserable for a bunch of people, but I’m pretty much sitting on the chair without a break for that 7-8 hours.

For those of you who always wanted more TAS chapters, well, you’re probably going to get slightly more for the near foreseeable future. Note on PROBABLY, so don’t get excited.

In the mean time, I want to TL a R18 JP series (the series is probably targeted towards the female audience? Haven’t really read it…) that’s going to replace TSTBGAM. If I’m going to spend 7-8 hours to TL then I’ll want to do to improve my kanji dictionary instead.

How long will the hiatus be? Probably 1-2 months, with a freeze on donations too. Right now it’s at a pretty good point for me to stop because the plot won’t move till a few chapters later.

Finally, this chapter is brought to you by donators. Thanks for your constant support. Next regular update will be on next wednesday.

Chapter 109 – Looting the body and an accident

“Mana Arrow!” The Dark Bishop screeched as he launched it towards Brendel.

Brendel clenched his teeth and evaded the arrow by twisting his body, letting it slide across his chest. The hellfire scorched his skin and he felt like his whole body was set ablazed. Even though there was damage done, the outcome was much better than having a few of his ribs broken.

[Damn it. Even though I was on my guard against the Dark Bishop’s Cast Invisibility spell, I still got damaged.]





In the game, the tanking professions would usually take this damage, but Brendel was certain that he would not get caught by it with his reactions and was not disappointed by his agility.

If he failed to evade it, then the next few attacks would be a set of combination spells from the Dark Bishop. He would not get killed by that, but would definitely suffer for the next few days.

[But this is the only time where I can get full solo XP, since the Nightsong Tiger and the others will probably rush to help me out. In any case, now that the Dark Bishop has failed, it’s going to be my turn for a counter-attack.]

Brendel leapt and immediately got behind the Dark Bishops’s back with another swing of his sword.

As he expected, the Dark Bishop flung his arm in an arc and allowed the black shield to intercept Brendel’s sword, while a pile of black flames appeared on his left hand again.

[Although my attack only took 1/3 of the durability away, do you really think I can’t break your Shield of Darkness that only has 10 points?]

Brendel scoffed as he jumped backwards to avoid the second Mana Arrow. There was no need to be impatient.

The exchange of attacks took place during Brendel’s Charge ability. The Lizardmen realized their target had disappeared, and paused for a moment blankly before they started to search for him. When they spotted him again, they saw him attacking the Dark Bishop with a sword that was shining brightly—

He had called out the Stats Window during his retreat, and raised Frontal Assault to level five. At that level the defenses would be weakened by 10 OZ, and was effectively the bane of warriors who wore Heavy Armor as well as wizards with high level barriers.

Brendel’s sword started to vibrate intensely as the blade reflected the moonlight, and making it seem like it was clad with light.

The sword went in a straight line.

[Power Break, Frontal Assault, activate!] Brendel felt as though all his strength leaving his body and poured into the thrust.

The results did not disappoint him. The Dark Bishop stared at his shield which was breaking into a shower of fragments in great disbelief. That ordinary looking sword emerged past his abdomen and back without stopping, and once it did so, Brendel immediately released his sword and went behind his back.

When he did so, the Dark Bishop screamed loudly as excessive quantities of dark flames poured out from his eyes, nostrils, mouth and injuries. The strength of the flames which were more than ten times stronger than the Mana Arrow, caused Brendel who went behind his back to feel the Dark Element boiling in the sky and made his skin prick painfully.

Burning life points and converting them into Mana. This was the last defense of any Elementalist. It could be used instantly, but only someone like the Dark Bishop was insane enough to use every bit of his life force to kill Brendel along with himself.

Brendel had suffered this suicidal move in the past so he made sure to avoid it. If he took that head on, he was most likely going to be dead or at the very least near death.

That well made Whitesteel Longsword was probably destroyed. Unless it was a magic artifact, most of the normal artifacts would be destroyed from the Mana Explosion. He was not even sure if there was anything going to be left from it.





He then turned around and smiled at the Lizardmen who were planning to surround him.

He felt that his smile was quite sincere and friendly, but the Lizardmen looked at him like he as though he was a horrifying monster. Even someone as strong as the Dark Bishop was killed by the youth in an instant, while they were just insignificant minions who would not make a difference in this battle. They could not help but look at each other with doubt, then quickly turned around and ran away.

Their actions certainly fit the actions that stereotypical bandits would make.

They were able to relish that the fact that the youth did not go after them. The truth was Brendel was actually in a weakened state. The combination of Power Break and Frontal Assault had used up fifteen times the Stamina required to use a full swing. Even though he still had stamina remaining he felt quite exhausted.

[Whatever. This battle is at its end anyway. Let’s see. I got 4200 points from the Dark Bishop, and my current XP is 5645/13600, oh, it’s still going up huh……]

He looked up and saw the Silver Elves breaking the Lizardmen’s formation wide open, and chased them to paths that were narrow and complicated. When the Dark Bishop died, the Lizardmen were unable to form any resistance any longer and started to flee.

In the beginning, there were still some resemblance of a defensive formation, but it quickly descended into a chaotic retreat.

[The only thing left to do in this battle was to just wait for the XP to come in.]

Brendel went ahead and sat beside the Dark Bishop without touching anything. Since he was unlucky in finding good loot from the bodies, he wanted to wait for the older Elementalist sister to handle the corpse.

He took out a Moonlight Crystal out, activated it and threw it up into the air. This was the signal to inform the mercenaries they no longer needed to support the battle with ranged attacks, and they should regroup with him.

Since it was boring to wait for them, Brendel started to study his stats.

[Strength and Physique are over 25 oz, agility was added by 3 OZ from the level up. I’ve definitely reached the minimum qualification for a Silver-rank fighter. Adding my other abilities like Power Break and Frontal Assault will allow me to reach the top tier fighters of this rank.]





“That’s two months. Do you believe that, old pal? You turned from a common militia to the level of an Apprentice Knight with the strength of a Silver-rank fighter. Even the formal Bucce guards can’t even compare to you now. Trust me when I say our road is still far ahead-” Brendel smiled a little as he placed his hand over his chest and muttered. The Brendel from the game world felt a surge of emotions within him. It was true that level 25 was really nothing to him.

The mercenaries made their way down from the forest, and the former Grey Wolves Mercenaries were especially excited. They knew very little about their new lord compared to the others. Even though Brendel said he would bring them victory, they did not realize that it would be won so easily and without casualties.

They were outnumbered by nearly seven times, and there were Silver-ranked demons and the Dark Bishop who constantly hounded them in the past like an unending nightmare. Sanford was still a little agitated when he ran to Brendel’s side, and he suddenly felt there was something different about his lord, and caused him to forget his manners. He approached close to him and asked excitedly: “My lord, did you break your limits?”

Brendel nodded.

“The lord is only twenty years old, and he attained the might of a Silver-rank fighter,” The Grey Wolves Mercenaries looked at each other and murmured amongst themselves. “We are fortunate enough to witness the birth of two prodigies.”

“Two?” Brendel said.

“The member within our former Grey Wolves Mercenaries. His name is Eke.” Sanford replied.

“So it’s him.” Brendel raised his eyebrow. He was not really concerned with that name, so he quickly looked for that person amongst the mercenaries, spotted the Elementalist older sister and immediately beckoned his hand in that direction: “Over here, lucky babe, come over here and loot this body!”

Everyone stopped talking when they heard him —

They first looked at where Brendel was looking at, hesitated for a while, before putting their eyes on the older Elementalist sister. She looked at the people around her before pointing at herself: “Me?”

“Yeah, didn’t I ask you before to do this task?” Brendel pointed at the Dark Bishop: “Loot the body…. No, I mean, tidy up the victory items.”





The girl’s pretty looking brows frowned as she bit her lower lips, while she glared at Brendel: “My lord, my name is Felaern, and not l-lucky babe!” Her heavily accented tongue caused her to nearly bite her tongue. She was looking coldly at him as she thought he was trying to cause trouble for her.

“Ah, no, you see, Felaern, lucky babe is something we say to praise someone in my hometown.”

But he immediately saw her looking back at him with suspicion.

“My lord, I have also been to Karsuk, but the locals have never said something like that before…..” Sanford reminded him from the side.

“No, this talk is between us wizards.” Brendel’s recovery was very quick.

“What does it mean?”





“It means that the person’s luck is very good, very moe, and a totally hot girl.”

Even though the Elementalist sister did not know what moe meant, she understood there were some ill intentions somewhere. She glared at her lord as she confirmed in her heart that all human males were certainly lustful beasts. However, she was a subordinate to him, so she did not make any disrespectful actions, nodded and did what she was ordered to.

Suddenly there was a series of soft bangs in the east hills. At first the sounds continued with low rumbles, before clear cracking sounds mixed with thunder-like booms could be heard. The ground where they were standing trembled.

Brendel looked at the pebbles at his feet which moved like they were dancing.

[Why are these sounds so familiar. They sound like Exploding Crystals used in the second Madara War. Come to think of it, I haven’t heard these sounds in the game for decades. How nostalgic…… Wait, what?!]

Brendel’s expression changed and immediately looked up. Indeed, the cliffs in the east were being destroyed in a pile of rising dust clouds.

Everyone stared with gaping mouths as they watched the rocks fly everywhere —



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 110




TL: I’ll be posting another TAS chapter tomorrow.

[Read more…]

Ramblings: I ruined a perfectly fine pork belly by accident. It was the saltiest and driest pork I have cooked in a while, darn it. It tasted so good in the beginning too :/

Chapter 110 – Accidental bounty

Romaine was in a rare state where she was quiet and still, sitting obediently in front of Brendel with a lowered head. If she did not peek from the corners of her eyes at Brendel, she actually appeared to be quite like a noble’s daughter.

Of course that would only be true, if one was to discount her shabby appearance, with her face covered with soot and her tattered clothes.

The real noble’s daughter who sat beside Romaine was roughly in the same state. She clutched her cloak that was full of holes from the explosion with a lowered head that was covered with full of ashes, and appeared anxious.

“Brendel, I……” Romaine saw Brendel’s furious face relaxed a little and rushed to explain herself, but before she was able to finish her sentence, the latter’s glare sent her words back down her throat.





She had no choice but to lower her head gloomily.

She was sure that her plan was perfect, and if it was not for the small mistake at the end , she would have helped him a lot. Even if there was just a tiny problem at the end, it flattened a few Lizardmen right? It even sealed off their escape route too.

She told herself that she needed to put less Exploding Crystals the next time she did it.

If Brendel knew what she was thinking, he would probably spank her immediately. He and Nalaethar went to inspect the area after the explosions. Based on Amandina’s calculation, the plan was indeed able to kill the majority of the Lizardmen that escaped towards the hills. Unfortunately it was clear that she worked with the wrong person, or to be precise, that plan would never have materialized. If the troublemaker Romaine did not see that plan, then the plan would simply remain on paper.

Unfortunately, history did not have the word ‘if’ in it. Just like how Romaine did not have the word ‘caution’ in her dictionary, her plans were constructed in reality.

Brendel cast his gaze back on Amandina. She seemed to feel his eyes looking at her, and she shrank a little and said in a small voice: “I’m sorry my lord, this is my fault…..”

“No, this has nothing to do with you.” Brendel shook his head.

Amandina’s mind was blank for a moment. She thought he would ask her to take responsibility for this matter. It was clear to everyone how much he spoiled Romaine, and if something was to happen to her, she did not know how Brendel would react. She had gotten used to being Brendel’s aide and his finances, and she felt that she would not be able to go back to her old life if he did not want to use her any longer.

[If Romaine did not change Amandina’s dosage on her own she would not have caused the explosion to go wrong. In the end, only a few Lizardmen died and nearly caused the two of them to get buried because of the improper explosion. If Amandina did not realize something was wrong and reacted early by getting to safety, the results would have been disastrous.]

Brendel could not help but glare at Romaine when he thought about this point. This was also the thing that made him the angriest. He did not mind Romaine helping out, as long as she did not act senselessly and placed herself in danger.

He sighed and rubbed his forehead.

This girl from Bucce looked as if she was able to see things clearly like it was an innate talent, but at times she seemed so out of the world that it caused him headaches.





“Amandina, did you create plans like this all the time?” He suddenly asked.

Amandina felt troubled again and was full of shame. He had treated her like an equal noble of his status, and other than the slight difficulty of traveling, she felt that there was nothing to complain about.

“I apologize……”

“No,” Brendel continued to glare at Romaine to check whether she was reflecting on her mistake.: “I’m asking if you’re coming up with plans on your own whenever something is happening.”

She blinked twice before nodding. Ever since she joined him, she had planned various schemes every time he acted and was even proud of them, but he was always better and certainly proved that she was always lacking. In front of his foresight which was verging on precognition, she felt that it was almost like a joke for wanting to become his advisor

Even so, she had never given up on this habit. Now she made these plans to judge herself instead of her initial goal to become his advisor. She would constantly check her plans as the events unfold to see whether she had improved on her old mistakes, but she did not expect Romaine to peek at her boldest plans amongst the ones she did.

She felt like Mother Marsha was playing a joke on her.

“Why didn’t you show them to me?” He asked.

“I…..”

The youth was silent for a moment as he guessed what she was thinking. “Miss Amandina, you were the one to recommend yourself to become my advisor. Since that is the case, isn’t it to be expected for you to tell me your plans?”

“I’m sorry…… I know that, but all the time your plans…… I didn’t know that I’m so immature. In the future, I’ll—”

“Brendel, the entire thing is my fault, stop picking on Amandina-” Romaine interrupted the conversation.

Brendel nearly failed to keep a straight face from the sudden interruption because he was angry.

[Shit. Luckily I told the Nightsong Tiger and Nalaethar to give me some space, otherwise I really can’t maintain my appearance as a lord.]

He took a deep breath, ignored Romaine and continued his words from before: “Miss Amandina, there’s no one who is accomplished from the very beginning. You are especially different, as there are very few who has an astute mind like yours. If you give up your chance to become my advisor because of your childish thoughts, then you’re wasting your talents and Mother Marsha’s efforts.”

Amandina looked at him with confusion and incomprehension.

“There is always a limit to a person’s understanding of a given situation. The Nightsong Tiger is able to help me solve many things because of his experience, but he cannot match one particular thing that you possess.” He pointed repeatedly at his head as he looked at her. “Miss Amandina. I hope that you don’t stay outside of my circle any longer. I believe you can help me. Are you willing to do so?”

He wanted to give her confidence and comfort. A conman like himself could easily shake her confidence, especially when she had such a strong desire to win.

[Even if I don’t change history too much, this foresight of mine can only last for a few years. In the game the players had a great impact of how the world turned out, and without their interaction in this world, ‘history’ will definitely differ from what I know. Even though I can still use my experience to look at things, the ability to know what the future holds will be heavily discounted. Just this mission alone is enough to show me that there were things I missed out.]

In the game he was not the best warrior or the best commander, and while he could try to become the former with items and experience, the latter had to be done with other means.





[I have the Goddess of War with me in the future, but that won’t be enough. Amandina can see the entire situation just from a few details and that isn’t something that I can do easily. While she isn’t someone who’s omniscient she’s more than enough to be an advisor.]

Amandina was deeply moved by Brendel’s words. There was nothing more precious than give trust to someone like her who was proud. Even though she still felt that Brendel was merely consoling her, she nodded earnestly and was determined to help him.

Brendel did not expect the shy Amandina to have such a strong reaction as he thought he was only able to dismiss her worries. His eyes went back to Romaine as he asked: “Do you still have any Exploding Crystals left?”

“My lord, you know about them?” Amandina looked at her in disbelief.

“Something like that……” Brendel coughed awkwardly.

[This thing isn’t invented yet? Don’t tell me that this girl also invented the Exploding Crystals too, coincidence much?]

But he still tried to gloss it over: “The High Tower’s wizards have something similar, so I’m just asking.”

“That’s a coincidence,” Amandina said in a small voice: “I named them as Exploding Crystals too. I used the discarded materials during the creation of Magicite. They are capable of piercing through the surrounding structure of an object, displacing their stability, allowing the Elements to become active, and ultimately causes an explosion.”

[You really created this!]

Brendel’s head spun to her again. This was something quite big in the game, although it was gradually phased out in the later half of the Madara War. Gamers agreed that they were the ‘explosives’ in this fantasy world, but the stability of the crystals were poor and not suited to be kept in storage. It was quite effective in the early stages, but the strength of the undead units were eventually strong enough at the end of the war to withstand it.

“Do you have more of them?” He asked.





“I have a few more left,” Amandina immediately answered: “If my lord needs them, I can make them overnight.”

“Overnight?” Brendel’s eyes became wide. Was it not supposed to take at least half a month?

Brendel thought history might have changed because he took her along with him when he saw her nodding. He wanted to ask for more details, but he saw the Nightsong Tiger beckoning at him with an urgent expression.

[Damn it, isn’t he supposed to be with the lucky babe to gather the loot? I wanted to ask about this hack.]

But the Nightsong Tiger looked like he was about to run up, so he quickly gave his instructions: “If it’s possible, I want everyone to have one or two of them. Also, these crystals are unstable right?”

Amandina felt a little numb at Brendel’s know-it-all words and nodded after a moment of shock.

[Okay! It looks like there’s no sudden change in history.]

“I’ll teach you a method to let it stabilize a little longer. But that method’s effectiveness has its limit, so you need to research on it.”

“What?” She uttered a surprised gasp as she watched Brendel leave who appeared relieved.

[He even knows how to stabilize it……]

Her confidence that was repaired from Brendel’s encouragement was once again shattered with his words. She thought she would have at some advantages in creating Magicite-related artifacts, but he seemed to know even more than her.

However, this was a misunderstanding because Brendel did not take on such a profession in the game and knew nothing about it. He did have some knowledge about a few recipes and materials regarding to the profession though.

While Amandina was swimming in a pool of misery, Romaine finally gave a long sigh of relief as the only person who could control her left.

“Thank you, Amandina.” She looked gratefully at Amandina and said.

[I’ll be grateful enough if you don’t give me anymore trouble.] Amandina glanced at her and shook her head hurriedly. She was terrified of this girl.

But Romaine did not seem like she intended to let the only one whom she could talk to off the hook. She thought for a while and asked: “Oh, that’s right, did you see that earlier?”

“That?”

“You know, there are a few flying lights that came towards us like fireflies when we were escaping. Did you notice them?”

“I……”

“Did you?”

“I think I did……”

============= Brendel POV ==============

When Brendel met up with the Nightsong Tiger, he saw him with a thick book covered in leather. That was without a doubt an item from the Dark Bishop, which were covered with scorched marks left from the explosion of Dark Mana.

[The lucky babe really has the golden touch of Midas. She can even scrounge items from one of the poorest mob. Damn, it would be fun to watch the reaction of the other gamers if I can post them screenshots online.]

“What’s this?” He asked.

The Nightsong Tiger looked at him secretively, and opened the book in front of him.

Brendel’s eyes turned into dots when he saw what was in them.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 111




TL: I spent a while to see if I was able to have lezhin’s webcomic in an offline format, and it looks like I can somehow do it with a 3rd party program. The quality is seriously rubbish at 720 pixels wide though. Sigh, I do want to support the authors, guess I’ll have to lay down some moolah -_-…

Anyone read Sweet Guy? I think the art’s really amazing as it improved towards the end. I’m not quite sure about the official title though (He does a body good, seriously?)

Also, two chapters today. I had to cut off my TL halfway yesterday to pack the house.

[Read more…]

Chapter 111 – Planeswalker’s Legacy (1)

“These…… are?” Brendel’s eyes looked a bit vacant.

“They like exactly what they are, my lord,” The Nightsong Tiger’s lips were formed into a straight line to show a sense of mystery and calmness, but his light brown irises were filled excitement: “These are all Cards of Fate!”

He opened the book, flipped the pages and pointed at the cards.

“I know what they are, but why are there so many cards?” Brendel’s eyes were glued to the thick lambskin pages.

There seemed to be six cards in every page and Brendel guessed there were approximately nine thick pages in this book.

“Hmm,” The Nightsong Tiger’s eyebrow strained a little: “I think it’s better to let Ciel answer my lord—”





“Ciel? You know him?” Brendel looked up at him with a questioning look.

“Yes. The cards in your deck are linked together. From a certain point of view, we exist in the same Dimensional Space that my lord created. If we are not summoned, we will stay in the lands that make up the space. The Land Card that you possess pays the Wealth and Element Points required for us. It goes without saying the higher the Card’s rank is, the more wealth you need to pay.” (TL: I understand this as, Land Card is used to pay for summoning a creature, and when a creature goes into the graveyard, it goes back to that specific land.)

“Right.” Brendel took note of the Dimension Space, and checked the remaining resources he had.

– Nature Element: 6 points

– Water Element: 6 points

– Wealth: 67 points

– Reputation: 17 points

His bag also contained Element Crystals; half of them were Fire Crystals.

“You didn’t tell me these things before.Also for some reason, these words doesn’t sound like something you would say.”

The Nightsong Tiger laughed: “Haha. You’re indeed sharp, my lord. These are Ciel’s exact words. I’m simply acting as a messenger.”

“You can converse with him right now?”

The Nightsong Tiger nodded.

“I see,” Brendel said: “If that’s the case, ask him to tell me exactly how the Dark Bishop came to get hold of this collection. I remember that you told me that only Planewalkers, his summons and their permitted followers are able to see them for what they are. Why did this bastard have so many cards? Was he a Planeswalker or something similar, or did you get these cards from something else?”

“No, this is definitely taken from the Dark Bishop, but they are different from the normal cards, this is a Legacy-”

“Wait, what is a Legacy?” Brendel interrupted.

The Nightsong Tiger paused for a while as though he was waiting for an answer, then looked at Brendel and said: “Ciel says that a Planeswalker’s life is finite. When a Planeswalker reaches the end of his life, the cards that he collects will be sealed. Under this condition, the cards will materialize and turn solid. Even a normal person is able to see and touch them in this state. These cards would appear to be no different from a fortune teller’s tarot cards to them. However, to a Planeswalker, they are assets and wealth left behind from another Planeswalker. There are other reasons as to how a collection of cards can be discovered but this is the primary reason.”





“You mean to say that the Dark Bishop got them by chance, but he has no idea what they are?”

“Ciel says that possiblity is very high, but he also says that it might be possible that my lord’s conjecture the Dark Bishop is a Planeswalker, is the correct answer.”

Brendel shook his head, if it was true that the Dark Bishop was a Planeswalker, he would have used the cards on him. Ciel’s reasoning was most likely the correct answer, but he was trying to flatter him.

“If that is the case, isn’t it possible for Planeswalkers to steal each other’s cards?” He asked after thinking for a short while.

“There’s the possibility, but the majority of the Planeswalkers wouldn’t fight to the death over them. Many of the cards are not unique and unless they are truly insane, very few will kill over these cards.”

“What do you mean by unique?”

“There are many duplicate cards in a different location at any given time. Even a newly formed series like the Eversong Card can have similar cards. My lord is able to summon a Highland Squire, Ciel, to work for you. Other Planeswalkers are able to do the same and summon a Highland Squire, except they would summon other names and not specifically Ciel. There might be conditions and rules for their summons to appear, but once they do so, they will not change—” The Nightsong Tiger suddenly shrugged as he raised his hands: “If my lord wants to summon a female eye-candy mercenary commander, with golden flowing hair and azure eyes to work for you, that wouldn’t be possible. Of course, the first half of my reply is from Ciel, the latter half is my humble addition.”

[Are you telling me that I have a preference for older men?] The corner of Brendel’s eyes twitched.

“Your input is unnecessary. You mentioned something about seals earlier, does that mean I’m unable to use these cards directly?

The Nightsong Tiger nodded.

“And why is that?”

The cards were brought closer to Brendel.

“Hmm?”

“Take the collection, look at the cards and you will know.”

Brendel took over the book and touched one of the cards.

– 1400 Reputation

Words immediately popped up, and he focused on the card to get a better look.

– Platinum Angel

– (The Immortal Alliance XIX)

– Requirements: Willpower 40, Mana Points 50

– When Platinum Angel is on the battlefield, the Summoner will not die from injuries.

– Maintanenace: When Platinum Angel is in the battlefield, pay 10 Willpower, 10 Gems every day.

– ‘The secret of immortality is buried in the Angel’s heart.’

– Conditions: Pay 1400 Reputation to unseal this card.





[1400 reputation?! Marsha above, I don’t think I can even steal that much, are you toying with me!]

Brendel nearly dropped the card from his hand. The Highland Squire Card gave 1 Reputation per day and he had got 17 reputation from it thus far. Ever since the card went into the grave, it stopped giving out resources.

He stared at the faceless Platinum Angel which was drawn in a painterly style wordlessly for a moment, then moved on to the next card subconsciously:

– Balm of Life

– (The Immortal Alliance X)

– Requirements: Light Element Points 10, Mana Points 50

– [Divine Equipment/Wondrous Artifact]

– Tap card and pay 5 Light EP. Restore half of your life points and shuffle Balm of Life and your graveyard into your deck.

– ‘The life stored in this bottle doesn’t suit my taste, neither does it taste fresh, but at least the effect is there.’ – Baron Cinder

– Conditions: Pay 2000 Wealth to unseal this card.

Brendel bit his lips to resist throwing the card onto the ground. There was a bit of wealth saved up by him, but it was definitely not 2000 wealth. He started to wonder if the Nightsong Tiger brought the book over in order to hurt his pride. The cards looked really powerful, but it was impossible for him to do anything with it. He glanced at him and thought for a while, but he did not recall anything that he did wrongly towards the mercenary. He flipped the pages with suspicion but discovered the quality of the cards became lower and lower, and at the same time the cost was much more acceptable.

[Lord of Holy Flames, Time Relapse, Iona’s judgment, Lion Nirya…… White and Black Cards occupy half of this collection’s cards, then there’s a few red cards, as well as several Land cards.]

Brendel ignored the cards which required high amounts of Wealth and Reputation. A few cards had the requirement of the Planewalker to have a certain level, which he also ignored. He was still at level 1 and there did not seem to be anything in the cards that would raise his level. The Nightsong Tiger also expressed that he did not know anything about raising the Planeswalker’s levels.

Some of the cards required things or terms that Brendel had not seen or heard any hints about them. They were some strange resources needed, or he had to have specific lands and even barriers. The card ‘Time Relapse’, for example, required to have the profession ‘Wizard’ at level twenty. He flipped through the book and discovered there were ten cards that he could afford.

[Vanguards of Blood, Black Earth Lion, Hymn of Light, Loxar’s market, Rougen’s Swamp, Land of Eternity, etc, etc…… Pristine Archangel. I can unseal three of them with what I have right now. The first thing I need to get is obviously the swamp for Dark Element Points.]

Brendel unsealed the card and paid 10 Wealth for it. When he inspected the card, he realized that regardless of whether the card was tapped or not, he would still only get 1 Dark Element Point. It was much weaker than the other land card that he had.





(TL: That other card is the Land of the Holy Tree card. He killed the Golden Demonic Tree and got that. Only untapped Land Cards can be installed with certain things. There’s a gold mine card installed on this card so he can’t tap it, otherwise he can’t get the Wealth. If he does tap the land card, he gains 2 Nature EP and 1 Water EP. Tapped cards reset every day.)

But it solved half of the requirements to maintain the Unicorn Knight, and it was a matter of Wealth points now.

Therefore he chose to unseal Loxar’s market. It provided 2 Wealth points and 1 Earth EP per day, and if he tapped it and paid 2 Reputation, provided 6 Wealth. This unique Land Card required 50 Wealth which prevented anymore redemption of other Land cards. (TL: Medissa requires 6 wealth and 1 Dark EP per day.)

The third card he unsealed was the Pristine Archangel.

– Pristine Archangel

– (The Immortal Alliance III)

– Light Element Points 50

– [Angel creature/Knight, level 20 Elite]

– When Pristine Angel enters the battlefield, shuffle one non-black Card from the Graveyard into your deck.

– Pay 1 Light EP every day when Pristine Archangel is in the field.

– ‘The light of mercy descends from the sky, the messenger of the Gods emerges forth from the light.’

Although Brendel was able to unseal the card, he had no related Land cards that paid Light EP, and he had no Light Crystals either, so it was still a dream to get Ciel or the Wind Spirit Spiders out from the graveyard. He patted the Nightsong Tiger’s shoulders and told him to tell Ciel to wait a little longer.

“…… Hold on, didn’t you tell me the last time that only the Dark Element Cards are able to retrieve the cards in the graveyard?” Brendel suddenly looked suspiciously at him.

“…… I was guessing.” The veteran mercenary hesitated for a long time before he answered.

Brendel felt tears forming in his mind from frustration.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 112




TL: I’ll see you next wednesday for the next regular update of TAS. The next battle should be the concluding arc between Brendel vs Conrad. I don’t think I’ll be updating the JP series because I want to finish something else in the meantime.

Engrish mistakes are probably there because I didn’t really have much time left to look at these two chapters.

[Read more…]

Chapter 111 – Planeswalker’s Legacy (2)

[Creature cards like Vanguards of Blood and the Black Earth Lion, etc, all these are level 20-30 Elites, but they are only useful for short-term benefits. I should invest my points into redeeming the two Fire Land Cards and the only Wind Land Card in the book. It’s common sense to have provision first in order for an army to be effective.]

Brendel gave a long sigh as he closed the book.

[After that, the next two targets would be the Ocean Gem at 60 Wealth, and the Silver Swallow-tailed Flag at 100 Wealth. The former card raises Wealth, and the latter raises Reputation. These cards will fulfill my basic needs and I can think about the higher grade cards next. Hmm…… The Platinum Angel, a level 60 Elite. I would be able to go anywhere in Randner’s souther region easily if I have that.]

He had only hoped to get Dark Crystals to summon Medissa for a short time. It was a terrible transaction if he had to spend 15 Dark EP just to summon her, and his Elemental Pool’s limit was too small to sustain her too. Even though it could not be called the perfect reward because of the limitations, this result was beyond his expectations.

With the Land cards he had now, he would be able to maintain her in the battlefield for quite some time. With a Gold-ranked fighter at his side, the southern region and the outer lands that appeared risky to search in was less fraught with dangers now.

He even managed to get a card that could dig into his graveyard.





[Well, I’ll ask the Nightsong Tiger to confirm with Ciel about the ease of getting another Land card later. The younger squire is much more adorable compared to this middle-aged dude who’s not reliable.]

Brendel finally placed his focus back on the current situation. The explosions most likely alerted Conrad and Hewjil. Based from the information from the prisoners, Medissa’s pendant was most likely on Hewjil, and the battle ahead was most likely going to be much worse than the battle that he had just now.

“Is there anything else?” Brendel put the book into his bag and looked back at the Nightsong Tiger.

“Anything else?” The Nightsong Tiger looked back blankly.

“Things like Dark Crystals.”

“Oh,” The Nightsong Commander showed a look of comprehension, “The Dark Bishop left behind quite a bit of them after he exploded himself, but it somehow fused together to the ground. I have already gotten my subordinates to knock them loose.”

Brendel nodded as he knew that there was no need to worry about the Dark EP any more. Gamers easily got forty to fifty crystals from killing a Dark Bishop, and the cheapest crystals around in the auctions were certainly the Dark Element Crystals. Fire Element Crystals were the next in line for the cheapest crystals.

“Is there anything else that you discovered?”

“Oh, yes, there’s something strange.” The Nightsong Tiger nodded and took out a black heavy-looking rock: “This was also found by Felaern.”

[A rock with blood-like spots on them…… Right, this is the artifact that’s used to control a God Acolyte like Scarlett. Once she is completely turned, she’s no different from a monster and will have lost her original personality.]

There was the option to use this artifact to control Scarlett who would become something much stronger if she turned, but the youth felt great disdain to watch a person lose her soul bit by bit.

He took over the rock and crushed it with his hand—

“My lord?” The Nightsong Tiger jumped.

“Destroying this will allow the Blood of Gods to be dormant for a while. Instruct the Grey Wolves Mercenaries to tell that girl to look for me after she wakes up.”

The Nightsong Tiger nodded and prepared to leave, but Brendel called him back as he patted his hands to get rid of the rock’s residues: “Hold on.”

“What is it, my lord?”

“Ciel said that you and him are creations that are rooted in the Dimension Space created by my Land Cards?”





The Nightsong Tiger nodded.

Brendel inspected his Land Cards in his mind. He was like a giant in the air viewing all these areas. In that alternate world, he could see the edge of the Land of the Holy Tree constructed in his mind, with a bridge leading to a black swamp, and at both the edges of these lands was a small town. The town was most likely Loxar’s Market.

“Are you able to construct things in that area?” He pulled himself out from that world.

“Yes, but…..” The Nightsong Tiger hesitated before explaining things in detail: “The core of these areas is certainly comprised of Land Cards, and Resource Cards attached to such Land Cards pay out Wealth and other Resources. While it is true that you can use summons to gather resources from the Land Cards, but my lord’s powers as a Planeswalker…… is still too….. unfamiliar.”

The Nightsong Tiger tried to find a word to describe Brendel’s insufficient abilities.

“Of course, my lord’s current cards are inadequate. Ciel is telling me that this Dimension Space can be seen as an entire world by itself. If my lord concentrates on collecting more cards, they would form the shape of this world, and allow it to become the Planeswalker’s strength. This world is ultimately formed because of the cards’ connection with each other.”

“I see.” Brendel muttered.

“Is there anything else, my lord?”

“Yes, inform the men to prepare to move out; we only attained one single victory and our battles are far from over—”

“As you command.”

=========== Conrad POV ===========

When Conrad met up with Hewjil again, it was afternoon on the second day. He had discovered something was wrong during midnight when he heard faint explosions, but Hewjil was so far ahead with his lack of caution that it was only till morning before Conrad’s dragoon riders under his command reached Hewjil.

On the other hand, the dragoon scouts that he sent to the Dark Bishop were still missing.

Conrad felt that the situation was becoming worse, and was even out of his predictions. He made sure the dragoons kept in contact with Hewjil all the time, while moving back in the Dark Bishop’s path with full speed. He was afraid that Brendel and his men escaped with their successful assault on the Dark Bishop and completely left their area of control within this forest.

If that was the case, their actions were completely wasted, with the result of losing a leader and soldiers.

He did not even think for a moment that Brendel’s plan was to completely wipe out all the Tree Shepherd’s forces.

When he and Hewjil returned to their original point and saw the undisturbed Elven Ruins, they sighed with relief.

The ruins were still being patrolled with a considerable amount of Lizardmen. This meant that Brendel and his men did not reach this place yet—

Perhaps it could be said they had quick reactions to respond to this strange situation.

“Conrad, your plan, this is?” Hewjil’s narrow face seemed to expand menacingly in an instant in front of the mercenary commander. His emerald eyes stared coldly at him: “Many men lost, when this is over, additional payment.”





Conrad snorted coldly in response. He ignored the bastard who was infamous for his cold blooded actions. When did Hewjil gain a heart and cared about his men? It was all a chance for him to fleece Conrad.

[I don’t have time for this. Something is wrong. The Dark Bishop is probably in grave danger, but based on the information, none of us should have any problems to take care of Eke. Did that white-haired bastard lie to me?]

Conrad shook his head as he believed in himself. The white-haired youth did not lie. The Lizardmen scouts confirmed the information. But as he tried to cast out these unknown factors out of his mind, someone else was staring in his direction not far from the ruins.

=========== Brendel POV =============





Brendel’s men hid behind the once-grand Elven walls’ shadows.

Everyone looked at Brendel explained his final plan. Their goal was simple. Deal the first strike and made sure it counts enough to be fatal.

They were just waiting for a chance to them to slip up.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 113




TL: Thank you for the donation and continued support. The next regular update will be within the next 24 hours. Engrish will be fixed later.

[Read more…]

Chapter 113 – The Final Battle (1)

Nalaethar, the Nightsong Tiger, Scarlett and Sanford stood quietly behind Brendel.

He supported himself against the Elven ruin’s rugged wall, his hand holding on to a stone tile as he peeked out at the Lizardmen in the valley. His line of sight was blocked by the many trees and ruined walls, and the Lizardmen appeared in and out from the tiny holes approximately a mile away.

The stone tile in the youth’s hand was the Sage Slate. It was the size of a fist, and on it was carved with rune letters, ‘Eaam’. This word represented the land’s life and wisdom.

Since he already got the Sage Slate, his goals were half completed. The only thing left to do was to get Medissa’s pendant back from that Lizardman leader.

[Two large companies of Lizardmen, their numbers no smaller than three hundred. It seems like there are more of them at the back. Conrad and Hewjil must have met up already, they are pretty cautious, huh.]

Brendel had led a sneak attack into the heart of the Elven ruins with his men. With the aid of Medissa and Scarlet who were Gold-ranked fighters, he successfully routed the two hundred odd Lizardmen, which they ended up as Brendel’s XP. He then moved on to the entrance of the ruins where he waited for Conrad and Hewjil’s arrival.

He looked up at the clear sky that was in a shade of deep blue. The sun at noon was directly hitting the forest with its rays of light, causing the top of the trees to turn to a piercing green color.

He narrowed his eyes.

There was a faint scent of blood in the air. Even though he had ordered the men to clean the battlefield, there was still the remnants of a skirmish between his men and the Lizardmen.





When he was pondering on his next step, he suddenly heard a shuffling noise behind him. When he turned around, he saw the Elven princess tying her silver hair that reached her shoulders. She rode on her unicorn, wearing an ornate full plate armor that was painted in a saintly white color and complemented her regal appearance. Light shimmered on her legs as the layers of interlocking armor plates moved ever so slightly, and Sanford mistook it for a silver dress for a moment. Her eyes were so clear that they looked like crystals. She was so beautiful that he lost his breath when his eyes went up to her face.

Medissa’s unicorn trotted over and she looked at Brendel with a smile.

[Thank you, my lord-] She spoke in Brendel’s mind.

“It is my promise to help you.” Brendel tore his eyes away from her with much difficulty and replied as he looked at the valley again.

Medissa’s face turned a little red. His words made her recall what happened on that day. She was so afraid of disappearing that she cried in front of everyone and forgot about the Silver Elves’ royal etiquette.

She turned her head a little out of embarrassment and suddenly saw Scarlett who was standing further away from the others.

Her eyes in the shade seemed like two burning embers, while she leaned slightly against her spear. Her head was tilted a little to the sides to look at the scenery.

Brendel told her about the things that happened so far. The Blood of Gods, the disbandment of the Grey Wolves Mercenaries, as well as the events that happened after that. After she finished listening to him, she had been quiet ever since and kept her distance away.

She did not show sadness or anger.

“What will happen to that lady?” Medissa asked in a soft voice.

“The Blood of Gods has been planted in her body. The corruption cannot be removed by any means that I know, and it is currently suppressed by her own will. If she fails to control it, she will turn into an ‘Acolyte’. That word might sound nice, but you might as well call an Acolyte a monster instead.”

[…… The rules have been established with Medissa as the first Eversong card, and if Scarlett agrees I can seal her as a card. But that will be my last resort…… Also, is it not naive to think that it will work every time without any side effects?]

Brendel had reservations towards the ‘Planeswalker’s system’. Sealing was a foreign concept to him and could have unknown results and problems, especially with the powerful influence of the Blood of Gods. What would happen if she was not under his control?

Medissa’s brows frowned slightly upon hearing his words, but the quiet personality of her race made her say nothing at all.

Brendel did not continue speaking and checked the mercenaries at the opposite end. They had split up and hid themselves in the abandoned buildings that once stood tall, crafted by the Silver Elves’ grandmaster artisans. Their crossbows were currently trained on the Lizardmen in front of them in order to make sure they did not regroup with the leaders.





These Lizardmen which guarded the entrance were left alone in order to make Conrad and Hewjil believe that everything was still fine in the ruins.

“Brendel.” Another set of familiar footsteps, along with a voice filled with a little pride entered his ears. Brendel did not need to turn his head back to know who was calling him. He was even lazy enough not to turn around, and extended his palm behind his shoulders: “You’re already done?”

Romaine placed three translucent white crystals the size of a thumb onto Brendel’s hand. Amandina was a little bit behind her.

“Of course. The Great Merchant Romaine’s efficiency is very high. Here are the crystals. I already distributed a batch to everyone, everything has been prepared and we’re just waiting for your orders to attack.”

“It’s a shame that all my materials have been used up,” Amandina barely managed to make a smile in spite of her exhaustion: “But I can make more of them in the future. The rest of the materials that I have now, including the Magicite, has been dismantled to make them.”

Brendel nodded and carefully placed each Exploding Crystal into his pouch on his belt. He then signaled to the Nightsong Tiger and received a longsword from him. He pointed the blade to the outside: “The enemies are very cautious and we can’t deceive them for long. Once they are within a certain distance, I’ll go out to distract them. Medissa and Scarlett, both of you follow me. Our goal is to distract Conrad and Hewjil. As for their subordinates, Nalaethar and the rest of the men should be enough to handle them.”

The Elven Commander looked over to Brendel and nodded.

“Don’t just nod, commander.” Brendel did not forget to remind him: “Don’t forget about your promise to me.” (TL: In case anyone forgot, that promise is a taught skill if Brendel wins.)

Nalaethar gave a faint smile: “I await with anticipation.”

Medissa also smiled as she looked at the two men.

“Scarlett, any problems with this order?” He asked.

“I have no problems.” She nodded.

“Nightsong Tiger, your mission is to provide cover for our Silver Elves allies.”

[Also make sure to care of the Grey Wolves Mercenaries, they can’t revive like you do.] He added in his mind.

He turned to Sanford after seeing the Nightsong Tiger nod. “Make sure to protect yourselves, you can enjoy a victory only if you’re alive.”

“Understood, my lord.” Sanford nodded respectfully.

Brendel questioned them carefully to make sure they understood the orders. Other than Nalaethar and his men, the people here were his only available forces. Perhaps Leto could be counted as his men, but they were different because their reputation and status were actually higher than him.





The forces that he had here now were truly loyal to his cause, or at least Amandina and the Grey Wolves Mercenaries relied deeply on him because they had no one else to turn to.

It was not that he did not trust Leto, but it was good to have distance and time to be placed between them. He had seen enough betrayals from NPCs and gamers who swore fealty to each other to be cautious.

Hewjil and Conrad did not seem to notice anything out of place yet. For some reason, the dragoons were not at the front of the Lizardmen and Brendel was tremendously pleased at that sight. The impact would be greater with the first strike.

[Seven hundred meters.] Brendel read the data.

The gradual noise from the Lizardmen became louder as they passed through the forest. It was as if a current of water flowed through the forest, and the countless ants that scurried through were becoming bigger. The mercenaries that were at the very forefront placed their hands on their pouch. The Exploding Crystals were 15 OZ worth, with the force of Iron-ranked magician’s Mana Arrow.

[Five hundred meters.]

At this range, people with high perception like Nalaethar, Brendel, Medissa and Brendel were able to almost see the Lizardmen’s expressions. They appeared to be extremely tired from the overnight march, to the point that they did not realize they were going to be ambushed.





Scarlett bent to her knees as she seeked for Conrad’s familiar figure, gripping her Spear of Lightning so hard that it was making noises.

The Lizardmen continued to march closer and closer, and at this point they suddenly felt something was wrong with the area they were in. They sniffed the air and chattered, continuing to march forward, but Brendel saw ten odd dragoons stopping in the west direction.

[Shit, we have been discovered! Damn it, the leaders Hewjil and Conrad still have not appeared yet but I can’t delay any further.]

Brendel raised his hand and directed his ring into the forest. A dazzling red flash emitted from the ring and even seemed to dim the sun’s rays for a moment. A huge fireball hurled itself through the forest and dragged countless burning leaves in its path, before a loud explosion struck the enemies, and a blast of hot wind came back to him and swept his hair upwards.

The impact from the fireball killed a total of twenty Lizardmen dragoons and Lizardmen Warriors. It was certainly a surprising harvest and proof of their tight positions. This was the signal for his men to attack.

The mercenaries opposite from Brendel fired their crossbows immediately and killed the remaining guards at the Elven ruin’s entrance, then reached for the Exploding Crystals and took it out.

They were approximately three hundred meters away, but they possessed enough strength as Iron-ranked fighters to toss them far enough into the enemies’ midst. The crystals caught the sun rays and glittered as they flew in an arc before raining down onto the ground.

There was a moment of silence as the Lizardmen peered at the crystals.

It was the calm before the storm, as bright light poured through the crystals as they bounced on the ground and lit the forest. The bursts of light kept forming in succession before explosions rang out one after another; the exploding crystals’ impact ruptured the ground and the shockwave sent debris everywhere.

When the mercenaries finally recovered from the scene, they discovered the landscape of the forest had changed permanently.

There were numerous craters that formed into a deep cavity in the ground. Giant trees were uprooted and splintered into large fragments, while hundreds of Lizardmen were turned into corpses with missing body parts. Blood and soil were caked together, along bloody innards and brain matter splattered on trees and bushes, dripping down freely onto the ground.

It was like living hell depicted in paintings.

Even Brendel dry-heaved once before he forced back the urge to puke, and concentrated on calculating the remaining enemies.

[Hewjil brought the largest share of Lizardmen with him. There are at least four hundred of them here right now. I doubt he will want to distribute his forces to Conrad and the Dark Bishop if it’s not because of the search for us. Conrad has his own men…… My guess is a total of more than seven hundred men that we need to deal with. That really isn’t something to laugh about. Even though we cleared more than 10% of the enemies from that attack, we can’t deal with so many enemies. We need to do thin the numbers again.]

Brendel knew that it was his time to strike at the enemy’s formation. He signaled to Scarlett and Medissa, and they prepared themselves to attack.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 114




TL: Next regular update will be on Saturday.

I’m also requesting for a little more donation money this month if possible, because Nier:Automata and ME:Andromeda, Torment: Tides of Numenera are games that I want to pick up.

[Read more…]

Chapter 114 – The Final Battle (2)

“Medissa!” Brendel pointed to the path where most of the Lizardmen could come in from.

The Silver Elf princess adjusted her helmet and lowered its flap to cover the upper half of her face, tapped the sides of her unicorn and answered clearly.

“Understood!” Her white chainmail gloves clinked against her long spear as she hoisted it up from the ground and pointed it to the sky. She pursed her faint pink lips, and there was an aura of determination that could be felt in an instant.





The unicorn took a large step forward, allowing the intricate heavy armor on it to clatter. The designs on it were complicated and elegant, but the defensive capability was unbelievably strong against slashing and piercing strikes. Beneath the armor was a set of white robes that prevented chafing, and it was carefully emblazoned with the Elven kingdom’s insignia which were designed with lilies.

“Charge!” The girl shouted and the unicorn sped forth.

The solitary figure ran out from the sides of the ruined walls and dashed down an unrestricted road littered with the Lizardmen that the mercenaries killed earlier.

The armor reflected the sunlight as she charged out, causing the mercenaries to perceive her as a legendary knight that flew out from a painting, and completed the image of a fable transforming into reality.

The road was once used by the Silver Elves to complete rituals, allowing the high priests to bring along the holy artifacts of their Elven Goddess across it. Centuries had passed and grass had covered the white Cloud Rocks that were used to pave this road.

History had not taken kindly to these solemn rituals as records were either lost or destroyed, but the unicorn blazed across the road once again with the Goddess’s will and etched forever in the eyes around her.





[A Silver Elf!]

Conrad’s pupils dilated as he spotted her in the back lines. He whirled around and grabbed Hewjil’s padded armor, yelling in his ears: “You fucking piece of shit, what the fuck did you do! That’s a Silver Elf with the Royal Insignia! How did you provoke the Silver Elves to come out here!”

Hewjil was also shocked out of its senses. It had the idea to rob the Elven Kings’ graves since a long time ago. It was initially careful in its actions, afraid that the legendary Elves sung in bards’ songs and fables who fought against the Dark Armies of a hundred-thousand strong to appear in front of them, but nothing happened as they inched closer every day.

It seemed like the Silver Elves that hid from the world intended to keep their promise and never reappear in this continent again, and Hewjil even thought that the Silver Elves were wiped out for unknown reasons, and it was a lie that there was even an exodus in the past.

Yet the Silver Elves were reappearing before its very eyes. Even though its perception was not as good as Conrad who was a Gold-ranked fighter, it recognized that soldiers were charging to them dressed in exquisite silver armor. Their impressive designs and attractive crafted pieces were certainly the very craft of the Silver Elves.

It took a chilling breath and shouted as Conrad shook him back and forth: “Conrad, y-young man…… over there, look at him!”

Conrad turned his head—

To see Brendel and Scarlett running together behind the Unicorn Knight. They were like a silver and red streak of flames that parted and shot straight into the battlefield, their speed so fast that the Lizardmen could not track them. When Conrad finally locked on their figures properly, he saw two weapons brandished out; a silver longsword and red spear that swiftly hacked off the Lizardmen’s heads.

“Damn it……” Conrad immediately understood that Medissa and Scarlett were stronger than him by a tier within the Gold-ranks, while the youth who looked like he was in the Silver-ranked had skill proficiency beyond his class.

Even though he did not know where these strong enemies came from, he certainly recognized that girl with red eyes and hair. She was definitely the girl he killed and later revived by the Dark Bishop.

[Isn’t this girl supposed to be turned into an Acolyte with the Blood of Gods?]

Conrad exhaled once and calmed down. He could at least confirm that the Dark Bishop was most likely doomed. Only things that had no confirmation were frightening.

“I’ll handle the three in front of us. You had better take back your nest before I solve this problem.” He spat out the words as he looked coldly at Hewjil, then took out a heavy steel gauntlet and put it over his hands. The leader of the Lizardmen sat there without any response. It knew Conrad was at the edge of unleashing his fury at it. While it went against him in the past, there was no need to provoke him any further and risk his life.

But when Conrad turned around, it finally stuttered and asked: “…… T-the Silver Elves?”

“Handle them yourself.”

Conrad scoffed loudly. If the Silver Elves were really driven out of by the stupid Lizardmen, there was no need for him to deal with this mess. Even though the Tree Shepherds might not be necessarily afraid of the Silver Elves because of their numbers, it was not wise to go head to head with these legendary warriors.

The Lizardmen were pawns that could be thrown away anyways. He was more worried on explaining the Dark Bishop’s ‘sacrifice’ to the Tree Shepherds. He had a sufficiently high position within the Tree Shepherds and worked under the Lord of Worms, Mayard, one of the twelve leaders.

And Mayard was considered to have more authority amongst the twelve leaders because he had a bigger force.

The deaths of the higher ranked disciples could be excused because the mission involved a duke, but losing a Bishop was something that had not happened within the organization for at least a decade. Conrad felt his head hurt when he thought about it.

The most important thing right now was to find the duke’s son and take one step at a time.

============== Brendel’s POV ===========

“Drive these Lizardmen away from the center!” Brendel cut down a Lizardman warrior who rushed at him as he shouted loudly to Scarlett.

She nodded and twirled her body, her spear swinging wildly in arc with a trail of electricity following it. They immediately retreated backwards, and those of were slow were knocked backwards so hard that flesh and bones broke off when they hit the ground. Smoke could also be seen from their blackened wounds from the electricity.





“Well done!” Brendel praised her without any reservations.

Even though the Lizardmen were only level 20, they outnumbered him and his men nearly thirty times. Their five hundred odd Lizardmen were also aided by Conrad’s mercenaries, and it would be a disaster if they managed to swarm his men.

He had no choice but to limit the numbers of the enemies attacking at any given time. If he was able to stop them here, then his men would have an advantage.

[The goal is simple. Medissa, Scarlett and I will hold down this path with all we’ve got. But I’m surprised at how good she is at working with me.]

What Brendel did not expect was the coordination that Scarlett had with him. It was as if she found the best spot every time he made a move.

“Why are you praising me? Are you trying to win me over?” Scarlett asked.

“….. Is there any other reason than the fact you did great?”

Brendel grabbed one of the Lizardman’s spear with his off-hand and jerked it towards him, while running through the Lizardman with his blade. He then exhaled and answered her.

“As you wish.” Scarlett glanced at him before she looked away. She fought for the Grey Wolves Mercenaries and treated them like her family. Now that it was disbanded, the only thing left was revenge. She did not talk much and preferred action act over talking. She always thought that it was something she ought to do, and praise was never given to her actions.

Everyone’s eyes were always on Eke or the commander, and she also did the same.

But Brendel had a different idea. He did not like to overthink complicated issues. Now that Scarlett had the abilities of a Gold-ranked fighter and her former home was gone, it would be really silly not to use this chance and recruit her. There were lines he did not cross, but he was not some righteous knight fixated with the word ‘honor’.

The battle continued with the Lizardmen retreating backwards.

The three of them had ranged attacks with their weapons even before they unsealed their Elements, and their combined prowess in the battlefield was overwhelming. Scarlett was the weakest amongst them. Due to her Element Resonance with the Spear of Lightning, she was able to use Lightning Cleave repeatedly, but that was the only technique she had.

Medissa retained her abilities from a Spectral Knight, and was able to use Charge, Vortex Strike and Seismic Blast, making her look like a portable cannon each time she used her abilities.

Brendel was even more terrifying. Even though he just reached the Silver-ranked status, he had Charge, Power Break, White Raven Sword Arte and Frontal Assault, and his levels in these techniques were high. He even had two Magic rings and Planeswalker cards that affect the battlefield. Even pay-to-win warriors in the game could not outdo him at his level.

[We’re doing quite well. With the three of us holding this section down, our battle capabilities go up by a hundred fold. It’s good that the girls are gullible enough to listen to me completely. If I asked a handful of experienced soldiers to hold back these Lizardmen, they will certainly think that I’m crazy.]

Brendel was a charismatic person in his past life, and he also had years of experience in the game inviting famous gamers to his party, so it was easy for him to deceive the girls and board his pirate ship—

[That’s wrong! I mean, it’s an easy task for me to recruit them to my group…… Putting that aside, our strategy should be obvious to the enemies. Why isn’t Conrad appearing yet? The Lizardmen are already pushed to the sides, and Medissa alone can hold down this narrow path. We can even switch up to conserve our stamina.]





The enemies should be able to understand this point. But what were they doing?

He surveyed his surroundings and even looked up. He wondered if the opponents were giving up because he was not Eke, or they had counter measures.

He received his answer when Scarlett and himself fought off the fifth wave of Lizardmen. Medissa suddenly warned both of them loudly as she guarded the left flank.

“Be careful behind you!”

The ground behind them suddenly opened up violently.

[Shit, there’s an enemy below us!] Brendel realized there was an enemy unaccounted for.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 115




TL:

[Read more…]

Chapter 115 – The Final Battle (3)

Medissa was approximately forty meters away, charging straight into a group of Lizardmen wielding crossbows. When she turned around she spotted a disturbance on the ground and realized something was amiss. She immediately warned Brendel and Scarlett, while she urged her unicorn back towards them. The unicorn leapt into the air and she raised her lance and timed it together with the unicorn’s descent—

“Vortex Strike!”





When Brendel turned back, he found Medissa making her move on the enemy with a loud yell. The air around her lance immediately manifested into a distortion which condensed the air and released it as a blast of wind, sweeping the Lizardmen off their feet like they were fallen leaves. When she thrust her lance forward, an invisible path immediately emerged in front of her, destroying all the obstacles in front of her. Wood splinters flew everywhere and the enemy that was behind Brendel immediately retreated to the side.

The shockwave caused a large fissure to appear on the ground.

Brendel looked at the deep scar and felt a sheen of cold sweat on his body.

[My lady Medissa, can you be a little more gentle? Even if the enemy was a Gold-ranked fighter trying to backstab me, I can still parry it, but receiving your boss attack means I might die from it…..]

He felt himself trembling a little before he recomposed himself and observed the enemy. He already knew the identity of the monster.

A gigantic creature with the size of three fully grown adults was writhing in front of him. Despite the quick reactions against Medissa’s attack, it did not escape unscathed. Its long left arm clutched its right shoulder as blood flowed freely from the wound.

It was a humanoid that looked partially like a wurm, and there were three mismatched sections that seemed like they were sewn together. The head, the chest and the abdomen were sections covered in a grayish-yellow carapace that were inches thick and fortified with the blessings that came from the Blood of Gods.

[It’s definitely harder than steel. The rating from the system is giving it A+ in defense. The Acolyte of Earth is a level 55 boss, so that’s going to add 15 defense to it. It’s on par with a full tank class.]

Brendel groaned wistfully.

The limbs that it had were like an insect’s appendages, although the hands that it had resembled a human. At the area on its abdomen was a pair of eyes and another set of appendages in the form of a scythe. Its long thighs were shaped weirdly and adorned with full of barbs. Any normal human that got swept by it would certainly have gashes big enough to see the bones. Its head was something of a cross of a beetle and ant, with a pair of long antennae and large mandibles, and there was a pair of huge eyes that could see in low light places and capture motion well.

Brendel was glad to see that it did not have wings as it meant that it did not have flight yet. This was the only good news.





[This is third boss in this world after Ebdon and the Golden Demonic Tree. Even though it’s not at its final form, it’s already level 55 and has an unsealed Element. Comparing it with the previous bosses I faced earlier won’t be right.]

Brendel took a deep breath as he realized this was going to be the hardest battle yet. If Scarlett and Medissa were not here to help him, he would have pulled out of this area and left as far as he possibly could.

He did not have much time to think about it because there was a loud metallic clash somewhat far away. When he turned around, he saw Scarlett’s spear pushing down on a steel gauntlet. When he traced the defending hand back to the owner’s face, he discovered that it was a young man whom he had not seen before. Electricity danced around his hand, but was immediately pushed away from some unseen force and did not hurt him at all.

“Well, well, isn’t this our lovely Scarlett? Did you seek a new lover and betrayed our organization so quickly? That Blood of Gods from that man can’t be relied on after all. Don’t worry my dear, I killed you once, I can kill you again and send you to meet up with your dead companions—” The unknown young man sneered loudly.

Scarlett’s teeth were clenched so tightly that they were grating noises coming from her. She glared at him with incredible hatred and desired nothing more than to run her spear through him. That young man brushed off the spear and retreated a few steps, and she immediately chased after him.

However, it was a rash move and she immediately felt her feet sinking into the ground when she chased after him. Her heart skipped a beat as she lowered her head and saw a layer of black fog surrounding her feet, making it impossible to move.

“Magic!” Scarlett felt her blood ran cold as she realized he was some form of Magic Swordsman.

But her reaction was too late. Conrad’s taunt to make her angry was for the sake of making her fall into a trap, and he would not let this opportunity slip by. He opened up his fingers into a claw shape and thrust them towards her heart. The vitality of an Acolyte was exceedingly high, but the Blood of Gods was contained within the heart. Once it was damaged, even if the Acolyte did not die in that instant, their strength would diminish greatly.





Conrad knew that he would have great difficulty to defend himself against two Gold-ranked fighters, so he did not hold himself back and used his full might from the start. His target was clear. Even though Scarlett had the strength of a Gold-ranked fighter, she did not possess any combat experience. She was not the weakest amongst the three enemies in front of him, but in his eyes she was the easiest to take down.

His lips twisted into a smile as his fingers inched closer to their target. Success was literally in his hand, but right at that moment, a longsword blocked his fingers’ path with impeccable timing.

Brendel had thrown out his sword without any hesitation the moment he saw Scarlett trapped.

[I probably won’t hesitate even if this sword is the former Thorn of Light, right?] Brendel thought to himself as he threw out his common longsword.

During the battle, he saw much clearer as to what was happening than Scarlett did. Conrad was leading her into a magic trap.

[To think that the leader of the Paper Cards is a Mage Hunter. How peculiar, I rarely saw any NPCs in the game reaching above the Gold rank level in this profession. Although it is quite true that the profession is quite formidable, the path to leveling it up is really tough. It’s quite the PVP profession and unquestionably good for PK.]

He took a moment to admire Conrad’s ability to set up the trap. It was rare for anyone to fool his eyes, and he nearly failed to spot Conrad’s trap. Even having high proficiency in the skill alone would not be mislead him, so he thought that Conrad must have some form innate talent within him.

[This bastard must have combined his talent with some form of chantless ability as well to speed up the process. In addition to that, there’s probably another passive ability attached to that trap…… I’m sure it’s a hypnotizing effect. He must have made Scarlett angry in order to hide it. Handling this bastard is a little tricky.]

Conrad’s attack from the start was well executed, wasting no time in his attack for Scarlett’s heart the moment she fell into the trap. When the sword blocked his attack, he swiped it away and attempted another thrust, but Brendel had ran up to her and dragged her away by the elbow, as Conrad’s steel claws barely missed the front of her chest and drew a little blood from her.

“…… Thank you.” Scarlett said.

“Cut the crap, you’re lucky that I was fast enough. What were you thinking to lose your head like that!” Brendel yelled at her, but did not lose his eyes on Conrad who was ready to attack again.

The latter realized Brendel must have somehow seen through his illusion-based magic trap. Scarlett could not move when she stepped into the trap, but it was nothing more than an illusion. The hypnotizing ability from Conrad was the real thing that immobilized her with a suggestion. This was the trick to the Mage Hunters but it was clear that Brendel saw through it with his reply to Scarlett.

There were very few Mage Hunters in Aouine, and Conrad was recognized by his peers as highly skilled in the profession and even attained the level of a Gold-rank. It was at his level where he realized the advantages of his profession. Not many knew about the Mage Hunters, and even fewer people understood how they fought. He had fought against many of his enemies that were stronger than he was, and emerged victorious with bizarre attack combinations. However, he did not expect—





To meet his match today.

[This bastard must die!]

Conrad’s steel gauntlets swung in front of him, frightening Brendel so much that he immediately activated the Charge skill and retreated even further away.

Even if he activated Power Break to defend against Conrad’s attack, that would be 50 OZ vs 80 OZ strength, and would certainly meet his maker if he tried to fight him directly.

Under the Charge ability, he reached over 132 OZ worth of agility and vanished from where he stood. At his speed, he could even outrun a speed based Gold-ranked fighter with the Electric Element.

Conrad’s claws lashed out into empty air and a loud bang could be heard. The decayed leaves in a circular radius of ten meters in front of his claws were turned into dust, and the ground sank deeply to form a large depression. When Conrad raised his head up, he saw that Brendel was already twenty meters away.

[What….. is that speed? Who the hell is this guy?!]

Conrad was so surprised that he forgot to chase after Brendel. Even though the latter had reach the Silver rank at such a young age, Conrad himself was a genius who reached the Gold rank and did not think much of him. His target, Eke, was also rumored to be a genius, but Brendel certainly fell short of the rumors he heard when he fought against the Lizardmen.

But that short exchange made Conrad realize that the Silver-ranked bastard in front of him had combat prowess that defied common sense. Each attack that he made was only a stalemate against his defensive maneuvers.

He felt his palms slightly sweaty. He had learned various skills and had a wealthy experience against many enemies, and was even confident he could fight peak Gold-rank fighters. But he did not even gain any advantage over a little Silver-rank fighter.

[That explosive speed…… A Sun Knight?]



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 116




TL: Please help me spot Engrish mistakes and correct them.

Chapter 116 – The final battle (4)

During the time when Brendel and Conrad made their moves against each other, Hewjil had already separated his Lizardmen Warriors into two groups. They avoided the center path and attacked the ruins from the two side paths.

But the Silver Elves had already set up their positions. Nalaethar had also split up his warriors into two; one group was led personally by himself, while the other was given to the Nightsong Tiger to command, and they hid at the side entrances of the ruins.





The brutish and simple minded creatures screamed as they swarmed out from the forest. Their movements were nimble and they quickly stormed through the entrances, but what awaited them were the Silver Elves’ shining blades. The ambush by the Silver Elves was highly effective and their greatswords easily cleaved through the enemies’ throats, then quickly knocked the lifeless corpses back through the congested areas.

Because of that, the Lizardmen were sent tumbling through the narrow path and some of the Lizardmen who collided with the bodies lost their balance, and were sent flying down from the elevated height onto both the Paper Cards Mercenaries and their fellow Lizardmen.

Hewjil’s planned attack was stifled right there at the entrance, and the Mercenaries of Lopes and the Grey Wolves Mercenaries did not miss that chance. They immediately shot volleys of their bolts into the enemies’ formation from the higher grounds, causing even more obstructions for them, making it seem like they had crashed into an invisible wall and could not proceed any further.

A normal person who trained to use a crossbow was able to shoot six times in a minute, and these veteran mercenaries were even more experienced and agile, firing ten to fifteen shots in a minute.

The accurate bolts were fatal to their morale. Each time the steel rain of arrows fell onto them, the enemies felt like there was a death god who was swinging his scythe repeatedly to reap their lives.

There were indeed Lizardmen who wielded ranged weapons who could fight back, but Medissa strategically went after them in the beginning of her attack. But even if she did not, the ranged Lizardmen combatants were not as skilled as the mercenaries because they were a race not as evolved as the humans.

With the lack of cover and the ability to fight back, the Lizardmen were forced to retreat. When Nalaethar realized what they were doing, he took down his horn hanging from his belt and blew it. The rich blare of the horn echoed throughout the ruins, and the Silver Elves gathered in front of their commander and fell neatly into position, placing their greatswords at the right side of their chests—

“My fellow Elves, who are we!”

“The Eversong army, the swords of Arlen!”





Nalaethar nodded and pointed his sword forward, and the Silver Elves charged down with a loud roar. Their silver armor shimmered in the sun and appeared like a wave of mercury flooding the path down to the lower valley. The Lizardmen were quickly swept away without any means to stop the Silver Elves .

The bolts did not stop firing from the start of the battle and seven crossbows were already damaged from the overuse. When the final spare crossbow was taken, the mercenaries had no choice but to switch to their shortbows.

The Lizardmen who appeared to be an endless sea of dark green creatures were unable to break past that silver line, and were even pushed back by their charge.

When the Silver Elves chanted their battle creed, Sanford and the Grey Wolves Mercenaries felt that their blood was set aflame. They felt like their hair was standing up as though they had returned to that ancient era where the Silver Elves fought against the Dark forces.

The battles that took place in the Era of Darkness, were when all the races put everything they had against the Dark forces for the sake of freedom and pride. Sanford kept firing his bow and felt intoxicated by the feelings when he thought about the fact that they were fighting the Tree Shepherds’ minions.

=============== Conrad’s POV ==============

The horn’s blare sounded like a dragon’s roar in the distance which reached across the entire battlefield. Almost everyone stopped their actions when they heard it.

That was the signal of the Silver Elves’ attack —

Conrad’s expression changed once again. He was unable to see the flanks from his position because of the trees so he did not know what exactly was happening. The long dragon-like bellow could not be mistaken. The Silver Elves had returned once again after disappearing from the world for more than three centuries.





Conrad was certain that the arrogant and stupid Hewjil was the cause of this entire situation, but he did not think about trying to find the useless bastard and torturing him.

[This fucking lizard is going to die a miserable death. The dragon-horn can only mean one thing, one of the strongest armies of the Silver Elves has reappeared on the battlefield. Are the high-ranking cavalry of the Elves or the Eversong Unicorn Cavalry in this attack as well? Damn it, if they are, I won’t even be able to escape from this fight.]

He had no heart to linger to battle any longer and glared hatefully at Brendel who was not far away. The Mage Slayer’s agility was considerably high, and his figure darted quickly into the shadows and seemed to merge into the background when he fled.

Brendel’s mind went blank for an instant, before he shouted to Medissa who was riding over quickly: “Medissa! Stop him!”

[Damn it, if Conrad moves to the front, the situation might change. A Gold-ranked fighter might be enough to turn the tides.]

Brendel clenched his fist as he felt he made a blunder on not reacting fast enough. However, Medissa had thought of the same thing and did not waste any time in activating her Charge ability. Her unicorn’s speed was already high enough, and the moment she activated her ability, it moved even faster; they were like a silver comet and drew a beautiful arc across the ground, moving quickly into Conrad’s path and blocking him.

“Ser Conrad. You have done too many evil deeds; please stay behind and settle the score. Your companions who defiled the living’s pride and desecrated the dead’s eternal sleep, both of you must pay the price—”

Medissa placed her lance horizontally as her unicorn turned around to face the youth whose dark red cape was fluttering from the wind. Her voice was clear even amidst the din from the battlefield.

Conrad covertly gritted his teeth. He did not want to speak to the Elven knight at all. Brendel’s orders had deepened his suspicion that he had confidence in his forces to defeat all of them. This was a trap.

Even though Conrad did not know what Brendel and his men had to do with Eke and the Grey Wolves Mercenaries, he was on his guard.

[Damn you, you Elven cunt!]

He cursed in his heart and ran in the opposite direction. But how was he going to outrun a unicorn? After a short run, he found that the Elven princess had blocked off his path again with an aloof expression.

Conrad tried three times and he was blocked off three times. He was starting to panic. If the opponent blocked him without any reservations, that would mean that she had the forces to overwhelm his own. Perhaps the highest ranking members of the Tree Shepherd would be able to fight against these arrogant tree sticks, but he definitely could not.

He did not think his Mage Slayer abilities would be able to deceive the Elven girl. In front of him was one of the races who were the most proficient fighters in the continent, only a fool would hope that this opponent would make a mistake.

[If this is the case, it looks I only have to use my final trump card.]

============= Brendel’s POV ============

As Medissa blocked off Conrad, Brendel felt the sight in front in turning dark; a cold and dangerous air was rushing towards his face, and the youth immediately guessed it was the Avatar of Earth, Ekman.

The gigantic monster which was over five meters tall blocked off the sunlight and raised its arm, then swung it with a loud shriek.





The air vibrated and he felt the earth under his feet splitting apart and jutting up before it cracked.

[Earth Element, the power of boulders!]

He did not waste any time thinking further, grabbed Scarlett and jumped to his right. Both of them rolled a few times on the ground from his force, while Ekman’s palm smashed onto the ground with a ear-splitting blast. The soil scattered everywhere, with two rows of long rock spikes sticking out from the ground and merging together at the top, forming into a rock cage.

The surrounding Lizardmen thought the monster’s fingers had somehow extended through the ground to form the claw-like rock formation, but once its hand left the ground, the rocks immediately broke apart and turned into a pile of soil and dust.

Brendel gulped once when he saw that scene. Even though the guide mentioned Ekman’s approximate stats and strategies it liked to use, he felt it was something entirely different to face it in reality.

He felt a little like he had gone back during the time when he was level 40+. At that time, the developers Torrential Rain released a new patch to the game, ‘Knights of the Holy Cathedral’. He and his commander, a senior female classmate, and a few others went together to participate in a raid. It was the first time they faced a Boss with an unsealed Element, and the fight against the Boss left behind a deep impression.

This was the first time the gamers understood the Element powers, and what the Knight of the Holy Cathedral was.

It appeared that he was going to relive that memory of fighting a familiar Boss again.

TL: I researched a little on the crossbow. There are different types of crossbows depending on their strength, but usually a light crossbow is the only type that’s fast enough for that claim. For a powerful crossbow like an arbalest where you really need to windup the string, you could shoot 2 bolts per minute. Brendel shoots a bolt every 3 seconds, or I think he does.

The next TAS chapter might come a bit later as I’m halfway done with the JP series’ chapter.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 117




TL: I have been sitting on this chapter for a day now.I had a really stiff upper neck (probably because I slept in a bad position) that caused me considerable amount of pain and I couldn’t check through the chapter. I’m going to take a break for half a day and do some back exercises.

[Read more…]

Chapter 117 – The Final Battle (5)

There were a few subtypes extensions of the Earth Element. While most of the Earth users were famed for heavy defense, Ekman controlled the power to shape the earth into striking boulders. Although it was truly powerful for its initial strength, its growth was severely limited and classified as a low grade Element subtype.

But this was enough for Brendel to get a headache—

When he used his hands to help himself up, he brushed across Scarlett’s hands with his fingers. He paused for a moment, looked down, and saw the red-haired girl lying on the ground and looking up at him with her startling red irises. They looked at each other for a moment.

“My apologies.” Brendel said.

“It’s fine.” Came Scarlett’s reply.





Brendel quickly withdrew his hand and flipped his body over to get up, then drew out the dagger that was tied on his calf. The Acolyte of Earth turned over to them slowly. As a Boss that had a disproportionate amount of strength and defense, his agility was low. Because of its tremendous size there was even a penalty to its agility, and it moved clumsily, giving the youths a chance to recover.

“Can you move?” Brendel readied himself into a fighting stance and asked. Scarlett sat up, dusted the dust and soil off her armor. She merely nodded without saying anything.

“Be careful when you face this monster. Its attacks are very powerful. The Element it controls is the Power of Boulders, the attacks that it can form are—”

Before he could finish, Ekman roared and raised its front limb, almost as if to prove Brendel’s words. Its limbs quickly solidified and turned into hard surfaces to form a tremendous boulder-like sword that was nearly ten meters high.

It lifted the sword and swung at the direction of the two as it continued to roar.

“Dodge it!”

Brendel and Scarlett dashed out to the left and right respectively. The boulder sword struck onto the ground and exploded in a large arc. The whole forest seemed to shake as the shockwaves chased up to the two of them. Scarlett made a sharp gasp of pain, while Brendel immediately threw up blood.

Green words filled his vision, and he realized he lost 30 HP. The attack was even stronger than what the Ring of the Wind Empress could do. At his level, the damage from his ring would have done at most two-thirds of what it normally did, and it showed how strong Ekman’s attack was.

“My lord, are you all right?”

The forest was filled with dust and Scarlett’s voice came from the other end.

“Not too bad.”

Brendel coughed one more time. He was on his utmost guard. Ekman also had abilities that were dangerous. In this environment, if he failed to be careful and allowed it to ambush him, then he would be in deep trouble.

[I’m still not sensing that monster. The cooldown for merging with the soil is ten minutes, how is it possible to lose sight of him so quickly? It hasn’t even been one minute.]

Suddenly, the two wary people heard a surprised scream from a distant area.

“Medissa!” Brendel was deeply alarmed.

============= Hewjil’s POV ============

When the dragon-like roar from the horn resounded through the battlefield, Hewjil was utterly dismayed. It was not as knowledgeable as Conrad who could discern that the horn’s bellow belonged to one of the strongest Silver Elves’ armies.

However, Hewjil made the same conclusion from where the position it was commanding at. It oversaw the battle from a high vantage point, and saw Elven warriors clad in silver armor, had prominent silver hair and wielded a greatsword. Surely even fools would recognize them for what they were; indeed, they were Silver Elves.

The Lizardmen’s attacks were quickly rebuffed and they retreated one-sidedly. The Elves’ charge was impressive, cutting the Lizardmen down were like how knives cutting through butter, going in and out without stopping.





If Conrad’s men did not enter the fray in time, the morale of the Lizardmen would have been broken completely. While the new addition did managed to stall the Elves’ charge, they were unable to do any damage to the Silver Elves because of their unfamiliar teamwork.

At the end of the first exchange, Hewjil found it had lost a tenth of his men just on its left flank. It grabbed one of his men’s dagger angrily and threw it violently onto the ground. As one who lived on the edge, this terrible loss raised its ire instead of making it discouraged. He clearly saw Conrad’s guarded disposition towards the Silver Elves, but now that it saw them in battle, it was puzzled.

[Are they not just a bunch of Silver ranked fighters? The famed Silver Elves are not some undefeatable opponents. Even the second tier army of Kirrlutz have their level of might, and it’s not as if I have not fought against them.]

Hewjil was an exile that escaped from the Empire’s might, and he narrowed his eyes a little when he recalled some memories about the armies chasing him.

After a moment of, it calmed down and observed his enemies, he quickly discovered something interesting. It quickly beckoned its adjutant over and ordered him to lead a squadron to attack the backlines. It was a taboo to separate the army during the fight that was happening currently, but it discovered that the enemies constantly seemed to be the same thirty or forty men.

It decided to make a gamble to see if its guess was correct.

Unfortunately for him, the ally it believed in, Conrad, had already decided to escape.

The Lizardmen’s crossbowmen finally regrouped and started shooting their volleys of bolts from a higher vantage point at a hill.

Because of the relatively small number of Silver Elves in the battlefield, they did not know how to aim at them and simply shot messily as to where they might possibly be. The rest of the Lizardmen chose to shoot at the Grey Wolves Mercenaries and the Mercenaries of Lopes. Their haphazard attacks resulted in casualties of their own comrades as well.

The rain of bolts were obstructed by the trees while the remainder of the bolts struck where they were intended to. Nalaethar decisively made his signal to retreat to the entrance immediately after seeing the Lizardmen’s crossbowmen had formed up.

Quite a few of the Mercenaries were struck by arrows. The sudden retreat had caused the Grey Wolves Mercenaries to be slow in doing so, and they were caught by a few daring Lizardmen who threw themselves at them. Sanford’s artery was cut by a spear as he rescued a companion from their attacks, but the mercenaries quickly slayed the attackers in retaliation.

Nalaethar regrouped with them and led them to safety, who then treated Sanford’s wounds.

Nalaethar ordered the mercenaries to make a simple stretcher and placed Sanford there. Even though the latter was in pain, he gritted his teeth to prevent himself from groaning. The Grey Wolves Mercenaries treated death as a sacred thing and did not fear death.





Suddenly there was an urgent set of footsteps that rushed to where Nalaethar was at.

Sanford turned his head to the side and discovered a familiar face.

[Isn’t that someone from the Nightsong Tiger?] This thought came to his mind.

“Ser Nalaethar!” He said quickly: “Commander Nightsong Tiger saw a squadron of Lizardmen making they way to the back of the ruins. He asked for your views on this.”

The Grey Wolves Mercenaries were surprised, and Sanford frowned deeply.

[Surrounding us? That’s the worst situation that our lord said we would be in, and that we need to be act accordingly or else we would fall into a panic.]

The Silver Elves did not show any reactions to that statement, but the mercenaries were the opposite. Most of the mercenaries believed in the Twins of Destiny, and their beliefs were tied strongly to their mental state. Many had described mercenaries to be alike to gamblers. Right now, they did not take this situation well.

“Human, your commander has a clearer picture of the attackers. What are his thoughts?” Nalaethar asked.

“Our commander states that we would be attacked from the rear if we do not split our forces to intercept them. He said the Grey Wolves Mercenaries and the Mercenaries of Lopes should delay them.”

“That’s an acceptable strategy,” Nalaethar nodded: “But who is going to lead the mercenaries to intercept them? My men are unable to lead them because we are unfamiliar with their tactics and language.”

“Our commander thinks that Sanford should be……” The mercenary looked around to find Sanford and saw the conspicuous stretcher, and he suddenly lost the latter half of his words.

The most experienced commanders amongst Brendel were Nalaethar and the Nightsong Tiger, then Medissa and Scarlett. The four of them were already assigned to their roles, and Sanford was the only person left who had the best head amongst the mercenaries.

Brendel had mentioned giving Sanford such a role, but the situation was even worse than what their lord had described. The mercenaries glanced at each other in trepidation.





“Let me have a go at it, Ser Commander!” A bell-like sound suddenly came from their back. Everyone turned their eyes on them and saw Romaine dragging a sword behind her back with both her hands. She looked at them with big eager eyes and the words ‘Can I?’ was written in both of them.

Of course not.

Nalaethar shook his head. The Elven commander might have asked what training she had and considered her request, but the actions that this girl did last night were too shocking. He could not allow her to lead this battle and treat it like a game.

“Then let me go, Ser Nalaethar.” Another girl walked out behind Romaine. She clutched her collar and held onto her robes, looking calmly at them.

Nalaethar studied her.

“I have studied light infantry tactics from books. I believe I can be of use in stopping the enemy.”



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 118




TL: I went out to the bookstore and got 2 artbooks yesterday.

Edit: The editing has gotten a little complicated. I kind of need to translate the remaining chapters to prevent additional corrections.

[Read more…]

20170316_124312

Thanks for the recent donations. I’m still seeking more donations this month so I can get artbooks/games. If you would like to continue to support me, please drop a few dollars through my paypal so I can get more stuff.

The next chapter will come 8-10 hours later, along with pictures from the artbooks. I haven’t opened it yet lol. The Persona 5 has over 500 pages. Sounds like super value to me.

Chapter 118 – The final battle

When Brendel and Scarlett rushed over to Medissa’s direction, they saw she was pressing down on her left shoulder with her right hand. Blood drenched her white inner robes and leaked onto the silver armor. Her brows were bunched up together as she faced the monster in front of her.





Conrad was nowhere to be seen.

The Acolyte of Earth looked different from a while ago. The dull yellow colored carapace were cracked open, revealing a dark red light that pulsed slowly from the crevices, like magma flowing across the ground. The monster that had appeared like it was a carved statue was somehow turned into a molten boulder-like creature.

Brendel was shocked when he saw Ekman in that appearance. It was clearly in a Berserk mode, and going into such a state was usually a final desperate attempt. The aftermath of the Berserk mode was devolving back into an even weaker state than its already incomplete self, if it survived.

[What’s going on? It’s not like there’s any threat to its life. The Acolytes will never willingly activate this mode to go on a rampage. Similar bosses would only go in a Berserk mode when they have 30% hp or less…… It’s not moving?]

Brendel’s eyes went over the monster’s state and realized there was an injury on Ekman’s ribcage; the gash was deep enough for him to see the bones. He immediately understood it was from Medissa’s Seismic Blast, but that was not the right explanation. Given how high Ekman’s defense was, even if her attack was directly on its face, it would deal no more than 1/10 of its life. But the strangest thing was why it did not move at all.

[The last possibility is a command to make him go into a rampaging mode…..]

Medissa saw Brendel from the corner of her eyes, and spoke through clenched teeth: “I apologize, my lord. I allowed Conrad to escape.”

Brendel secretly felt ashamed as it was his mistake and did not expect Ekman’s attack to be a diversion to get to Medissa. He had completely underestimated his opponent because he thought it was some sort of Wurm creature that got corrupted by the Blood of Gods, and did not possess that intelligence to outwit him. He failed to consider the fact that Conrad was holding on to the Control Orb to control the monster.

“This isn’t your fault.” Brendel and Scarlett regrouped with Medissa and form a line to face the rampaging monster. “What exactly happened?”

“That man tried to lure me into a trap but I managed to see through it. He then managed to summon this monster somehow and tried to escape by using it as cover……” Medissa covered her mouth as she coughed, and blood leaked through her fingers: “…… I tried to use Seismic Blast to stop them, but the monster suddenly turned stronger and shrugged off the gravity binding from the Seismic Blast…..”

“Your injury was caused by the monster?”

She nodded.





“Are you alright?” Brendel frowned. Ekman’s strength was increased by 20% when it was in a berserk mode. If Medissa was directly struck by it, her injuries could be quite serious.

“It’s not too much of a problem to continue fighting. It’s a little scratch……” She coughed repeatedly: “But I feel like there’s some Element damage done to my lungs.”

[That’s not a problem?] Brendel looked at her in utter disbelief, then suddenly recalled her status as a Heroic Spirit. Even though she appeared like she was coughing out blood like a real person, it was her Soul Fire that would affect her ability to fight. A normal person would have their fighting abilities greatly lowered if they received the same injury Medissa did.

“What should we do now?” Scarlett asked.

“I want to change our plans a little.” Brendel stared at the monster that blocked their path. He really did not understand why Conrad was so eager to escape from them, to the point that he would waste a creature with the Blood of Gods and allow the three of them to fight it. Ekman would not stand a chance after the Berserk mode was over. Yet there was no time for them to wait for it to do so.

“Both of you need to go after that man right away. We have to stop him from messing up the tactical positions where the Silver Elves and the mercenaries are fighting the Lizardmen. Leave this monster to me.”

“You?” Scarlett looked back at him, forgetting her manners as she heard his incredulous words.

“My lord?” Medissa was also stunned. As someone who fought against him earlier, she knew clearly that he was a fighter who had just reached the Silver-rank tier. No matter much fighting experience he had, there was no chance to fight against a monster who had unsealed its Element power. Even delaying it seemed like a problem.

“Have you forgotten my true abilities, Medissa?” Brendel answered in his mind.

“Do you mean to say your abilities as a Planeswalker, my lord?” She also replied in her mind.

Brendel nodded.

“I’ll fight along with you.” Scarlett answered. She raised her halberd against the monster. It looked like it was dead because it did not move at all, but once they moved to chase Conrad, it would certainly attack them.

“If you die, my lord, Medissa and I have will also have no guarantee that we can face it. In order to protect everyone left from the Grey Wolves Mercenaries, your life is my life—”

Brendel raised his eyebrow at her.

“Scarlett is right, my lord.” Medissa also persuaded him: “As long as this monster is not guarding Conrad, he is not my match. I have fought many Miirna Mage Slayers in my life time.”

“Very well.” Brendel did not wish to waste any time to convince Scarlett, and it was true with the latter’s aid he would have a better chance against it. He took out the second Card of Fate that he had drawn for the day: “Let’s move out.”

Brendel flipped over his card—





– The Silver Horse

– The Legendary Light V, White

– Requirements: 10 MP

– Artifact Creature/Treasure, Level 7 Construct

– The Silver Horse has Flying.

– ‘Made with Mithril’

(TL: This card is given by Tulman and not taken from the Dark Bishop.)

The Card of Fate floated up into the air and a Magic Formation was immediately drawn on the forest ground. A long neigh from a warhorse could be heard in the center of the Magic Formation

Brendel’s actions immediately caused Ekman to launch an attack. Conrad had given a set of instructions to Ekman to wait at its spot in case Brendel and the others were somehow able to lure it away from guarding him. If it detected an enemy crossing a certain point to go after him or did something else, then the permission to attack would be given. Magic was amongst one of the conditions.

Scarlett and Medissa went up to intercept its attack and were able to guard successfully against its attack, although both of them struggled to breath as the air were knocked out of them from the impact.

[Interesting….. Even though Medissa and Scarlett’s levels are below 50, they are able to reach use their Element powers which are typically learned at level 50 to 51. If they did not utilize their powers they wouldn’t have been able to stop the rampaging monster.]

The light in front of Brendel faded and a metallic warhorse with wings made from mithril trotted forward proudly. The creature’s chiseled ruby eyes glanced at Brendel before it lowered its head.

The two girls looked looked at the horse in slight surprise, but they quickly understood his intention.

“Scarlett, get on the horse! Medissa, cover us!”

Ekman wanted to attack Brendel again but the Elven princess used Vortex Strike to force it back. Her abilities had a long cooldown, but the attacking strength was high enough to force Ekman to engage her carefully.

With the slight opening, Scarlett got onto the horse and immediately extended her hand out to Brendel. He got up onto the horse quickly but she felt a little embarrassed when they rode together. That thought quickly disappeared and she calmed down quickly.

“Ride behind its back. That creature is obeying Conrad’s order to guard this place with its life. Attract its attention and make it chase us. Medissa, stay here and make your move only after we leave this place!”

“Understood.” She nodded.

Scarlett urged the horse upwards, and the warhorse jumped into the sky, and flew over the angry creature’s head. That was not the only action she took. She reached for a compact crossbow that was behind her belt and shot at it.

The attack immediately caused it to fight back.

The creature roared and slammed its palm onto the ground, and a twenty meter rock spike shot up into the sky, reaching towards the two of them. Scarlett urged the horse to fly higher, but spikes continued to chase after them, each time higher than the last. The last spike nearly reached fifty meters high, and when they looked down onto the ground, they discovered that the ground below had turned into a forest filled with rock pillars.





When the Acolyte of Earth’s hand left the ground, the rock pillars immediately turned to soil and crumbled. It stared at the warhorse that flew further and futher away, bellowed loudly, then slammed both of its hand into the ground and merged with the soil in an instant.

That was the last time Medissa saw the monster. She had seen how it attacked Brendel the first time, so she knew that it was performing the same feat again. She remained on guard and looked around for a while before she rode towards where Conrad escaped, urging her unicorn to move as quickly as possible.

Brendel also saw the same thing and asked Scarlett to lower their flying height. Even though the monster’s intelligence was not high, it would not keep on chasing a prey that it could not reach. Luring a monster in the game was considered to be a precise skill, and it was the same in this world.

Brendel continued to remain on his guard as the speed and height of the mithril warhorse were quickly lowered.

“What are we going to do next?” Scarlett asked.

“Bring this monster around,” Brendel said: “It’s best to move towards the Elven Temple, since our plan is to regroup back there after the mercenaries and Silver Elves defeat the Lizardmen. We will be able to receive support from them.”

“Can we last that long?”

“That depends on our skill. Well, perhaps a little luck is needed as well.”

Scarlett suddenly stopped talking and swung her halberd at a certain direction. A streak of lightning shot out dozens of meters away and struck in between a few pine trees.

An explosion rang out and the Boss reappeared.

“Have the horse run on the ground in a zigzag manner.” Brendel put out his hand. “Give me your crossbow—”

She nodded and handed it over.

The warhorse’s direction changed once as a sharp spike reached for their backs. Brendel secretly nodded at Scarlett’s reactions. He might not have done as well as if he was the one leading the horse.

[This is the start of a dangerous game……]



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 120




TL: Right.

[Read more…]

Chapter 120 – The Final Battle (8)

When Brendel activated his ability, he suddenly realized that he was unable to handle the air resistance as the warhorse charged through the area. Scarlett had taken the brunt of the first time he used it, but now that he was alone he reached his limits to handle it.

It was nearly impossible for a player in the game to get a pet that surpassed their own stats, but Brendel had gotten a mount that had an innate 132 OZ worth of agility. With the ability Charge added to it, he had completely broken the sound barrier so many times that he felt like he had turned into a fly that crashed onto a sheet of metal and was dragged through nearly fifteen kilometers with an insane speed.

When it finally stopped, Brendel could not stop himself from vomiting out the contents of his stomach. Blood was flowing from his eyes, nose and ears. His organs were completely damaged, and green words kept flashing in his eyes. The remaining life he had was literally a few pixels left on his HP bar.





[How did Scarlett managed to endure that? Did she use her spear or something to cut through air resistance?]

Brendel had twenty times the normal physique of a normal person and his defense and regeneration was just barely enough for him to survive that. If he was given enough time to rest, that physique would even allow him to recuperate without side effects.

[There’s no time to rest and that monster definitely won’t give me time to do so. Because it travels in a straight line at such a ridiculous speed, we couldn’t outrun it earlier. Give it a minute and it would be next to me again. Should I sacrifice this card and let it go to the graveyard?]

He broke into another bout of cold sweat when he remembered how difficult it was to escape from Ekman.

This was a desperate move to have his mount lure the enemy away, but the closer he was able to get to the meeting place, the stronger the Silver Elves would become when they joined up with him. Despite the numerous twists and turns, he was able to travel nearly forty kilometers from where he started and was close to where the Silver Elves fought Redi.

Twenty Silver Elves at level 50 would be enough to handle a level 50 Boss. When Nalaethar finished his battle, he would return to the meeting place with his full speed.

[The travel time for them to return is ten minutes. Once the Lizardmen fall below a certain number they will probably retreat. Perhaps twenty minutes for them to give up? Hewjil is one thing, but hopefully Medissa can kill Conrad.]

Brendel spent a few seconds to consider the outcomes and his options. He did not find any obvious shortcomings to his plans, so he got off the horse and patted its metallic head. This machine like artifact seemed like it was created by some factory in his previous world. It was intricately built and its toughness was extraordinary, appearing like it was never going to tire. Even that attack from Ekman only put a small scratch on it.

But losing this mount meant that he was gambling every token on the table. If the monster did not pursue the mount and came after him instead, then that would be the end of him. Brendel’s heart beated rapidly and he could not suppress his tension. Even so, he made up his mind and yelled:

“SILVER BMW! RUN LIKE THE WIND!” He yelled out the name he gave to his pet horse at the last moment, and finished the details of his orders in his mind.

Since the warhorse was not a living creature, it would not have any fears when it faced the monster. It looked at Brendel once with its red gem-like eyes as if to confirm his orders before turning around and disappeared into the forest.

Brendel sighed and flinched in pain as he reached for the Silver Horse card. He took it out and began to move as quickly as he possibly could, while listening carefully for any signs of Ekman. It was not long before he heard of angry bellows getting further away from his back, while causing the critters in front of him to flee in terror.

============ Hewjil POV ============

As long as one had not fallen completely into a crazed bloodlust state, they would always recover their senses at some point.

Hewjil had poured almost all its Lizardmen into the ruins like an addicted gambler, but the place seemed like it was a black hole that sucked out the lives of its men.





At first the initial tactics that it played to get its men to attack the backlines worked, as the mercenaries did not appear again and the Silver Elves lost their ranged cover, while its own Lizardmen’s crossbow users gathered up to give cover to the Lizardmen warriors. The situation had reversed, surely, before it quickly discovered that the Silver Elves gave up on attacking in the open and chose to retreat to the ruins.

They moved back into narrow streets and hidden corners, and all of a sudden Hewjil realized the Silver Elves were using the territory to perform hit and run tactics. However, what shocked it was not the loss of his men, but the fact that when one of the Silver Elves of was caught out of position and killed, then turned into white light and shot back to the place where the Elven Kings were entombed.

This was the first time where Hewjil realized these Silver Elves were abnormal.

However, that thought was soon replaced by another problem. It had spotted a flag at the roof of the highest building. Even till now the mercenaries did not appear, but so did his men who were supposed to attack the backlines. The Lizardmen who fought against the Silver Elves in the frontlines were greatly demoralized, and the latter did not waste any time in launching another attack to take advantage of them.

This time, they managed to push the Lizardmen out and even took the control of the outer section. Hewjil was furious again, but it realized it just needed to gather all its men and surround that section. When he turned around to check the number of Lizardmen it had, its eyes bulged.

There was just a handful of Lizardmen behind him.

All of its tokens were already on the table, and yet the Silver Elves acted like it did not matter whether there a hundred Lizardmen or a thousand Lizardmen. Would the situation change even if it went in personally?

Hewjil felt the blood drain out of its face.

Unlike the other Lizardmen, it was intelligent enough to predict the conclusion of this battle. It called out another of its adjutant immediately.

“Tell the frontline commander to put more pressure and force the Silver Elves back.”





“Chief, are we going to launch a final attack?” The adjutant asked.

“No.” Hewjile shook its head: “We’re leaving. Only us.”

“What? But our brothers……”

“Ignore them. We can’t care about them anymore.” The leader of the Lizardmen shook its head regretfully. It held out its glittering pendant on its neck. “As long as this is with us, we can seek help from the Tree Shepherds and take back this area later. I know where these Silver Elves come from. The next time we are here I will be ready.”

“But do we not inform Conrad if we just leave?”

Hewjil hesitated for a moment before it shook its head. “Don’t worry, that bastard is an Emissary who controls members that have the Blood of Gods. Even without us, he can take care of himself.”

[It would be good if something happens to him anyway— But if that bastard dies in this area, I’m going to pay a hefty price as well. This is such a tricky problem.]

Hewjil observed the battlefiled again. Even though the Lizardmen in the battle still had the upper hand, it did not seem like the Silver Elves had any signs of defeat yet. If the battle took another twenty minutes or so, the total number of his Lizardmen lost would be more than half and the situation would change.

At that point, trying to escape would depend on whether the Silver Elves were willing to let them go.

The Lizardmen were treated as slaves in Kirrlutz, and the pockets of their resistance had gone on for centuries. Hewjil’s instinct was honed by the constant resistance it had against Kirrlutz and the Empire, and the long years of evading capture as a bandit made him sensitive to danger.





It was time to escape.

============= Nalaethar’s POV =============

Nalaethar discovered that the Lizardmen suddenly increased their resistance, but they appeared hesistant and reluctant to do so. With this opening, the Elven commander who had centuries of experience decisively grabbed the chance and blew his horn. The Elven warriors immediately gathered into position and charged straight into the heart of the enemies. The Lizardmen crossbowmen shot out their bolts in a panic, but were hardly effective as they bounced off their armor.

The synergy of the Elven warriors was like a portable fortress that cut down the Lizardmen unerringly.

The waves of Lizardmen finally parted and completely fell into chaos. When they realized Hewjil was gone, they fell into confusion and screamed, scampering off to the forest in all directions.

Nalaethar let his men pursue them for a while, but they were like green cockroaches which fled so fast that even the Silver Elves felt impressed. Brendel would have made fun of the Lizardmen’s excellent escape if he was there.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 121




TL: I’ll talk about stuff in chapter 122.

[Read more…]

Chapter 121 – The Final Battle (9)

The Elven commander took off his pointed helmet which had a few streaks of gold painted over it to distinguish him as a commander. He shook his head, and his beautiful silver hair fell down like a waterfall. He exhaled slowly, and looked coldly at the battlefield’s messy appearance. The Lizardmen’s corpses were strewn over over their Elven grounds with blood forming into moving streams. There was a piercing stench of blood in the air, which would have made normal people queasy in their stomachs, but it was the scent of victory to the Silver Elves.

[No. This is not victory yet.]

Hewjil had escaped. Nalaethar’s men wanted to chase it but he stopped them from doing so. He flicked his sword once in the air to remove blood from it and placed it back into the sheath. The ornate design of the sword’s hilt glittered in the sun as he signaled to his men to gather up and get ready for their next move, not wasting any time.

The Nightsong Tiger brought back the other team of Silver Elves. He frowned when he saw Nalaethar’s appearance. The latter already appeared cold and distant, and the blood on his armor added on a disconcerting feeling to him. However, this somehow made him look seductive even to the Nightsong Tiger for some odd reason.

“Commander.” The Nightsong Tiger’s surprise only lasted for a short while: “I think our battle here is over.”

“Yes.” Nalaethar nodded.





The flag on the building was still upright, but no one knew how the battle between the mercenaries and the Lizardmen progressed.

“We can’t call this a victory yet.” Nalaethar said: “We must abide to our original plan and return to the agreed meeting place right now. I hope that your lord has fulfilled his promise instead of wasting his life.”

“What?” The Nightsong Tiger interrupted him: “Our lord’s orders are different. We’re supposed to clear out the remaining lizardmen in the backlines if it came to that.”

Nalaethar looked at him with arrogant indifference.

“You saw that monster as well, and it is much stronger than what your lord had described in his plans. Even with our powers at their peak, we would need at least three of us in order to fight it to a standstill. Do you truly believe your lord can take it on by himself for so long? He is in grave danger.”

“But…..”

“There is no time left for arguments. The choices before you are your lord or Amandina, and the importance of your lord outweighs her. Do you truly need to choose? In the battle against the Dragon of Darkness, there is no room for benevolence. The standards for judging the situation lies in the conclusion of the battle.”

The Nightsong Tiger could not help but look at Amandina’s direction. Brendel clearly ordered the mercenaries to protect her.

Nalaethar shook his head: “Very well, human, I will tell you a secret. I have already asked Amandina to place your lord’s safety as priority before she went off to command the mercenaries. I have no intention of going her aid. In our history, putting our lives before defeating the Dragon of Darkness was to give up hope for the continent’s future. This is why Medissa sacrificed herself for her sister, no matter how unthinkable of a choice it might appear to you.”

He straightened himself and raised his hand, and the Silver Elves gathered before him.





“Move out!”

============== Amandina’s POV =============

Nalaethar and the Nightsong Tiger understood Amandina’s situation.

The mercenaries and her were in dire straits. There were simply too many openings in the ruins for the Lizardmen to go through. The cover for the mercenaries was also inadequate and were easily in range of the Lizardmen’s crossbows. Even if they retaliated with their own ranged attacks, it was not effective in stopping the Lizardmen warriors from pouring in.

However, this showed off the Mercenaries of Lopes’ strong fighting will. The furthest three mercenaries faced off against the initial hundred Lizardmen, giving up their positions twice and took it back two times as well by using Exploding Crystals.

The reinforcements that Amandina sent out to help them were rebuffed by the enemies’ numbers, and the three mercenaries were ultimately overwhelmed by the Lizardmen warriors who swarmed them angrily with weapons and shredded them into pieces. The last person waited till his final breath and detonated the last Exploding Crystal on himself, causing the largest damage to the Lizardmen’s numbers since the start of the battle.

Almost twenty Lizardmen were taken out from that blast.

The battles after that were no less bloodier than the first one. The Mercenaries of Lopes were the ones in charge of defending the riskiest chokeholds, and almost every time they battled it was a melee fest that guaranteed corpses. After exchanging twenty two Lizardmen for another four mercenaries, the enemies finally broke through the outer positions and began to invade the ritual hall.

The remainder of the mercenaries retreated into the building and defended there, but it was not a plan they could hold on to because there was less and less room to defend against the enemies. If the defense lines were pushed back any further, they would have to retreat to the roof.

Amandina held on to the flag and continued to watch for changes in the battlefield, waiting for an opportunity to order the mercenaries to charge into the enemies’ weak points. Each mercenary’s death made her heart feel heavier. When Brendel was leading these men there was not even a single death, but it was just her mere ten odd minutes of commanding them had caused them to suffer serious injuries and even led them to their deaths

When the older Elven elementalist sister, Felaern, used her own body to block off a fatal crossbow bolt attack, Amandina felt her eyes tear up uncontrollably. The Elven girl even suppressed her own voice in order to make sure Amandina did not panic.

Amandina understood what Falaern was doing and gritted her teeth as she laid her down onto the ground. The latter’s body warmth lingered in Amandina’s hands, and she looked like she was just sleeping with her closed eyes.

A handkerchief appeared in front of Amandina.

She looked back in surprise and saw Deyna, the younger Elven sister.





“Wipe your tears, miss Amandina.”

“No, I’m fine…..” Amandina took a deep breath and then stuttered: “S-sorry…..”

Deyna’s lips moved once and wanted to say something, but she stopped herself. Brendel did not tell her about the secret of the Mercenaries of Lopes, and she did not have the permission to reveal it either.

“Please give me the flag, Miss Amandina. This place is too dangerous.” She said after a moment of hesitation.

Amandina shook her head.

“No, I have to be here.” She needed to do see this to the bitter end.

The Lizardmen had already broken the fourth defensive line, and the mercenaries retreated once again. They were close to the roof. From that distance, Deyna estimated there was less than fifty meters before they reached Amandina. She even saw the Lizardmen’s crossbows raising towards them. Even though they were not accurate shooters, their repeated attempts will reach the flag’s position soon.

Deyna creased her brows and stood in front of Amandina and reached for her sword. She was out of mana like her older sister. Still, she had to accomplish her task to defend Amandina.

“Deyna.”

“Yes?”

“Thank you.” Amandina said quietly.

The Elven girl smiled faintly, but quickly fell into a solemn expression when her eyes saw that the Lizardmen were chattering amongst themselves. All the crossbows were raised at the same time, and she was not certain whether she could defend against all the crossbows’ bolts. She gritted her teeth and pulled out her sword, gripping the hilt tightly.

The Lizardmen’s fingers were on the triggers, waiting for the command to allow them to fire—

Amandina and Deyna held their breaths. No matter how much they prepared themselves for their deaths, there was a sense of despair when they faced it directly.

However, that moment never came. A small shining crystal suddenly fell onto the ground and in the midst of the Lizardmen. An explosion happened, and the walls were immediately painted with blood and rained across the stairs along with bits of flesh and bones.

Everyone was stunned.

Amandina was certain she gave all the crystals to the mercenaries at the outer wall!





A sudden clang could be heard from the edge, and she turned her head around to see a sword on the ground. Romaine climbed up onto the roof, appearing utterly exhausted and panting for breath. When she saw Amandina, she gave a smug smile: “Haa— I nearly got lost, haa…… haa…… It was hard to find a path…… to the roof…… Amandina, I learned how to use a sword, I can protect you…… Haaaaa….. I’m tired…..”

“W-wait, aren’t you supposed to go back and wait?! Were you the one who used the Exploding Crystal? Didn’t you give it all to Brendel?”

Romaine’s hands suddenly went to her small bag: “Well….. I might have kept a few.”

“Hold on…… The reason why the explosion failed that night was because there were not enough to break an important section of the hill, causing the rocks to fall around us right! Damn it, didn’t you say you used them all?”

Romaine jumped up when she heard Amandina curse for the first time. She shook her head repeatedly. “I-I promise I only have five, no, four left.”



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 122




TL: Okay, wall of text after readme. Chapters 123 – 125 are still undergoing a basic spellwriting check.

[Read more…]

Show More

I’ll start off with the important news first. Next update is on April 1, in case anyone is wondering (I don’t do April Fools jokes.).

I have pretty much spent the past ten days translating non-stop and I’m going to have to seriously catch up with my art stuff now. For the next 11 days and the whole of April, I will expect myself to draw a number of fanart images and start exploring the options to either freelance or put up a portfolio so I can start applying for a job some time in May/June.

The next few regular updates for TAS would be restricted to 1 chapter at every weekend for the next 3-4 weeks so I can catch up with my planned art stuff. If there’s going to be any donations for TAS chapters during this time, I will probably need two days to clear it (I’ll allocate 3 hours/day if there are any donations during this time period).

Despite the batch translation, I found out that the chapters later on are still at sort of a cliffhanger mode, but I can’t put in anymore regular time for this month. In my mind, I was hoping to kind of bring forward the regular updates so you guys wouldn’t be stuck on the cliffhangers. Welp…..

Skip if you don’t like to see how I edit things.

The recent chapters have three particular issues that I want to highlight as to why it took so long for me to do. This section contains spoilers for the chapters for chapter 119-121 in case you haven’t read it for some reason. You can come back to read this section once you read them all (the chapters have been posted).

1) Level design.

Okay. Imagine you’re playing a RPG, you have a team consisting of Warrior, Archer, Wizard and Priest. You’re tasked to invade a castle. Ever wonder what the castle looks like? Back in my art school, we were asked to imagine and design our ‘levels’ so that it looks believable.

I.E

Dining hall maybe leads to Kitchen/main hall/courtyard

Kitchen maybe leads to garden/cellar/side road (to accept delivery)

Main Hall leads to 2nd floor/barracks/main road

And then we had to fill them up with things that are related to what they have. Could be flags, statues, weapons, food, etc.

The recent chapters of the Elven Ruins were pretty much barebones descriptions. It’s kind of like how I imagine a client doing this for the first time would say, ‘yeah, I think I want two outer walls surrounding that ritual hall which is the tallest building something. The ruins should have 1 main and rear entrance and 2 side entrances, yeah.’

This is the stuff I had to work with in the raws, and I think it’s the worst section thus far.

2) Storyboarding

I also had some storyboarding taught (just a little), but enough for me to have a headache when I try to piece them together to make it coherent.

So, Amandina is leading the mercenaries. She studied Infantry Tactics, okay sure. How is she going to lead the mercenaries in battle? Is there some gesturing or shouting when she relays orders? No idea, it’s not mentioned. This kind of goes back to that level design because maybe you can’t hear what that girl is saying if she’s too high up and yet the description was, that building is the tallest Elven building in the ruins (also not described how high it is).

Then does it mean that the hand gestures are universal? Would the Mercenaries understand it? We all know that Mercenaries of Lopes come from a different time period and are different from the Grey Wolves Mercenaries. All these details are missing.

In case you guys don’t know what storyboarding is, imagine you’re the cameraman capturing scenes of people doing stuff. Like Group A mercenaries goes up to Position A on the ground, then asking Amandina about her decision. Then you direct the camera to Amandina at Position B. Cut to long shot scene of Amandina to close up of Amandina’s face shouting from lower angle. You’re essentially capturing these few moments in a movie/television show and drawing them (moments) on a medium like paper or PC.

3) Inconsistent facts.

The author also got the levels of the boss wrong. That’s kind of a small mistake compared to the above two. That’s sort of minor and can be fixed easily. The above two problems, hmmnnnggg.

4) Changes made to Chapter 119 – 121

Ultimately the detail settings that I roughly made are, this building in the center — I’ll just call it Goddess Temple to give it an identity. It’s a building that is tall enough for people to communicate by shouting and see gestures (it can still be the tallest building, sure).

Amandina conveys orders to Elementalists sisters and they signal out to the Mercenaries of Lopes who then relay commands to mercenaries by mouth.

Some other misc stuff in regards to overall plot that does not affect world settings.

This editing took me a whole day to figure out something plausible and the longest edit (in terms of time) by far, taking even more time than translating the chapters. Hopefully this doesn’t need to happen again.

Chapter 122 – The Final Battle (10)

Soon after Hewjil left the battlefield, he received a report from the Lizardmen under Conrad and discovered that he had escaped much earlier. It cursed loudly in front of the Lizardmen, but was secretly delighted. If it was the first person to escape and leave Conrad behind, there would be repercussions from the Tree Shepherds.

If Hewjil did not discover the secrets of the Elven kings’ grave, it would not consider leaving its men behind. Telling the Tree Shepherds this secret would earn a great amount of goodwill and absolve his responsibility for leaving early.

As for Conrad who escaped like a coward, he would be treated as the scapegoat, while the Lizardmen would be seen as the ones who stayed behind to resist valiantly. The situation was unfortunate as the Silver Elves were ultimately drawn out from the graves by its actions, otherwise it would be free to complain to the Tree Shepherds about this bastard and land him into great trouble.

[This bloody bunch of sharp ears bastards.]

Hewjil’s uplifted mood turned dark when he thought about the Elves again. All his stolen goods were placed in the ritual hall of the Elven temple. Giving them up like that made its teeth itchy. Suddenly, it knocked into its adjutant who was in front as it did not pay attention.

Hewjil did not have anything to vent its anger on, and this made it reach its boiling point: “You mindless bastard! Do you have no eyes—”

The leader of the Lizardmen suddenly realized something was wrong, it quickly snapped its head to the object that was obscuring the light in front of it.

There was a tall Silver Elf fully clad in a heavy-looking silver armor. A pair of silver eyes was behind a pointed helmet with two wings at its side, and at the tip of it was a long white tassel extending below his shoulders.

And he…… was riding on a white unicorn.

Behind him were rows of Elves also riding unicorns. They looked almost like they were carved out of the same image; every one of them had the same body height and figure.

They stood quietly there in the forest, while the forest was completely silent—

The Elf in front of him looked down at Hewjil with expressionless eyes, yet they made it tremble. He spoke after a short moment, his voice gentle and low: “Hewjil, I presume?”

The Lizardman opened its mouth and wanted to deny it, but it found that it could not do so because from the intense gaze that seemed to pierce through any falsehoods.

“Good.” The Elf nodded: “We intended to slowly find our way to you ever since the Lizardmen invaded the ruins, but it was only until recently that we were forced to come because the kings’ graves were disturbed.”

Hewjil’s eyes narrowed in terror and felt faint. These Silver Elves were not the same as the ones they fought earlier.

The Silver Elves had truly reappeared on this continent—

=============== Brendel’s POV ============

The card in Brendel’s hand turned grey after ten minutes passed. He threw it out and it burst into flames, and left nothing behind. The card had gone into the graveyard and he felt a little annoyed at that fact. Instead of reducing the number of cards inside his grave, it seemed like he needed to retrieve more of it. Knowing that the cards in his deck were limited made him feel even more frustrated.

He peered deeper into the silent forest. Ekman had a poor sense of smell, but it had strong vision and hearing senses. It was able to listen through all of its six limbs, and capable of capturing frequencies much more than a human could.

But the distance between them were nearly five kilometers apart. If he did not make any noise, the monster would probably have a difficult time finding him.

He considered for a while. Although he wanted to wait a little longer, he was afraid that it would turn around and go for Scarlett instead. If that was the case, that would be the end of her since she was unlikely to beat even a normal person in her condition.

He chose to raise his right hand and shot a Wind Bullet into the forest.

[The ring is almost useless against that monster anyway. Using it to attract the enemy is using its capabilities well enough.]

As expected, once the spell was released, sounds of trees being felled quickly could be heard. The monster’s reaction was incredibly quick, almost rushing straight towards his directions.

Brendel did not feel tense at all. He took a deep breath to focus himself, took out a ruby from his pouch and counted the time in his mind.

Countless trees were being knocked down one after another in rapid succession, to the point where it sounded like an automatic gun being fired.

[Three, two, one…… Here it comes.]

Brendel immediately squeezed the ruby in between his fingers and formed an ‘okay’ sign. He chanted the activation words and a red light was transmitted from it. The surroundings within ten meters of Brendel was instantly silenced. The rustling of leaves, the sound of his breath, his heartbeats; everything was silenced.

– Charge remaining: 6/10

Brendel saw the indication in his eyes.

The Acolyte of Earth immediately stopped in confusion and looked everywhere. It realized that the faint heartbeat it heard earlier had completely disappeared. While it was hesitating on whether it should go back to the girl, it saw an elegant white deer appearing in front of him.

The deer trotted slowly across the ground silently. It was truly like an open challenge to Ekman who was in a berserk state. It uttered a guttural roar and charged towards it. However, the white deer was nothing more than an illusion which was made out of light. Brendel could make it as fast and agile as he pleased, and Ekman could not do anything other than to be toyed with.

Brendel hid on the branches of an old tree, holding on the statue and playing with the monster like it was a game. Every time Ekman bellowed with frustration, he giggled without holding back. There was no sound from his laughter, of course. Each cast of the Silence magic lasted for five minutes, and he had six charges left. With the addition of the ten minutes that the warhorse had given him, he gain a total of forty-five minutes.

The last option he had was the Unyielding talent, and Brendel believed that the Silver Elves would be done with the Lizardmen, even with the worst scenario where the Lizardmen attacked the backlines. Obviously, he would not gamble with his life if he did not have the means to delay the boss for that long.

The time passed by slowly—

When Brendel wanted to cast the Silence Magic for the fourth time, his heart suddenly skipped a beat. That was because he discovered the monster had suddenly stopped moving and was not paying anymore attention to the white deer.

It was making repeated growls that Brendel recognized as a warning.

[Someone’s coming, who is it? Nalaethar?]

Countless thoughts passed through his mind, but he did not waste any time and recast the Silence spell again. However, he confirmed that there was something amiss as it did not look to the north but over to his direction.

[What the actual fuck?]

His heart suddenly tightened. He went through his actions in his mind once, but he did not believe he made a mistake.

And then he caught something in the corner of his eyes—

The bushes suddenly parted, presumably with a rustle, because the monster reacted by extending to its full height and roared. A familiar face emerged from the bushes, and the person was someone whom Brendel had seen before.

It was Eke Lantonrand Ophelon, the cause of this entire chain of events.

He was the only son of Duke Rhun, and the successor of the Lantonrand territory. But that was not the biggest problem. Eke was capable of seeing Brendel from his position while Ekman could not.

The first thing that Eke saw was certainly Ekman’s body fully covered with the Element power that it had and he paled instantly. But when he looked around for a moment, he saw Brendel looking back with an incredulous expression.

[T—– This fucking wanker!]

Brendel wanted to strangle Eke for intruding into his plans. He truly did not foresee this person appearing in this desolate place.

Eke hesitated for a moment before he looked at the monster again. He pulled out his sword and ran further away from Brendel, while yelling at the monster: “What are you looking at, you monster, are you trying to pick a fight with me?”

[…… Hah?]

Brendel watched the baby-faced youth try to lure the monster away. He understood what his intentions were. At that moment all his thoughts were replaced by something else.

[Holy shit! Is this kid Oskar Schindler?!]



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 123




TL: Well two more chapters to go.

[Read more…]

Chapter 123 – Sorry, I’m not a knight.

Brendel thought he was an average human being in his past and present life. The difference between the two was that he knew the events that were to come in the future. With that basis, he had a larger ambition and desire to change Aouine’s fate, and change that ending that he bitterly regretted.

That thought did not really have anything to do with the word ‘selfless’. His wish was born out of his desires and feelings, and did not think he had become a noble person even if he saved many people in that path.

He would mete punishment equivalent to the evil deeds done, while answering with rewards to good deeds shown, and firmly believed in that principle. He had never bound himself with the responsibilities of a messiah or the likes, but at the same time he could not ignore Eke’s situation.





[Mother Marsha, did I offend you or something—]

He looked up to the sky with a helpless expression as he canceled the Silence spell.

“Stop running and come back to where you were!” He shouted to Eke.

Eke stopped running after a short while, but the Acolyte of Earth was already in the middle of the two. It first stared at Eke, before looking back at Brendel, and recognized him as the one he had been chasing all along.

“Is it really a gentleman’s behavior to steal the monster I’m hunting?” Brendel said as he looked at the monster’s many eyes, feeling like his emotions were being tied into complicated knots. He really wanted to smack the youth on the head a few times, but the latter’s actions invoked a sense of favorable impression towards him.

In the end he made a sarcastic remark.

“…… Thanks.” Eke looked back at him with a grateful smile and shouted. He knew if Brendel did not help in confronting the enemy, he would only last for a few seconds before getting shredded into pieces. The monster seemed to exceed the strength of a Gold-ranked fighter, and handling it himself was an impossible task.

It was clear that this was his fault. When he saw Brendel removing a spell, he immediately knew that it was a Silence spell; a spell frequently used by mercenaries to either ambush or infiltrate, and he was familiar with it. This was the equivalent of pulling Brendel right into danger, especially when he was clearly hurt all over from the start.

He sighed lightly and became convinced that the man on the tree was a righteous knight. Ever since he was young, he was engrossed in reading novels about knights and even dreamed of becoming one. Becoming a mercenary meant that his dream was still a little far away, but his conviction had never changed. It was also the reason why the Grey Wolves Mercenaries liked him so much.

“Ser Knight, let us work together to defeat this monster!”

Eke shouted somewhat excitedly. He knew that even if the both of them fought together they were not be able to defeat it, but if they were going to die, then they should at least have heroic deaths. He even thought it was Mother Marsha granting him a chance to fight a monster together with a real knight in his last moments, instead of seeing viewing this encounter as bad luck. (TL: This dude is absolutely bananas.)

“Huh?” Brendel obviously did not understand what he was talking about.

There was a flash of red that appeared in the monster’s eyes, and Brendel tensed up. It was a sign that it was about to attack, and he was on the verge of activating his Charge ability when he realized the monster did not move to attack him. He soon found out that it was because Eke had gone up and tried to attack it.





“Holy shit! Are you crazy?”

Brendel really wanted to cover his eyes at that moment. A level 30 idiot trying to hit a level 65 (+15) boss in a Berserk state. Indeed, the Boss had an increase in levels ever since it went berserk. Not only was it stronger, it even had the abilities of its added levels. Layers and layers of rock walls sprouted from the ground to form elaborate patterns that prevented him from advancing.

– Passive ability ‘Rock Bulwark’ activated.

Green words appeared in Brendel’s eyes. Each layer of rock was six centimeters long and was formed with quartz, capable of resisting hardened steel swords. If anyone got close to it, the shield would automatically activate to defend it from harm. A normal physical attack was useless against it.

Eke did not know that and he struck at the walls, and the sword only penetrated a few centimeters before it was stopped. He immediately realized that it was a bad move but it was too late to retreat.

The monster swung its arm backwards, its hardened forelimb bringing about a sharp blade made of wind, cutting and breaking its own layers of rocks to reach Eke. At that moment, he thought he had taken his last breath, but someone knocked deeply unto him with a great impact, sending the air out of him and forcing him to roll on the ground uncontrollably. When he finally managed to open his eyes from the pain, he realized that the monster’s attack had missed him.

When he turned his head to the side, he saw Brendel groaning as he got up and immediately understood what happened. After having a moment to allow his mind to function properly, he hurriedly spoke with gratitude: “Thanks ag—”

“Fuck!” Brendel punched the ground. The idiot had wasted his ability again. Even though Eke was better with his personality compared to the bastards Makarov and Buga, this was truly an idiot who did not think about consequences. No matter how he looked at Eke, it was clear that Makarov failed to teach him how to think ahead.

The so-called idiot youth jumped a little when he saw Brendel looking angry, but the latter did not say anything else and the monster was not going to wait for them, so he put his worries aside and bravely said: “Ser Knight, let me distract him and you can attack him—”

“Shut your god damned mouth! Stop your bullshit!” Brendel cut him off again with a roar.

“I’m sorry……”





“Forget it. Just stop your nonsense.” Brendel’s patience had ran out and his replies were curt. The monster began to charge towards them like a heavy tank and he immediately stood up. There was no time to waste when he had to face a boss with limited options. Since the monster had trouble turning around easily, he kicked himself off the trees and launched himself to the sides and ran towards the monster’s rear.

[I’ll test out Frontal Assault first—]

What surprised him was how easy he managed to get behind him. Even if the monster turned slowly, it would not give up on defending itself. He was even prepared to suffer an attack if things went awry. But he suddenly thought of another possibility and stiffly turned his head to Eke, then broke out into a cold sweat.

Eke had placed his sword horizontally across his chest and faced the Acolyte of Earth directly where he was.

“What the fucking hell—-!”

Brendel stopped his motion to use Frontal assault and instead raised his hand to use the Flame Ring. The explosive fireball struck the monster’s shoulder, disrupting its aim slightly. Instead of hitting Eke’s chest the attack landed on his left shoulder instead. The latter cried out loudly and was knocked straight into the bushes. There was a loud crash as he slammed into a tree and there was no further sound.

Brendel quickly retreated, but when he looked at the monster that was turning towards him, he could only scream repeatedly by cursing Eke in his mind.

He was completely out of options now. He could only hope for Nalaethar to reach here as soon as possible, but it seemed like the wish was truly unlikely. Was Mother Marsha listening to his prayers?

Suddenly, he heard a light giggle that sounded like it came from a child. It sounded truly out of place in this forest —

=============== Amandina’s POV ============

After Romaine joined the battle the situation was quickly reversed. She did not want to tell her how many Exploding Crystals she had, and simply handed two over to the mercenaries who quickly used them against the Lizardmen, forcing them back from the roof. However, their commander ordered them to attack in a loose formation and once again pushed towards the roof.

Romaine took out another two Exploding crystals and indicated that she did not have anymore left, but no one believed her. The horn from the battlefield suddenly sounded out for a long time. This was a signal to indicate the battle at the frontlines was over, and they were free to pull out of battle.

However, Amandina did not want this to end and she quickly issued an order.





“Deyna, get me Romaine’s bag—”

The Elven girl obeyed the order and resulted in Romaine staring at Amandina with teary eyes. The latter took her bag and poured it out onto the ground. She discovered there was another two Exploding Crystals in it, and she yelled angrily: “I told you these things are dangerous! How could you hide six Exploding Crystals from me!

“I did make sure that I kept them carefully.” Romaine said in a pitiful voice.

“That isn’t the problem…… Forget it. I’ll talk to you later.” Amandina sighed. “Deyna, distribute the remaining crystals. I want a counter attack.”

She nodded and left.

The conclusion of the battle was nearly over.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 124




TL: 1 more chapter.

[Read more…]

Chapter 124 – The observer in the back (1)

The clear laughter pierced through the quiet forest.

Brendel and Ekman raised their heads to the source of the voice, and discovered a short girl sitting on top of a branch. She looked like she was fourteen or fifteen years old, and had twin ponytails that were slightly curled. She supported her round face with both hands and looked at Brendel with interest.

The girl’s clear green eyes was also filled with mirth. She wore traditional leather armor and shook her boots subconsciously.

“Mister Brendel, do you need any help?” The girl asked with a big smile.

“Who are you?” Brendel asked after a moment and narrowed his eyes. The little girl was somehow familiar to him.

“Rauze.” The girl said.

“Rauze?”





Ekman’s bellow interrupted the both of them. It was clearly displeased with this newcomer, but there seemed to be something dangerous about her and was reluctant to move rashly. It looked at her cautiously while lowering its body and entered into a wary stance.

This action clearly grabbed Brendel’s attention.

“How annoying, interrupting me when I’m speaking—” The little girl snapped her teeth lightly and jumped down, with a huge greatsword suddenly appearing in her hands. She did not waste any more lines and swung it. Ekman roared loudly and jumped back a little, placing both its hardened arms in front of him. There was a sharp snapping sound like twigs being snapped, as the sword’s blade shattered the layers of the rock shield like it was made of glass before destroying the outer layer of the forefront limbs.

Copper-green blood immediately spurted out from the cracks, but the blade continued to travel its path without stopping, slicing off its limbs and biting into its chest. A loud explosion rang out as the sword knocked Ekman away, causing it to scream repeatedly from pain.

Bredel froze there on the spot.

The attack was done in the blink of an eye. She only took a split second to beat that scary monster Ekman into a pulp. He even asked himself if it was an illusion. How did she make it was even weaker than the low leveled grey wolves outside of Bucce?

“You are……” Before Brendel could finish his words, his mouth opened widely because the girl threw away the gigantic sword like it was a toothpick into Ekman’s direction. A loud crash could be heard as the sword struck it and the forest was silent once again.

“……” Brendel did not know what to say.

“Such a naughty little puppy. It needs to be taught a lesson before it’s quiet.” The little girl clapped her hands as if to get rid of the dust on them before she turned around. Because Brendel was much taller than her, she had to look up at him.

“What were you asking just now, mister Brendel?” She asked while raising her eyebrow in a mischievous manner.





“Erm…… I have no questions. I have things to do, so I’m going to leave now.” It looked like the girl was someone violent, and he knew how many crazy NPCs there were in the game. Even though they had amazing hidden side quests, it would be better to leave them alone if he could not handle it.

There was no way he could revive in this world so he had to flee now before trouble got a hold on him.

Sadly, that trouble was looking specifically for him—

“Wait,” The little girl saw that Brendel really wanted to leave and pulled his sleeves, but she had hurriedly grabbed his leather armor with both hands and tore the seams off with a loud ripping sound. She stuck out her tongue: “Sorry, I think I used too much strength…..”

Brendel said nothing as he took off his leather armor and threw it onto the ground because it was not usable anymore. He sighed and turned around: “Do I know you, miss Rauze?”

“Of course you do, you even accepted such a precious gift from me.”

“Wait— I don’t understand what you mean. What precious gift did I accept from you?”

She pointed at his bag.

“You mean to say…..”

The little girl nodded.

Brendel’s face darkened. The Golden Apple naturally would not find its way into his bag without rhyme or reason. He had suspected that someone did it on purpose, but he always lacked a target to point his finger at. He even thought that it was Romaine’s aunt that he had not met yet, especially after he met Tulman. However, he did not think it was….. a little girl?

He looked at her. Her features were pretty like a doll and she was staring at him in a mischievous manner. He still felt it was a little difficult to believe her.

“So, you know what that is?”

“The Fairy’s Apple. Is it rare?”

[She really is that person.]

“That means you were at that place from the start?”

“Haaah~~~ I feel really hurt that you are so~~~ suspicious of me, mister Brendel! Of course I know what that place is. The Valley of the Holy Saints, that is the name you humans call it right?”

[You humans—?]

Brendel caught that two words. He tested her in order to confirm his suspicions and there was no mistaking it. At the very least, she was somehow related to the Golden Apple. Even he did not realize he was carrying it for a while, after the visit to the Valley of the Holy Saints.





“Why did you give this to me?” Brendel thought for a while before he retrieved the shining golden apple and asked the question he had that was on his mind ever since the day he found it. The Golden Apple was famous amongst folklore as the Golden Tree was grown from the River of Destiny, and had the ability to change the fate of a person. “I don’t believe I know you personally, miss Rauze?”

The short girl giggled again, her eyes turning into crescents. “Of course there’s a reason. Just treat it as a thank you gift.”

“A thank you gift?”

She nodded.

“Somehow I feel that it sounds like it’s big trouble.” Brendel could feel black manga lines creeping over his forehead and his face darkened slightly.

[A Golden Apple as a thank you gift. I can just imagine how much trouble it is.]

“That’s why I’m thanking you ahead with that gift, mister Brendel.”

“You saved me this time to thank me too?” Brendel was beginning to find what sort of trouble he got himself into but did not think he did anything crazy enough to attract her attention. He thought for a long time but was not able to figure it out. Rauze did not look like she was lying, and more to the point, did not need to give him a Golden Apple to make fun of him.

“Well, no actually.” Rauze shook her head, and her pair of golden twintails shook in a playful manner.

Brendel looked at her in silence.

“I wanted to ask you a question but I’m not sure if I want to ask you . If I ask you the question, then I can get the satisfaction of getting the answer, but if I don’t ask you I can get the satisfaction of guessing the answer. It’s so annoying and so conflicting. But if that naughty puppy killed you, wouldn’t I lose that satisfaction? No, no, no!”

[My god. Ekman died in such a horrible manner. Why does it sound like, ‘Well shit, I’m in a bad mood today, I’m doing whatever I want, so fuck you—‘? No matter how I look at it, this girl sounds like the unwelcomed and unreasonable dragon race in the continent.]

“And?” Brendel said.

“I changed my mind. I thought about it enough, and I decided that I want to ask you this question—”

“So you’re going to lose your fun of guessing?”





“Didn’t I say I changed my mind.”

“Very well, what do you want to ask me?”

Rauze pointed at the Golden Apple.

“It has something to do with this?” Brendel looked at her incredulously.

“Mister Brendel, you should very well know the value of the Fairy’s apple, have you not thought about eating it?”

He shook his head. He had already planned his path ahead of him. However, the girl’s attitude had raised his suspicions. He looked at the apple in his hand and wondered if it was fake or if there was some other problem to it.

He never believed that something good would just happen out of nowhere.

“Are you worried that I’m lying to you? Don’t worry, there’s no poison to it this time, but I did add something interesting to it—” The girl answered.

Brendel felt his back grow cold with sweat. It was lucky that he was careful.

“What interesting thing?” He asked, but it seemed like Rauze did not wish to answer.

Instead, she parted the bushes and ran to Ekman’s corpse, then dragged the gigantic monster over like she was dragging a small animal. She knocked it around a few times, then suddenly discovered a longbow before throwing it to the sides.

“Strange, the mana around it is dissipating so quickly. And why is it carrying a longbow?”

[Shit, stop messing the body with your unlucky hands!]

Players discovered in the game that monsters’ drops were affected by the rate of mana disappearing. A bound Magic Weapon could even be damaged from the disappearing mana, and it was dependent on luck as to how many items could be gotten.

Brendel was the called the King of Luckless Hands because the monsters’ mana usually disappeared quickly when he messed around with their bodies. The only person who had even worse luck was his female senior, and her level was at the instant evaporation of mana, leaving almost no items behind. He had the sensibility to leave the looting of corpses to other people, but she was really into looting as though she wanted to defeat the fate of being luckless.

In the end, she failed in her challenge.

But this time Brendel witnessed another person who was as luckless as she was.

A level 65 Boss in a berserk state that was killed perfectly when he was at level 25, yet the first item was a longbow at a Brass-rating (Magic) rarity as a reward.

– Shale Longbow, Brass-rating (magic).

[Please stop, please……! What happened to my promised pauldrons at the Gold-rating (Fantasy) rarity?!] Brendel’s heart was bleeding with tears.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 125




TL: Okay. That’s the last chapter of the batch. If you wish to support me, please donate generously so I can get a few more artbooks.

[Read more…]

Chapter 125 – The observer in the back (2)

The girl knelt beside the corpse that was almost like a small building. She flipped it around for quite some time but she did not seem to discover anything else, so she lifted the longbow by its string with her fingers, stood up and shook it in front of Brendel before placing it on the ground: “Do you want it?”

“How about you?”

Rauze naturally shook her head at the longbow which was taller than her. “It’s useless to me, I just want to see what it had—”

Brendel wanted to hit the ground.

[If you don’t need it stop messing with the body!]

He really wanted to destroy things with his bare hands so he could feel better, but the girl literally killed the Acolyte of Earth with one single blow for him so he had no rights to complain about it. He could only ask with the faintest of hope:





“That’s it?”

“What do you mean by ‘that’s it’?”

“You only discovered this longbow?”

“Of course not, there are quite a number of things on it, but they don’t fit my aesthetics so I didn’t want to touch them at all.”

[This is a reason?] Brendel grumbled, but he continued to ask the question he did not receive an answer to:

“You still haven’t told me what you added to the Golden Apple. If that’s a thank you gift, I think I have the right to know what it is, right?” He lifted up at the apple. He originally wanted to let Freya or Romaine eat it, but he found that it was fortunate that he did not do so. Only the Gods would know what was on it.

He carefully placed it slightly further away from him, in case he somehow touched that ‘interesting thing’ on it.

“It’s a secret.” She giggled again.

“Secret…” His mouth twitched a little.

Brendel still wanted to get an answer but Rauze suddenly frowned a little and looked to a certain direction. She put her index finger to her lips and made an action to get him to be quiet.

“Someone’s coming.” Her expressions turned solemn. “Mister Brendel, your adventures were really exciting and I like them very much. I came to see you personally this time because there’s a little trouble back in my clan. My friend and I need to return back there soon.” (TL: Friend’s name is Phoral.)

“Hold on.” Brendel suddenly caught on to a number of things. The girl seemed to have followed him for a long time, but he caught onto something that practically confirmed his suspicion: “Clan? You are……”

Rauze nodded with a smile.

An explosion set off in his mind. The only race that liked to call itself ‘clan’ was the Dragon race. Everyone in the continent disliked them, even the Madara undead. They were arrogant and did crazy things, while being unreasonable all the time and were infamous for their deeds.

He really did not expect to be involved with a little girl dragon for so long, but it was fortunate that she did not become unhappy through the process and ate him for lunch. In fact, it seemed she seemed like she had a favorable opinion of him. Now he somehow felt a little lucky with a dragon covering his back.

Was this good karma for rescuing the refugees?

“All right, Mister Brendel, those men are about to reach here. I don’t want these lowly stupid creatures to see me. Don’t worry, I’ll stay with you a little longer and not let them hurt you.” She stood up on her toes and petted his shoulders, like she was his older godsister. Her body started to fade away, becoming transparent and disappeared entirely.





[Hurt me? Why would Nalaethar and the Silver Elves need to do that?]

For the prideful Silver Elves to be called as lowly creatures by the dragon girl would likely cause their king to wake up from his grave and return to the world. At the same time, the dragons were the rare races who still held on the Golden Bloodlines. The dragons might not have large numbers because they conceived less compared to the other races, but any of their lineage had the ability to use the Element power from the time when they were born. It was the most recognizable sign of the Golden Bloodlines.

[Nalaethar is really slow…… Hmm, did I forget something?]

A faint thought of something important passed through his mind, but he was instantly distracted by Ekman’s body. Since a pair of unlucky hands already went through his body, then the items were probably set in stone. He first picked up the longbow in front of him and read the description from the system.

– Shale Longbow, Brass-rating (Magic).

– Piercing damage: 25-29, +4 agility, +2 strength

– Ability: Creates one Arrow of Petrification (1 week cooldown)

Brendel played with the longbow’s string. He was barely satisfied with the stats. Even though it was merely at a Brass-rating with normal stats, the ability to create an Arrow of Petrification was very useful, as this type of arrow could not be replicated by spells. The arrow was completely effective on any Iron-rank fighters and below, but that would be a waste to use it on them. It would be a serious threat to peak Silver-rank fighters at level 40, and even affect gold-rank fighters at lvl 41-50.

The arrow itself can be kept like any other generated Magic arrows, and would retain its effectiveness even after a long time. This was something players loved to hoard, and many archers prepared this ammunition in advance. It also did not need special bows in order for it to be used too.

The Shale Longbow was not a terrible weapon but it was underwhelming if it was dropped from a level 65 boss with a perfect kill score. He eagerly went went over to Ekman, even though Rauze was still at his side. Finding great equipment from a boss was still something that enticed him enough for him to ignore other problems.

He carefully placed the Golden Apple on the ground. He did not feel like putting back into his bag until he figured what the apple had on it. Then he went over and checked Ekman’s body.

– Star of Flames, Brass-rating (Magic)

– Expands Fire Element Mana Pool by 50%, increase Fire Element by 10.

Brendel giggled three times when he saw this necklace.

He was a Planeswalker in this world and it was important to expand his Fire Element Mana Pool. This suddenly led him to consider finding and equipping equipment from the Elementalist’s profession. He could find brooches and earrings, and expanding his Mana pool several times would be an easy task. Even if he had shitty innate talent, he could be a qualified user with great artifacts.

[Cheating with items in order to compensate for the lack of talent. Ha, ha, ha.]

Brendel chucked away the necklace before he suddenly heard a snap behind him. When he turned around, he saw a group of men walking out from the bushes. Brendel’s eyes went wide when he saw them, and realized what that important thought was.

If Eke appeared, was it not possible that the bastards Makarov and Buga were nearby? Naturally there were more than the two of them. Seven or eight men accompanied them, but they did not like they were from the Grey Wolves Mercenaries.

Brendel concentrated on his eyes on the old man behind Makarov and Buga, frowning as he felt like he had seen him before from somewhere.





But compared to Brendel’s surprise, Makarov and Buga were utterly shocked. They obviously recognized him, but Brendel looked like a hero depicted from some legendary fable. He was holding on to a short sword, with bloody wounds all over his fit body which were exposed to the air. The monstrous Acolyte of Earth, Ekman, was cut up with deep gashing wounds and laid dead with blood spewed everywhere. It was even dragged a sizable distance on the ground.

It did not seem wrong to say that the youth took the monster down all by himself after an incredible grueling fight.

Buga and Makarov fought against Ekman a few nights ago, and even at that time the level 50 Boss was equivalent to a level 65 normal monster, which already exceeded a Gold-rank fighter, and were completely outmatched. The worst thing was how Buga and Ekman had the same Element type, making it easy for everyone to see the difference between their strength. Once he realized that he was outmatched, Buga and Makarov made the decision to leave the Grey Wolves Mercenaries and left them to fend for themselves.

The two of them took a step back when they saw that corpse.

[This young man……] Makarov thought to himself.

“It’s you!” But it was Buga who spoke first.

“I was wonder who could it be.” Brendel answered lazily as he looked at them. He was laughing inside his mind. To think that karma happened so quickly.





[It looks like you have yourself to blame for your bad luck. What a fucking joke. If I don’t get my revenge, I won’t live up to my name as the Super Veteran, and should just retire somewhere to live life peacefully.]

His reply came with a pair of folded arms without any inflections to his voice. Buga’s sudden call out was followed by a long silence—



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 126




TL: Thanks for the continued support and this chapter is sponsored. This is the first TL draft without any error checks or edits. Sentencing might not be smooth. I’ll fix it soon (20-21 hours later).

Edit: Still under editing.

[Read more…]

TL: I think I’m actually not going to purchase ME:Andromeda. The score for the game is seriously bad, 3.9 metacritic user ratings for the PC version? Must be a huge disappointment for the serious fans. Probably get persona 5 instead.

Chapter 126 – With great power comes great responsibilities (1)

“Mister Brendel, do you need some help with your injuries?” As one would expect from the experienced cunning fox, Makarov smiled and asked in a well meaning way after overcoming his shock, as though he was not the cause of Brendel’s troubles: “We did not expect to meet you again after we got separated from the ambush.”

[You fucking bastard— You led the enemies to us and you dare to take zero responsibility for your shit? Are you really treating me like a naive kid?]

However, Brendel did not display his fury and even smiled back, patting the lifeless head of the Acolyte of Earth: “Nope. This enemy is not strong enough to cause me any trouble. It’s a pity that you fled so quickly last night, I couldn’t even react fast enough to lend you aid as allies. I sincerely apologize for that.”





Both of them exchanged barbs with each other. Their skills at spouting bullshit seemed like a stalemate, but Makarov was on his guard because he was not certain whether Brendel knew the whole truth or because he was angry at his actions at the night of the ambush. Brendel appeared like he had many facets to him in contrast to his youthful appearance, and Makarov felt it was difficult to deal with him in such a short notice.

Even to the point where he had to ignore Brendel’s sarcastic remarks.

Ultimately he was not there to argue with the youth. He frowned and looked at the area behind Brendel’s back. He hesitated for a while before he asked:

“Mister Brendel, did you see anyone else passing by here?”

“Perhaps you mean to find a young man?” Brendel asked innocently while suppressing his laughter.

“Yes, we are indeed looking for a young man!” Makarov answered as the people behind him also appeared anxious.

“Well if my guess isn’t wrong, that would be mister Eke you’re looking for?” Brendel asked.

Their expressions immediately turned serious.

“You know him?” Makarov took a step forward and his words left him before he could stopped himself. He realized he had overreacted and coughed once, before he returned to where he was. He looked at the Buga and the old man beside him. Buga was holding on his greatsword’s hilt with one hand and looked warily at the youth with a darkened expression, while the old man looked at him with a thoughtful face.





Makarov was certain that Brendel understood part of the situation by now, although he did not think that the latter knew of their identities, as the entire Grey Wolves Mercenaries and Eke were completely deceived by him.

“Mister Brendel, Eke is the son of my close friend. I promised him that I would take care of Eke, but I accidentally got separated from him. Please tell me where you saw him.” Makarov coughed again and asked.

[You got separated with not only Eke but the entire Grey Wolves Mercenaries right? You don’t even looked concerned with their well being, you piece of shit.]

“Close friend? The subordinate of Duke Rhun, Makarov, calling his lord with that title? Would your duke agree to that?”

The moment Brendel mentioned Duke Rhun, the followers behind Makarov immediately drew out their weapons, while he looked at them in amusement.

“Young man, who exactly are you.” Makarov finally cast off his friendly tone and questioned him in a demanding tone. He immediately wondered if Brendel was on Conrad’s side, but when he looked at the Acolyte of Earth, that did not seem likely.

[A third faction? Even though the possibility is there, who would be interested in this affair? It does feel more likely that it’s not a faction within the kingdom. Then from the outside? Madara or Kirrlutz?]

Brendel did not know what Makarov was thinking, but he waited for the old man to make his move. If he was standing beside Buga and Makarov, then his status would be high enough for him to do so. That was not Duke Rhun, and he would not make a mistake in recognizing that famous person and would not be fooled even if Duke Rhun was to disguise himself.

The old finally spoke, but the question he asked surprised everyone.

“Young man, is that the Fairy’s Apple beside your feet?” The old man had spend all the time identifying it and asked.

[Crap!]

Brendel yelled in his mind and realized he did not keep the fruit in his bag. That mistake was partially caused by Rauze’s remarks on adding something to the Golden Apple, and also because he did not expect anyone else coming other than his allies.

At the same time, he finally recognized who the old man was when he spoke.

That was the head of the court wizards, the old minister who aided King Ansen the seventh, Fleetwood Deverra Gemmer.

[This person is the princess and prince’s teacher. So he’s involved in all of this. To think Makarov has this hidden card. No wonder he’s confident enough to leave Eke in town. He even fooled me into thinking his forces were stretched thin. Conrad must have sent part of his men to the town as well, and if Fleetwood is there…… I see. The Grey Wolves Mercenaries was a bait all along. Makarov wanted to make sure that all of Conrad’s men are accounted for. Then—]





Brendel’s mind worked furiously as he looked suspiciously at the men in front of him and his hand subconsciously touched his sword’s hilt.

Even though he understood the motives of the nobles’ need for such merciless behavior in times where Madara was at their doorstep, but they had never acknowledged their feelings. Sanford, Scarlett and even Redi, had given up great sacrifices in order to work for Makarov, but were regarded as nothing more than mere pawns.

When they did not need these pawns anymore, they simply sent them out to die and destroyed their dreams, not even allowing them to resist. The worst thing was how they did not realize this point at all.

Brendel took a deep breath and gritted his teeth. He was determined to teach these vermins a lesson. It was not because he was honorable, but because he could no longer tolerate his situation. He wanted them to pay for their actions.

“Grandmaster Fleetwood, right?”

Brendel took the Golden Apple and shook it in front of them.

His actions made Makarov and Buga’s expression change. They finally realized what Fleetwood meant by the Fairy’s Apple. That was the fruit of the Golden Tree. With that item, they had the ability to change everything. The dying king’s body, or even the prince’s feeble personality and luck, with the Golden Apple, everything would change.

Was this the chance that the Gods gave Aouine?

Everyone in front of Brendel thought of that.

Regardless of whether it was the two-faced Makarov or Fleetwood who had seen countless events, had their breaths quickened.

“Young man, the thing in your hands is important to us. May I know if you’re willing to sell it to us? We will fulfill your demands, regardless of whether it is money or power.”

Brendel felt two hands placed onto his shoulders, and a small voice in his ears: “Do you want to sell it? I permit you to do that, mister Brendel.”

Brendel merely gave a big smile while looking at them like they were rotting pigswill. “You want it?”

“Yes,” Makarov continued from Fleetwood with incredible charisma: “Mister Brendel, that item in your hand is incredibly important to us, to the point where it can change the fate of many people. Please believe me when we say that we’re not buying this for ourselves. We are also willing to pay and abide for a fair transaction. As long as you quote a price, we will do our best to fulfill it. Money, power, girls, or even boys, anything that you desire— we will grant it.”

Brendel chortled coldly: “Such bold claims, mister Makarov. What do you have to guarantee anything to say, or even let me trust you? Just because the royal family is behind you? You ask me what I want? Very well, I do want to ask you two questions—”

The three men in front of Brendel looked at each other in confusion. They did not understand his request, but if that was all, this chance could not be squandered, so Makarov nodded: “Go ahead and ask.”

“The first question. I’m really curious and I don’t understand your plan quite a bit. If you had Grandmaster Fleetwood, why do you need mister Buga and yourself to risk your lives, and even throw away the Grey Wolves Mercenaries here.”

Makarov and Buga did not expect this question at all and looked blankly at him, but it was Fleetwood who answered: “Young man, these fights are not what they seem at all on the surface. I don’t know how much you know exactly, but we don’t want to the world to know that the royal family has interfered in this matter—”





He did not wish to reveal this information to a stranger, but Brendel had already recognized him, and the item in his hand was too important, so he lowered his status and explained for him.

“I see.” Brendel nodded.

“Then the second question. The fact that you came here, is it because you wanted to gather back the Grey Wolves Mercenaries?” Brendel lowered his head with a smile, hiding away his sinister eyes: “You see, I accepted your men into my group……”

Makarov and Fleetwood looked at each other before he shook his head: “No, you’re thinking too much Mr Brendel. We have no intention to come back for them at all. It was because Mister Eke insisted to find his companions and his betrothed.”

He felt a little awkward when he spoke about his betrothed. It was shameful that he allowed the only son of Duke Rhun to get engaged with someone under his watch. But he shook his head and continued his answer:

“The Grey Wolves Mercenaries are a thing of the past. It doesn’t exist any longer, and for the men that you accepted, I thank you.”

[As expected.] Brendel was grinding his teeth.

He heard a clanking sound on the ground, and everyone turned to the source of the sound. They found a red-haired girl covered in blood and holding on to her wound on her cheat, standing blankly there. The spear in her hand had dropped onto the ground.

TL: Sorry, I couldn’t resist from quoting something from something.

What do you want? Hmm? Girl? Boy? – Proximo



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 127




TL: This sponsored chapter is in the first draft stage (completely unchecked+unedited). I’ll edit it later. If you want to see a more refined chapter, come back 24 hours later.

[Read more…]

TL: Skip to chapter if you don’t want to see my ramblings.

I recently installed ME:2 and replayed the game again. The game has really aged. Overwatch felt responsive while ME:2 felt clunky. The story was actually not that good when I looked at it from a 2nd time. Anyways, I had my fill of space RPG and I’ll be finishing my drawings.



WIP more refined color sketch. Left image is a test image which I won’t be finishing (although it’s probably nicer to look at because the features are lit up). I’m going to complete the right image in order to improve on the anatomy skills and rim lights. I’m spotting loads of mistakes that I need to correct from the reference.

Reference

Chapter 127 – With great power comes great responsibilities (2)

“Scarlett?” Makarov’s eyes bulged slightly, before he glanced at Brendel with a heavy heart, and understood why he had asked these two questions earlier.

However, at this critical juncture, Fleetwood would never allow him to anger the youth in front of him, even if the latter sowed discord in front of him. He tried to suppress his emotions, but the emotional blow to him was so strong that he could only look away, when his adopted daughter looked at him with disbelief and a tinge of sadness in her eyes.





Even if he had a thousand excuses, or at the very least one sentence which Scarlett hoped to even listen to, he could not speak of it.

“She’s a gold rank fighter……” Buga suddenly spoke.

Makarov looked at her again in surprise and realized it was true. He did not know what happened to her in just a few days, and thought it was her potential that came out from the dire situation she was in. They had completely failed to spot her talent, but the value of the Golden Apple in Brendel’s hand surpassed any gold-ranked fighters.

That was a source of the Golden Bloodline.

Once the person ate it, they would become a ‘Chosen’.

“Scarlet, you……” Makarov’s explanations turned into these two words.

But no further words came out from him, and the girl looked sadly to the man whom she looked up to as a father. It was not disappointment she had in her eyes, but a gaze of pleading, even if it was just a white lie, she would believe it.

She waited helplessly for her merciless leader to change his mind, hoping to hear the words “I’m sorry, welcome back…..”

His words felt like he was concerned about her well-being, but his actions were clearly drawing a line that they were nothing more than strangers. The tall figure of Makarov instantly became blurry and far away from Scarlett and she clutched over her heart as tears spilled from her eyes.

“Why…..” She sobbed out a single word before she fainted right onto the ground with a audible sound with her eyes closed.

Even with this scene appearing in front of Makarov, he chose to stay silent.

Brendel’s eyes were cold and furious. He felt a tap on his back, and he nodded. If Rauze did not alert him in advance, he would not have detected Scarlett’s presence. He wanted her to know the truth about Makarov because he could not allow Makarov to keep her like a pawn to be disposed of any time.

“I’m sorry.” Brendel sighed and muttered. It was not his intention to break her heart.

He walked over to her and held her in his arms, and cleaned off the mud from her face. Her tears could still be seen on her face and looked like she was still reliving a nightmare. He then carefully propped her against a tree, before turning back to Makarov and the others with a condescending gaze.

“Mister Brendel?” Fleetwood cut in as he felt Brendel’s fury.





“MAKAROV!” Brendel’s roar was unleashed with a burning fury from his chest, his voice so cold that it was like a blade at their throats. Everyone was startled, not knowing what exactly was his relationship with Scarlett was.

“Do you think me as a fool? I know all your fucking secrets! Ever since King Ansen the Seventh took the throne, Aouine has been on a decline, and this kingdom is shrouded from the light and became dark from corruption. Ten years, you staked everything on a comeback with all you’ve got. Your carefully laid out merciless plan seemed like it was meant for the greater good, but the truth is all of you just wanted to indict Duke Arreck and control the nobles after he’s gone. You lied to the whole kingdom into thinking Duke Lantonrand is a fool so you can become the victors at the end. Who else is assisting you? Lord Schwake?”

Brendel’s words were like daggers that lodged into their hearts. Makarov and Fleetwood paled immediately and even forgot to breath as they tried to guess who exactly the youth in front of them was.

He had pointed out the gist of their plans, and even knew that it was a gamble that was all or nothing. All sacrifices were worth the price, even if it meant their lives. The political exchange between the royal faction and the nobles had become something like a fantatical belief. There was only one chance to topple their target, and once they did so, the royal faction that was losing the battle would be able to turn the tide and sweep the darkness that was plaguing the kingdom.

This was the makings of a great legend, and it should rightly have legendary ending of good triumphing over evil. It was supposed to be flawless, but the youth who was a stranger who knew more than most of their members, even had the knowledge of when the plan started.

[Who is this bastard? What is he planning?] Makarov’s forehead was glistening with cold sweat.

Brendel punched a nearby tree in explosive anger, causing it to splinter: “Under the banner of ‘justice’ from the royal faction, your sword points even at the men and women who are innocent! For the sake of the kingdom’s future, you even tried to bribe me with Aouine’s citizens. Girls?! Boys?! Your morals have been fed to the dogs! Your honor has been fucked away like whores! You sent men and women out to their deaths even if your plans fail completely and utterly!”

“Stop your insults.” Fleetwood’s wrinkles bunched up together as he also felt a wrath boiling in him. Even though the Golden Apple was something important to them, he could not allow him to insult the royal crown.

“Do you have nothing to say about your plans, Grandmaster Fleetwood?”

“Our plans have not failed—”

“Do you want to know the reasons why your failure is inevitable?” Brendel suddenly laughed in a pleasant voice. He took a deep breath as he recalled the past in his previous life. The memories of burning pillars and furniture in the castle. The kingdom was in ruins and destroyed by Madara, and everything was gone.

The Princess Regent’s final wish.

The oath from the Goddess of War.

They made their vows as though they would be able to allow Aouine to rise from the ashes, and every gamer in the kingdom poured their efforts into the war. But Madara poured in like a black sea and swept everything away. It was an ending that was destined for faliure and tragedy.

The nobles who won against Duke Lantonrand were still seating in their high chairs and manipulating the scenes from behind. They thought that they were the final victors by ruining the royal family, but they were ultimately slayed. Countless lives were lost.

Even till the end, they did not take responsibility for their actions.

[These nobles are so high up on their horses that I don’t know how to deal with them. They think their every action is sacred, putting in so much belief into their corrupted sense of ‘justice’ and ‘kindness’ or just plain ‘I deserve this shit because I’m a fucking noble’.]

“How can I let you see the truth…..” Brendel sighed tiredly. He shook his hand: “This Golden Apple. I know what kind of impact it has in your eyes, because this will make your ‘game’ shine ever brighter. You truly believe that the scales will tip in your favor. Sadly, and it’s not because I wish to shock you, you are destined to fail.”

“What are you talking about?” This time it was Buga who frowned.

“Young man, not everyone can become a seer.” Fleetwood shook his head.

“The ones who uses such lies are burned on a stake.” Makarov added with a threatening glare.

“You don’t believe?” Brendel merely laughed.

“Your reason?” Buga asked simply.

“I recall a story. During the Aouine’s brightest era, the knights of Aouine would carry their horns and swallowtail flags. With their blades pointed forth, they would blow their horns and charge forth. The golden emblems from Corvado, Grinoires and Arreck were woven onto the swallowtail flags. The nobles in that era held on their oaths—”

Brendel took a pause.





“Do you still remember that oath?” Brendel smiled.

They looked at him with a dumbfounded look.

“Don’t recall it?” Brendel’s eyes were full of ridicule: “That’s fine. I can recite it for you.”

“I swear upon this sword and will stay true to this oath! I will lead my citizens away from wars and killings, to distance ourselves from the empire’s nobles’ arrogance and greed; I will never repeat the mistakes of the empire’s bloody history. I will ensure that the nobles will be faithful to the knights’ code of being fair and disciplined, brave and unflinching, generous and benevolent. I will enforce this oath to the end of my life!”

Brendel recited these words passionately and looked at the speechless men in front of him.

“Do you still recall the person who made this vow?” He said.

Fleetwood, Makarov and Buga exchanged glances. They felt a little hot on their faces. They obviously knew who made the oath, but they merely forgot who did it.

“Indeed,” Brendel nodded: “That is the source of your beliefs, the origin of Aouine’s nobles. Your ancestral king of the wise, the First King Erik who swore upon the Lionheart. Do you remember the words after the oath? When the day comes where the nobles of Aouine have forgotten their responsibilities, then this sword shall return to where it came from and not protect this kingdom any longer.”





“Do you not remember?” Brendel asked admist the silence. “You don’t—”

“Such a pity.” Brendel spoke again after their replies still did not come.

He then sighed and cast his gaze into the distant forest. The afternoon sun seemed to shine a little brighter.

Teaser for next chapter:

“Mister Brendel, that oath you just recited seemed to have resonated with something; this power, is really strange…… I can’t suppress it any longer……” Rauze suddenly whispered. “I can’t hold it any longer, I’m releasing the barrier…..”

“Hey, wait!”

……….

“T-this……. This is….. King Erik’s Lionheart sword……” Fleetwood was completely stunned.





* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 128




TL: Okay, I didn’t expect the teaser to be seen as a cliffhanger. I was thinking, man Brendel has a grand speech, surely there must be something that’s going to come out of it. I still don’t have the time to edit the recent chapters, so expect errors.

The next sponsored chapter is coming in a day or so. Sometimes I update the schedule (on the donation section) on the right if you really need to see when.

[Read more…]

Chapter 128 – The acknowledgement from the knights

The youth’s voice seemed to linger in their minds.





They were silenced by his words, cutting through their excuses and beliefs, forcing them to lower their heads and ponder upon their actions. Even ardent supporters of the crown, Fleetwood and Makarov’s minds were shaken in that moment. Was the origin of Aouine not the brightest era?

But they calmed down and reinforced their beliefs.

“The ancestral king’s ideals are lofty and admirable, but the era now is different from the era of the past.” The elderly scholar sighed: “To the very end, we cannot allow ourselves to abandon our plans because of the possibility of the Lionheart abandoning us.”

“Ideals will not change reality!” Makarov added to Fleetwood’s words with an indignant voice.

“Therefore you would answer the arrogant and ruthless nobles with your own coldblooded hubris. What is the difference between you and them?” Brendel answered with vehement displeasure. “The royal crown, the nobles, any of you, would not bring real change to Aouine, therefore your failure is assured. Even if you claim victory over Duke Arreck, are you capable of winning against Madara?”

“Stop your nonsense!” Makarov’s voice was like the grinding of teeth: “How would a kingdom splintered into political factions be able to fight against the invaders! This matter has nothing to do with you, now please fulfill your promise and give the Golden Apple to us!”

Brendel’s body shook though he was trying to suppress his laughter.

“The royal faction allowed Madara’s invasion to come to pass! How would Aouine ever be able to repel the invaders? Your king betrayed Aouine! This Fairy’s Apple that is capable of changing a person’s destiny, but—” Brendel glanced sadly at Scarlett, before he raised his voice: “It won’t change a kingdom’s destiny. Maybe that sickly king of yours can survive, or that cowardly prince of yours might finally grow a pair of balls, but your actions will only hinder her first step—” (TL: Brendel is referring to the princess.)

“So,” Brendel placed the fruit back into his bag: “You’re not getting it.”





“You bastard!” Makarov bellowed angrily, his chest full of rage after being played by Brendel. Even though he knew that it was a huge possibility that Brendel was toying with him, it was his condescending tone that truly enraged him. The advisor known as the ‘Cunning Fox’ lost his wits and regained that identity of the former Grey Wolves Mercenaries’ commander, drawing out his sword.

The metallic clang rang out as he rushed towards Brendel—

The latter did not retreat or move, staring at him without unflinching eyes. When the blade reached the youth’s nose, a barrier with hexagon-like plates lit up as lights, with magic runes appearing in between the plates, appearing and disappearing quickly.

Fleetwood’s wrinkled face paled as though he saw a ghost.

“Ancient magic!” He squeezed out the words from his throat as he looked at Brendel, not knowing what to do. The only known race that could use magic like this was the dragon race.

Brendel thanked Rauze in his mind and appreciated Makarov’s pallor without any injuries.

“What are you……” Makarov’s throat moved as he retreated in surprise.

“I—” Brendel wanted to mock him further but was cut short.

“Mister Brendel, that oath you just recited seemed to have resonated with something; this power, is really strange…… I can’t suppress it any longer……” Rauze whispered urgently. “I can’t hold it any longer, I’m releasing the barrier…..”

“Hey, wait!” Brendel wanted to ask her to hold the barrier a little longer, before he suddenly felt a tremor from inside his deepest self. That was definitely not Rauze’s prank or the resonance between the Planeswalkers’ cards; it was as if a spark had gone into his mind that was brilliant and gentle, then became a light that lit up the dark. And within this light a door opened—

He seemed to walk through it, and he saw the human knights standing on both sides smiling and nodding at him, their eyes full of encouraging acknowledgement. He recognized two of them who were wielding familiar weapons. Ebdon and Gerard. Finally there was a grand-looking person standing in the center amongst the knights, who nodded to him as well. (TL: You should know who Ebdon is. Gerard is that poor knight whose tomb got looted by Brendel, lol. Didn’t he steal that sword Thorn of Light?)

This illusion seemed to last for the briefest of seconds before it was gone. Brendel woke up from his stupor, found the source of the tremor, and subconsciously pressed down on his bag which contained the Sage Slate. He felt it shake uncontrollably as though it was alive, before a piercing shockwave above him separated the clouds above the entire Chablis region.

That afternoon, everyone from the nearby region, even the citizens from Bruglas, witnessed a miracle. Unending light poured down and seemed to disperse the white clouds, like a stone being thrown into a lake and cast ripples onto the surface.





When all the clouds and light disappeared from the region, the sky was like a pure blue gem with hints of purple in it, clean and pure. The citizens yelled at each other to look at it, while the traveling priests and adventurers rushed to their respective groups to observe this moment of intrigue. Even the seers from the Guild of Stars and Moon were alarmed.

The wizards living in Drora at the Sea of death recorded this sight. Monks came out from the palace in droves, suspecting the Lionheart had appeared. The Recorder in the Black Tower even lost hold of his precious Crystal Ball while he looked at the image in surprise. The priests in the Holy Cathedral knelt down and prayed.

One of the twelve representatives of the Archmage in Drora, William Pestle, held on to his magic scribe which was on a piece of lambskin paper filled with runes, causing a large black blot on it while he stared with an agape mouth into the sky.

Everyone looked at the peculiar circular sky void of clouds, but only the few there understood what exactly happened.

Divine Artifact Resonance —

The forest became brighter than before. Everyone in that area looked up into the azure sky and saw hints of magical rune words that formed layers of circles that were miles long. The Law of Tiamat, created by Marsha to bind the Elements in a border.

Some of the men in front teared up at this intricate and beautiful sky, knowing how small they were in front of the Divine Magic and admired the beauty with all their heart.

Brendel gripped the Sage Slate tightly and looked up into the sky.

The Law of Tiamat was being invoked, and the layers of circles moved across hundred of miles, turning like cogs in a wheel, lining up to fit into sections like a jigsaw puzzle. Each layer kept moving and aligned above the forest.

The forest was completely silent.





The wind had stopped.

If this was in the game, Brendel would have been on his complete guard. This sight was like a legendary wizard that cast the highest class of spells that reached the fourteenth circles, or facing the Lords of Elements. This spells were legendary magic that was completely outside the scope any mortal understanding, and was the highest order of Laws that invoked destruction. The destructive force was akin to a nuclear bomb.

That tremor in his soul had reached its peak.

The center of this particular sky suddenly vibrated from a small point, then spread out everywhere with a pillar of white light descending from the sky, connecting the sky to the earth, and there was something silver in it.

“T-this……. This is….. King Erik’s Lionheart sword……” Fleetwood was completely stunned.

Suddenly another pillar of light shot out from the direction of the capital and shot into the sky’s circular borders, causing it to diffract and meet that pillar of light.

Fleetwood and the others stared blankly at this sight.

But Brendel wanted to knock his head onto a tree. He merely wanted to act cool by reciting that damned oath, and did not expect to receive the acknowledgement of King Erik. If he knew that this was going to happen he would not have done it.

That was simply because it was a Divine Artifact Resonance.

Suddenly Brendel shook his head.

[Hold on— Isn’t the Lionheart a Fantasy-ranked weapon? When did it suddenly rank up to become a Divine-ranked weapon? The history of Aouine wouldn’t make sense! Everyone would have attacked the kingdom to gain possession of it!]

That phenomenon lasted for five seconds before it waned; the Sage Slate that was held down by Brendel’s hand stopped struggling. At the same time, Brendel felt that a mark was left in his mind, as though he could feel where the location of the weapon was now. The Lionheart and him was now connected to each other.

Of course, this meant that there were good and bad points—

The good point was that he was naturally one step closer to that legendary sword.

The bad point was how Fleetwood and Makarov were now staring at him……

TL: Ramblings.

This is some of the stuff I’m pulling out my head, not sure if there are more.

Royal faction

– Duke Rhun sent all his family members and men guarding into a trap to preserve his son’s life.

– The current king probably worked with Madara and allowed them to invade Aouine, weakening the nobles.

– Makarov uses the Grey Wolves Mercenaries as pawns to get the nobles against the royal faction out in the open, and weakening their forces (the Tree Shepherds).

– Tries to get Brendel to sell the Golden Apple and willing to pay any price.

Nobles faction

– Corruption at Fortress Riedon, witnessed firsthand by Freya (imprisons the militia for bringing news of Madara’s attack).

– Throws away Fortress Riedon and the three villages at the borders without sending aid.

– Buried the truth about the militia’s contribution, made Freya a ‘hero’ to make the citizens happy.

– Also refused to allow the refugees into the cities.

Unifying Guild (edit)

– Tirste is a member of the Tree Shepherds and seeks to do their bidding. He wanted Brendel to create chaos, by inciting a rebel of sorts.

– Tirste forced Brendel in an agreement to create chaos in the city, but even without the latter’s interference, the refugees will revolt (I think).

– That fake noble guy from Fortress Riedon wanted Brendel’s girls.

Tree Shepherds

– Turned Scarlett into an Acolyte



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 129




TL: We’re nearing the end of the arc, finally.

[Read more…]

Chapter 129 – Reinforcements

The mood in the forest was turning awkward.

As a Grandmaster wizard in the royal court, Fleetwood understood many of the events that happened before his very eyes, but he did not know how to react to it.

[Divine Artifact Resonance, Ancient Magic, knowing all our plans…..! Mother Marsha, what’s going on?! If this is really a dragon before us, we won’t be able to stop him from running even if he is at a young age.] (TL: I feel like it’s becoming a running joke as to how many different ways Brendel can be mistaken as.)

But Brendel was just as confused like them.

After that phenomenon, he had no desire to continue talking to them and wanted to leave. The biggest problem to him right now was the amount of people who had witnessed such the powerful magic that happened in the area. Anyone with common sense would believe that something wondrous appeared in this region. The southern region must be in a state of confusion right now, and adventurers from nearby, including the disliked wizards, would be rushing all over to this area very soon.

[Shit, this whole area is going to be in a state of chaos. I need to leave as soon as possible in case any idiots come after me.]





Brendel had considered many times as to how he would affect the history, but he did not expect to do just that after a few months he arrived in this world. He was not prepared for that and also not concerned about the Lionheart, but worried about the plan to take over the land he was targeting in the Randner region. He was even worried that it would change the princess’s next move in the future.

[A butterfly effect that changes the entire future will be the worst outcome—]

Brendel was already having cold sweat on his forehead and the tips of his fingers were cold.

When Brendel was still considering this problem, there was a sudden applause in the forest. He looked over to Fleetwood and Makarov immediately, but found they were initially confused as well, before they broke into a delighted smile.

Brendel immediately turned around and discovered a middle-aged man wearing a thick purple coat with an inner white shirt walking out from the forest. The latter was clapping with a large smile on his face.

“So this is Mister Brendel mentioned by the Cunning Fox? A young genius indeed. Your plan is really something that a normal person couldn’t come up with.”

[Another person with an Unsealed Element power? ……Wait, I recognize this person.]

The corners of Brendel’s eyes twitched. He was Count Barre Deorwine, the right hand of Duke Rhun, and ruled over the fief Matthiola.

Brendel had conversed quite a few times in the game with him. Although he looked like he was someone who backstabbed people easily, he was actually a rare noble who was honest and upright to a fault. While he was considerably skilled, Buga turned out to be the greater warrior and reached over level eighty, approximately forty years later.

He ultimately met his demise against the Tree Shepherds, and was quite a considerable loss for Aouine.





Brendel turned towards him and smiled a little in spite of himself, his tone relaxing a little as he recalled these memories: “Plan?”

“Indeed.” Count Barre said: “According to my knowledge, the dragon race are mostly on their own under all circumstances. At most they would travel along with their mate, right? By pretending to be a dragon, you are free to do whatever you wish, including that stunt of summoning the Lionheart.”

Brendel immediately heard Rauze’s remarks.

“That man seems to understand us quite well.” She said.

[But you don’t know him. Barre Deorwine is very different from Fleetwood, Makarov and Buga. This man is a realist, and wouldn’t seek to initiate a conversation just to intimidate me. There is no doubt that he has taken measures here. This person is also someone who has unsealed his Element power…… The entire situation has become much more complicated than having the Tree Shepherds around.]

Brendel’s mind was starting to give warning signals to his body to consider running away. He glanced around his surroundings.

[You’re still just a loli dragon, facing these many Gold-ranked fighters would not be in your favor— Holy shit!]

When Count Barre appeared, Brendel had subconsciously recalled that he was a true holder of a fiefdom. After looking closely in the forest, he indeed discovered human figures in the vicinity, and the numbers were large enough to rival Conrad’s army.

[Of course you had to bring an army in order to stop the damned Tree Shepherds! But this area isn’t under your territory, bringing your soldiers into this area is practically asking to fight with Count Randner. Is this Duke Rhun’s goal?]

Suddenly he recalled a certain land at the borders of the Randner’s territory.

[No, that’s not it…… These are not Duke Rhun or Count Barre’s men. That particular land at Rander’s borders, doesn’t it belong to the Princess? That’s where the Royal Cavalry Academy is. Eke was most likely used as bait in order to lure out the political opponents, and with the troops from the princess—]

He hardly participated in Aouine’s civil wars because he was busy raising his levels in the game world. Even though he roughly understood how the battles’ conclusions were, he did not know the details of them. If his suspicions were correct, then the princess must have recruited soldiers from the very beginning, even before the Madara’s invasion.

[Then it’s no wonder why she was able to suppress the nobles with such little political clout for so long. I had never understood how she did it. So this is Makarov’s contributions?]

He glanced at Makarov. This plan looked like something that the latter would conceive, but he did not understand the royal faction entirely. It somehow looked like there were separate tangents operating at the same time. The king colluded with Madara, while the princess gathered her own forces?

He shook his head slightly. Guessing what was going on with the royal faction was making his head spin.

“Which means,” Count Barre continued: “You’re not a dragon at all, right?”

“Miss Rauze, why didn’t you warn me about the men around us—” He turned his head away from their gazes and whispered to Rauze.

“The magic reaction was so strong that this little me was paying full attention to it. Plus, they are just some little insects buzzing around. What’s there to pay attention to? Well, that person who just came in is a little bit stronger.” She replied.





[Insects? That’s a whole army out there. In order to fight Conrad there must be more than a thousand men. Barre used to say his favorite pastimes were playing poker and commanding a large force to fight a smaller force. Even though it’s sort of a joke, but it goes to show how nasty his personality is. Also, what is he thinking? That Ancient Magic that Rauze cast is the real thing!]

Brendel did not believe her in the slightest. He had killed many dragons in the game and knew them well enough. Judging from her age, there was no possible way that she would be able to match them physically. With this thought in mind, he became even more careful in coming up with his response.

“But his Dragon Magic……” Makarov looked confused and asked, but Fleetwood interrupted him: “If I am not wrong, that magic came from a scroll. Since Mister Brendel is capable of acquiring the Golden Apple and invoking the Lionheart, then having a Dragon Scroll would not be a difficult task.”

Brendel looked incredulously at Fleetwood.

[Aren’t you a grandmaster wizard, how can you fail to differentiate between…… T-that…..]

If Fleetwood was not mistaken, then it meant the possibility was indeed there. He lowered his head deeply with his canines shown, and whispered urgently: “Miss Rauze, did you use a Dragon Scroll?”

“Yeah.”

“Why?”

“Well you see, that’s like the only way where they would lay their hands on you right?” Rauze’s voice was in a gleeful pitch: “I haven’t beaten people up in a long~~~ time.”

[Dear dragon boss, you’re right in guessing that they would fight us because of that….. But we might not win against them!]

Brendel was certain this problematic girl could not be relied on, so he took a deep breath and lifted his head: “Mister Barre, perhaps you’re right. I’m not a dragon. But are you going to try and find out how many scrolls I have?”

Barre shook his head just like Brendel expected him to: “That’s fine. No matter how many scrolls you have, are you confident that you can fight against an entire army? Mister Brendel, that would be folly, so please hand over the Golden Apple.”

Brendel wanted to punch that incredibly fake smile off that irritating bastard’s face, but he had to force himself to think of a proper response.

“Is that so? How about if you include us?” A clear voice rang out from the east direction.

The bushes were parted and revealed a group of approximately twenty Elven warriors covered in blood. Nalaethar took down his helmet and stared at Count Barre with an indifferent expression at him.





[[[Silver Elves……?!]]] Count Barre and the other men’s eyes popped upon when they saw them. No one had seen them for centuries. He nearly choked when he saw them appear, and squeezed out his words after a long time with much difficulty.

“Our allies of the past, the Silver Elves, you were the only race who had never participated in any civil wars. Are you going to go to war with the humans over one person?” Barre clenched his fists; the Golden Apple was too important to let it slip by.

Nalaethar nodded as he looked at Brendel: “I owe him a promise.”

“Very well.” Barre sighed in exasperation as he tried again: “But do you really think that you can match our whole army with twenty men? We acknowledge your skill, but we vastly outnumber—”

His words quickly faltered. It was not only him, but the people beside him quickly held their breaths, including Brendel.

Everyone saw a large patch of blinding silver armor appear, as Elven Knights riding on unicorns came forward to join Nalaethar and his men……

The Eversong Army.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 130




TL: You know, you guys shouldn’t be so excited over the appearance of the silver elves. Might not be what you expected, I did give you guys warning when I said the arc is nearly over.

[Read more…]

TL: Also, sorry for the delay. I was looking at some stuff in regards to PS4 to PS4 Pro. I was wondering what I should get, because I didn’t really want to get a PS4 pro when I don’t see myself playing on it often.

There aren’t enough exclusives for me to get even the PS4. I’m even thinking of waiting to see if PS5 gets announced later on and buying that instead later on to play Persona 5.

Chapter 130 – Thou art my friend (1)

=========== Princess Gryphine POV ==========

“My lady, there are too many enemies, please move in a little deeper into the carriage.”

Knight Benninger pleaded sincerely outside the carriage, his voice a little urgent. Crossbow bolts from all directions struck onto the inner steel plates of the horse carriage, shaking and causing audible echoes within it. Princess Gryphine did not expect an assassination attempt within her own private lands.

“There’s no need, I’ll wait here for my knights to arrive. But the girl pursed her lips tightly and looked forward with her faint silver eyes.

“My lady—”

“Benninger.”

“Yes.”





“Say no more.” She answered simply. “…… Thank you, Benninger.”

The sounds striking the carriage suddenly stopped, and the youth turned around with one hand on his sword, and had only courage in his heart as his aid.

Gryphine had worn her usual white gown like before and sat with both hands over each other own her knees. Even at her moment of danger, her sitting posture was as refined as any lady. She exuded the ancient royal family’s grace, and even the most austere of nobles would find that she was the brightest gem on the royal crown.

At the opposite of the princess’s eyes, was the only successor to Aouine’s throne. The boy, Haruze was looking at her with a pair of frightened eyes.

“Sister…..” His voice was filled with dread.

She looked coldly at her brother.

“Haruze, pick up your sword and point it to the ground.”

The boy had always listened to her strict sister, and he did not disobey her this time. He overcame his jittery feelings and carefully pointed the sword onto the ground. The sheath of the sword was written with refined letters:

‘ Hark and know that my name is courage ‘

This was the motto of the Corvado’s royal family, and was renowned to be the half-Elven princess’s motto. However, it was a blinding irony on the boy. He stood up as held onto the sword and looked at his sister in utter confusion, with tears swimming in his eyes against the danger they were in.

Gryphine sighed when she saw his brother acting in this manner. She softened her features and spoke gently to him: “Don’t worry, your sister will definitely protect you.”

The boy wiped his tears with his sleeves and nodded with vigor at her words.

The forest had gone silent for quite some time. The interior of the carriage also fell into silence because of that. They tried to to pick up any signs of where the enemies were, but heard nothing other than their hearts beating rapidly.

============== Freya POV ============

Barsta, the Royal Cavalry Academy. Everyone in the courtyards, classrooms, corridors, any place with a window, looked up to the sky as the phenomenon happened.

Freya gazed at the blue sky with a central pillar of light connecting the sky and earth together. The clouds had been dispersed around the area, and the purity of the myriad glows in the sky made her gasp in awe of the beauty.

[What is that?]

The girl was wearing a set of armor meant for training, and she was combing her ponytail absentmindedly with her fingers before she subconsciously put it down. The lights on her face shimmered as smaller pillars of light in a circle suddenly lit up in the sky and connected to the center.

[Is Mother Marsha showing us a sign?]

The crowd in the training courtyard started to increase in numbers. They were screaming and shouting, telling everyone to look up at the sky, as though the end of the world was coming. They held their breaths as they watched it.

Whispers turned into murmurs, and the instructors joined in with their apprentice knights to discuss over what had happened. They shook their heads in disbelief almost as if to shake off what they saw.

“That’s an Artifact Resonance, right?” A man near Freya suddenly spoke.

“What did you say it was?” She turned around and asked.

The man watched Freya looked at him with a pair of light brown eyes. Sangany, the second son of a count, felt his heart skip a beat. It was an opportunity for him. The majority of the academy were males, and the few females that joined this batch were naturally targets of the nobles’ scions. Freya’s appearance was outstanding compared to the other girls, and it was even better for them because she did not have a notable background and was seen to be a delicious prey.

This game was circulated only amongst the seniors, and because she had just joined in recently she did not know the existence of this game. The only thing she did feel was the odd number of males around her, which made her slightly uneasy and anxious from her instincts. However, the boy with blonde hair in front of her had an answer to her question, so she took another look at him.

“It’s a type of Mana resonance, but for it to be so powerful…… I have never seen or heard something like that before.” He immediately showed off his best side and answered with a patient smile.

“Mana Resonance?” Freya’s mind was slightly jolted, as she recalled a certain heroic image of someone’s back at the Valley of the Golden Demonic Tree. She immediately turned away in order to prevent her burning face to be seen by anyone else. She took another look at the sky as the lights disappeared. She took another deep breath and calmed herself down: “Where is that area?”





“Judging from that area, it should be Randner.”

Freya thought of Brendel and Romaine, and she felt her heart beat faster: “Is that the doing from the two of you? I really miss you…..”

Her uneasy and shy expressions made the youth behind her think that she was impressed. He thought of her as a country bumpkin from her looks, but he maintained his smile and took a closer step to her, wanting to say more, but the tolls from a bell rang throughout the courtyard and interrupted him. Everyone’s eyes reluctantly tore away from the sky and put their gaze into a certain direction.

The giant steel bell was placed in the tallest building and used only in festivals or emergency situations. Everyone wondered if that phenomenon had anything to do with it.

A squadron of knights urgently ran into the training courtyard, with the crowd separating to allow them through. The leader of the knights was a young woman wearing a purple swallow-tailed army uniform riding on a horse. She rode to the front, turned around and raised her chin up while looking at everyone.

“This order is meant for everyone in their respective years. I want all of you to gather in three minutes, fully equipped and ready for battle—”

The woman’s voice was a little low and gruff, but her strict bearings made everyone alert.

[We’re to wear our armors and swords?]

[Are we going out for a battle? A mock battle?]

[But this doesn’t seem like we’re close for any tests—]

“These are knight members in the Reserves…..” Sangany muttered.

“What do you mean?” Freya looked at the leader whose straight black hair was tied behind her and weighted down behind her back like a straight spear, all the way down to her waist.

“The woman at the front is a senior apprentice knight of this academy but she’s special because she’s a Reserve. Their ranks are equivalent to the Black Knights, or the Royal Cavalry’s reserves. She’s a squire and a military officer at the same time. Her name is Maynild, daughter of Madame Ida. Perhaps this would be clearer, Madame Ida is Duke Rhun’s sister, she married to a knight who died in the Ten Years War, and lived alone in her home ever since. This woman is her only daughter.” Sangany explained with a stern look: “She’s a genius in this academy, but anyone who is capable of entering the Reserves is naturally more capable than us trash.”

Freya committed the name Maynild to her memory, and looked gratefully back at the youth with a smile: “There’s no need to put yourself down. I think you’re capable because you know so much.”

Sangany looked back at her in surprise, and was slightly moved and grateful at her sincere gaze. But that lasted only for a moment.

[Once you try the sword on me, you will find how impressive I really am—] The youth laughed coldly in his heart as filthy thoughts washed over his mind.

============= Brendel’s POV ============

The Silver Elves stood quietly in opposition of Barre’s commanded men. No wind blew in the forest, and both the black and silver swallow-tailed flags stood limply where they were. The sun’s rays struck down harshly onto the forest, and showed off the Silver Elves’ lily emblems, while Barre’s men held onto the flags depicting direwolves as their symbol.





There was the occasional horse pants and suppressed sneezes, but other than it was an awkward silence.

Count Barre and the men beside him had dark expressions, in contrast of the taciturn Nalaethar as well as the commanding officer of the other Elven Knights who wore a full helmet and prevented any signs of his expressions from being seen.

Only Brendel sat peacefully and lazily on a tree trunk in between them. He knew Rauze was beside him, so he did not need to fear of any sudden attacks, and also believed that he would be fine even if a battle was to break out.

Count Barre and the others still did not know why the Silver Elves were willing to break their vow, and were unable to find a solution to this stalemate. On the other hand Brendel was reflecting on his mistakes and assumptions, and thought about the fact that the Silver Elves had appeared on the continent so quickly after the first Madara war.

[Is there going to be any major change in the future because of this incident?] He rubbed his forehead.

It did not seem that the situation was going to change any time soon, so Brendel jumped down and went over the Acolyte of Earth’s body in boredom. The remainder of the mana had already condensed into a highly pure Mana Crystal. It was a Level 65 Boss’s drop, and even had the properties of the Blood of Gods. It was one of the best crafting and alchemy materials, only one rank below the items from a dragon’s loot drop.

He suddenly looked over the the direction of Rauze, although it was just empty air he was looking at.





“Your expression is a little strange mister Brendel.”

“Is that right?”

“But Rauze already has a mate. I’m also not really interested in humans. But— If it’s mister Brendel, I don’t mind trying it once.”

Brendel coughed uncontrollably, choking his spit wrongly into his lungs when he heard the reply.

The two leaders looked over at him for a while, before Count Barre broke the silence:

“Let’s negotiate.”

Nalaethar nodded.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 131




TL: Yup, sorry for the late schedule.

[Read more…]

TL: Ramblings, skip to chapter to read content.

Next planned TAS update: Next weekend. The next arc won’t start for quite a while, so I’ll be clearing on my stuff.

Amber Sword

It’s kind of done and not finished at the same time. Technically it’s supposed to be more of a horizontal splash title screen for TAS, so when I crop it later on, it’s just slightly above the neck and title. That kind of saves me from drawing the ring and background. I think it’s kind of interesting to think about placing the light directions for this illustration though.

At some point I was thinking, well the shirt’s design isn’t that great, and the posture isn’t that interesting. Technically I did plan to add some form of emblem on the side of the shirt, but I still think it’s still going to be somewhat boring because Brendel isn’t doing anything in particular.

Things that he could be doing are holding a sword or a card etc. Hmm. Well, I’ll keep in mind to do dynamic stuff in the future so that I can save time on doing a splash screen and a proper illustration.

I’ll be practicing some anatomy stuff in the next few days and then draw some fanart for Nier:Automata or Persona 5.

During this month, I’ll also look into getting a website and check out some plugins so that the readers can have more features. You guys will finally get the features you want to see (well, at least the previous/next button and standard linkage, no promises on reading mode though).

Chapter 131 – Thou Art my Friend (2)

The ones who really participated in the negotiations were Count Barre, Fleetwood and the newly arrived Elven commander of the Unicorn Knights.

Buga and Makarov went over to the bushes with Brendel’s directions, brought out a bloody Eke out from there with reluctant thanks, and lowered their glowering attitudes against him. The Silver Elves had clearly displayed their intentions to protect Brendel because he protected the graves of their old kings.

Brendel sat beside the Acolyte of Earth and watched the discussion. Even though he did not participate in the negotiation, he knew that Count Barre’s core topic would now be about the Silver Elves instead of him. The Silver Elves had disappeared and gave up on this particular forest a long time ago. This land was now regarded to be part of the kingdom, and even the closest allies of the past may not easily enter this land anymore.

Aouine had the upper hand on the territory.





Brendel could see the Silver Elf commander was adamant in his attitude, almost refusing Count Barre and Fleetwood’s every suggestion. He wondered what sort of agreement would the two increasingly annoyed men enter into.

“Are you able to guess why the Silver Elves have returned?” He suddenly asked.

“How should I know what these strange Elves are thinking about. They don’t socialize with others.” Rauze’s voice was nonchalant at the start, before she suddenly grumbled. “And stop disturbing from doing my important stuff!”

“What are you doing?”

“I’m writing a script about the knight Ser Brendel. It’s really hard for me to get good inspirations. Oh, I forgot to mention, I’m a bard—” Rauze’s voice turned to one of pride.

[A bard…]

Brendel frowned from that revelation. It seemed like many of the dragons’ professions were bards. He recalled a famous quest in the game: A dragon made a huge underground dungeon and captured a few strong monsters and put them inside, becoming the BOSS with his monster underlings. When the unsuspecting adventurers or gamers challenged him, he would record the results and turned them into stories. If they won, then the dragon awarded them part of his treasures. Some gamers investigated the whole affair and proved that the dragon actually made ten times more money than what the given treasure was worth.

The quest was meant for level 45 players and was disguised as a normal chain event, but gained notoriety when this secret was revealed. Many players were quite impressed with it and was a hot topic for quite a while.

Although it was clear that some of the dragons had bad hobbies, they were still much better than the ones who actually just directly robbed others.

“Ahh, stop bothering and annoying me.” Her attitude quickly changed. “Never mind, I’m going some place else to write it—”

[Tsk.] He clicked his tongue sarcastically when he heard nothing more from her.

He suddenly heard a cracking sound behind him, and whipped his head around, thinking that it was Rauze but it was Nalaethar instead. The latter had taken off his helmet and looked solemnly at Brendel, then at the creature beside him; his eyes had a puzzled streak in them.

Brendel looked blankly at him, then gave a smile and said: “Hey, Nalaethar—”





The handsome Elf looked back at him, slightly startled at Brendel’s strange tone.

“Could you wear your helmet?”

“Why?” His monotone reply came.

“You’re so good looking that I feel great pressure looking at you.” The youth sighed.

Nalaethar smiled for the first time. He thought about the request seriously before wearing back the helmet, leaving only a pair of eyes that looked at the youth. He paused for a while before he spoke again.

“I’m leaving, Brendel.”

Brendel looked back with puzzled eyes. It was obvious that the Elf was going to leave when the mission was over. He wanted to say thankful words but suddenly realized that there was an empty feeling in his heart. Even though they did not exchange any wasted words along the way, he had trusted in this ally completely and he was now leaving.

He wondered where Nalaethar was going to go after this.

[Is he going back to the altar or take his final slumber? The Altar’s magic is growing weaker by the day and although I said I’ll bring back information of the outside world, is it really possible to do so? Maybe this is really like a quest, Nalaethar and I will only meet this one time and once I leave, the Altar will be nothing more than an abandoned building.]

The more he thought about it, the more he felt that possibility was very high. His heart fell when he realized that fact. After a long time, he could only find the greedy words inside of him.

“Are you going already? But you haven’t fulfilled your promise to teach me that skill. Are you trying to break it?”

“Breaking promises. That’s something you humans are fond of. Of course I will fulfill it.” He took out a scroll and handed it to Brendel as he spoke. “I have written the usage of the skill on it, my friend.”

That two words struck Brendel like a bolt of lightning and he looked stupidly back at him. Nalaethar squeezed the scroll into his hand and hugged him once, before releasing him with a smile: “I thank you for bringing us a battle. We had hoped to have one for a long time. The blood in me has once again been set aflame. You are exceptional. Your skills in battle impressed me and the others, but there comes a time where we have to go our separate ways. Now, you owe me a promise—”

Nalaethar closed his eyes:

“Remember to tell me the events of the future. Be it ten years, or a hundred years from now. I will wait for you to fulfill it, my friend.”

“I will. Yes.” Brendel wiped his eyes with his hand. “The wind is a little big.”

Nalaethar nodded with understanding.





“There is one other thing. We rushed over to your side because of the Acolyte of Earth. We do not know what has become of your mercenaries, you should ask the Nightsong Tiger for more details.”

His body was gradually disappearing, his helmet dissolving away to show his smile one last time. All the heroic Elven spirits then turned into white light and shot out into the sky, disappearing into a certain direction in the southern forest.

The other humans looked puzzledly at that display, while Brendel caught the Elven commander of the Eversong army nodding to him with respect from afar.

The youth felt slightly better at Nalaethar’s parting words, before he set off to the Nightsong Tiger’s location.

Count Barre went through the situation before him with suppressed anger. He could not allow his forces to fight against the Silver Elves: the Eversong army was renowned in the continent for their skill, and persisted in the lore for more than seven centuries. The only wise decision he could make was to retreat.

In the end, they negotiated a neutral standpoint, they each retreated three hundred meters away and set up camp, and the atmosphere in the forest finally lost some of its bloodlust.

The Elven knights nodded at Brendel with respect, and their commander walked over and gave him a silver fern leaf. It looked something like a bookmark, but Brendel knew that it was a sign of the Silver Elves’ greatest gratitude.

[Nice. If there’s some political bullshit in Aouine, I can apply for political asylum.] He joked to himself.





The silver leaf allowed him to redeem a boon from the Silver Elves, and anyone who brought it before them could seek help no matter how much time had passed He did knew that someone in the game world managed to borrow over a hundred heavy infantry from the Silver Elves and the loan period was a hundred years, although he did not know what favors could be sought exactly,

The Silver Elves’ heavy infantry was just one or two ranks below the Eversong army, but they were definitely regarded as the top tier army to have. Brendel wanted to try and ask for that favor right away, but stopped after a moment of deliberation. This was an alternate parallel world which was different from a game. It would be much better to establish a proper relationship with the Silver Elves so that he could gain more in the future.

If he acted greedy, these prideful and distant race might look down on him and affect things in many subtle ways. It would be a loss.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 132




TL: TAS’s next chapter ETA is next weekend. Things are going kind of smoothly for me in terms of art practice, and I’ll be putting more hours into it for the time being. When we get into Brendel’s next battle arc, I’ll up the translation rate.

Also this is the final chapter for this arc. Next chapter will be the start of Lord Brendel’s territory-acquiring arc.

[Read more…]

Chapter 132 – The end of Summer

Count Barre stood in Brendel’s path.

[The hell?] Brendel gave him a wide berth as he walked past the smiling man.

“Ser Brendel?” Count Barre called out to him in a solemn voice when he realized Brendel was avoiding him.





“What is it?” Brendel snapped with a displeased tone. He was in a rush to find the Nightsong Tiger to get the details from him about Amandina.

“Even though our viewpoints differ our goals seem to align. At the very least, I am certain that you are not on the side of our enemies, are you not?” Count Barre spoke in a rush, not giving Brendel the chance to cut him off. “Naturally, we have our own thoughts on restoring the kingdom, but surely there is no need for us to draw our swords at each other’s throats. I agree that Makarov’s actions are a little overbearing, but he’s a only a human who’s acting with limited resources.”

“What are you trying to say?”

“Would you be willing to join us? If you hate our actions, then why not take control of the situation? I hope to have an outstanding youth like yourself on our side.” Barre invited Brendel with sincere words, as though he had forgotten the unpleasant exchange between them.

[That’s something the Count Barre I know would do.]

Brendel had actually given them enough leeway on this issue and avoided having an all-out battle with them, precisely because they were on the same side. If these people were against the crown, then he would have redeemed the Silver Elves’ promise and killed them immediately.

Because of Makarov’s plans, he and his men were put into danger. Romaine and Amandina were still nowhere to be seen. If he lost his temper and waged a battle to get Makarov’s head as an act of revenge, then duke Arreck might take the opportunity to capture the princess’s land in the nearby area. Freya might even be in danger because of that.

[It looks like he’s smart enough not to talk about the Golden Apple anymore, so I’ll put it aside. But joining your group is an absolute joke.]





“No,” Brendel looked at the count and shook his head. His reply was cold and hard, surprising the count with his tone: “You will see me very soon, but believe me, it would not be here, and not the way any of you would like to see—”

“… Then I shall await to see your future.” Count Barre’s eyes were fretful as he stared at Brendel.

============ Freya POV =============

In truth, the battle that she was supposed to be in was undertaken by the senior squires in the academy, led by the reserve officers in the graduating class. When Freya and newer members like herself reached the battlefield in the forest, their task was taking care of the battle’s aftermath.

She immediately noticed a carriage filled with bolts and arrows like a porcupine in the center of the road. There were cavalry equipped with silver armor riding near the carriage, with many of their comrades’ dead bodies on the ground. They refused anyone from approaching the carriage, and insisted of taking care of their injuries as they cleaned up after their own.

There were two clear colors. Purple and silver. The bodies with these two colors were strewn everywhere. Heavy groans from the injured, mingled with low frightened murmurs from the newly arrived nobles’ sons and daughters, could be heard everywhere. They were seeing this bloodied sight for the first time.

The reserved officers wanted to take prisoners, and gave the order for the older squires to intentionally maim the attackers, and had left many of them alive. However, once they took enough prisoners to be satisfied with, the remainder was ordered to be killed, and this task was also left to the new members of the academy.

Many of them found their weapons shaking, unable to swing it, and there were even a few who vomited as they saw the bloodied mess from the ones who were brave enough to attempt it.

Freya had fought enough in real battles not to be shaken by the sight and faithfully did her job. She had only paused in the beginning to guess the identity of the people within the carriage. Sangany followed behind with a sick face. He had expelled everything he had for his meals, and he could only heave weakly after that.

He held himself against up a tree, while being impressed by Freya’s clean strikes to the enemies. She was certainly an admirable maiden.

“…… Do you know who that is?” He asked after catching his breath.

“What?” Freya looked back at him with incomprehension.

“The carriage.”

She took another look at the carriage, then shook her head, her clear eyes showing that she did not understand.

“The insignia on the carriage is a Holy Beetle. There is only one person within the kingdom who has this.”

“And?”

[You don’t even know this? How did you even manage to come to the academy— Wait, is she bluffing?]

The youth looked at Freya in incredulity, but he did not find any signs of deceit in her, so he shook his head and answered: “Grandmaster Fleetwood, the court’s First Wizard of Aouine.”

“What!” Freya was shocked.

But Sangany shook his head: “If that is truly Grandmaster Fleetwood, there is no need for us to go into battle. The person within the carriage is very likely to be someone else. And yet, Grandmaster Fleetwood has very few friends or people related to him. The people who could borrow his carriage, is either the king, or his student.”





“Her royal highness?” Freya’s eyes were wide. She still know this common knowledge even though she came from the borders.

The youth nodded.

Suddenly a black warhorse passed by them quickly. The rider swiftly rode through the forest, before the warhorse suddenly stopped, turned around in a trot and moved back the two of them.

Freya and Sangany looked up, and found a beautiful but cold face.

Her appearance was something like an artistic artifact, it was rare to find such perfectly shaped features. Her sharp chin was a strong arc that led into high cheekbones and deeply set eyes of a pure purple.

Her central parting of her fringe led down to her fine eyebrows, which was raised slightly before lowering in displeasure. Her straight nose bridge seemed to reflect her extremely strong character.

The two of them instantly thought of the bards’ descriptions of the beautiful ladies of the north.

There was a slight scoff as Maynild looked down at them from the warhorse, first at Freya, then at Sangany.

“Your name is Freya?” She asked a question while she stared at the young man, making the latter feel like he was being targeted by a predator.

“Y-yes.” Freya answered.

“The results for your riding and sword skills are excellent.” She said in a low magnetic voice: “I have heard of your tale as well, but if you want to accomplish something, you had better leave scum — like this man here — behind.”

There was great disdain in her eyes as she spat out the last few words.

The two of them looked blankly at her.





Sangany’s eyebrows frowned and he tried to refute subconsciously: “Miss Maynild, even though you are Madame’s—”

But his words were cut off by a metallic screech, and felt his neck slightly colder. When the youth understood what happened, Maynild had actually jumped down from her horse and pulled out her sword, drawing it against his neck. Her actions were done in a single second, and he was left frozen with a gesture that he did halfway before it was finished.

“Have I given you permission to speak?” Maynild spoke in a chilly voice.

Sangany’s back was cold from sweat, but he did not reply because of his confusion.

“S-Sangany……”

“Your rank?”

“M-Miss Maynild, I—”

The sword in her hand pressed ever so slightly against his neck: “Ser.”

“S-Ser Maynild.” Sangany swallowed and answered with a stutter. “I’m a second year squire, I have no rank yet—”

He did not waste any more words, and used all his strength in his body to squeeze out the answer.

Maynild’s sword was sheathed back so quickly that the two of them could not see it done properly. She glared coldly at the youth who was cursing in his heart, then gave an order: “Then, soldier, I’m ordering you to shut your mouth—”

She finally looked at Freya properly, then adjusted the latter’s collar which was a little crooked from cleaning up the battlefield. She patted her arms and said softly: “Remember my advice, it won’t harm you—”

Freya was also in a state of confusion with quick thoughts swirling through her head

[Should I thank her? She was really amazing with her sword. Can I be someone like her? Perhaps someday…..]

============ Princess Gryphine POV ============

“Who is she?” The half-Elven princess asked the young man beside him. The scene where Maynild and Sangany exchanged words happened to fall into her eyes. She looked at Freya, finding that there was a sliver of familiarity.

“Madame Ida’s daughter. Duke Rhun is her uncle. She’s quite talented and an ardent supporter of the royal crown. We should be able to trust her.” Ser Benninger looked over to her direction and said.

Gryphine laughed at the silly response: “Are you exhausted, Benninger? We both know who she is. You even know she’s my close friend.”

“I apologize, my lady.” Benninger answered in embarrassment.

“I’m talking about the other girl, do you recognize her? She looks familiar.”

“That’s Everton’s daughter—” A warm voice came from outside the carriage.

Gryphine was slightly surprised, but her light silver eyes immediately shone with delight.

“Oberbeck?” She spoke softly.

A laugh came from the outside. “Yes, your highness. It seems that I am late.”

TL: One thing I want to keep in mind. Anyone close enough to the princess and is a male knight, I’ll use ‘My lady’ instead of your highness.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 133




TL: I am sort of sick with coughing and a slight fever. Drawing stuff takes even more mental energy than TLing does, so here’s a chapter in advance. I haven’t edited this for errors/reading accessibility because I’m too tired. Plenty of names dropped in this chapter. You’re warned.

Edit: Man the cough is so bad that sleeping for 2 days didn’t help. Pissed off at people for not airing the room when they know they are sick.

[Read more…]

Chapter 133 – Romaine’s second plan (1)

In the bountiful pastures of the northern highlands, the citizens who lived there circulated a famous legend, which depicted the soldiers left behind in the battlefield to be people who were watched by the God of Death.

Kren Norsdt had heard of this legend too. He was hired by the northern kingdom’s Baltha region, and was born in a gentry family. He was considerably talented as a beast tamer, and enrolled in the Dragoon Knight’s 34th wing and became a Dragoon. That particular platoon was part of the southern region’s army, but it was defeated by Madara and their commander slain in battle. (TL: Not sure how to use gentry in a sentence. Nobles Gentry Commoner, in terms of social ranking.)





However, the squadron did not wait for a truce, and assaulted Madara harder each time the days went by. The nobles that were further away from the battles, used the ongoing negotiations at that time as an excuse not to provide any support for them.

The messengers that were sent out to the White-Mane Army and the other armies from Arreck did not return, and the situation grew more desperate, and the situation turned out like how the next highest ranking officer in the 34th wing predicted:

“The southern region’s situation is becoming worse every day. We do not know where our brothers are after being separated, and the Madara army continues to attack from all directions. We are unable to contact anyone and it seems like all news have been sealed off. It is impossible to retreat. The nobles are acting on their own, and this land has completely fallen away from the kingdom’s control by now. Marsha above, I pray that I will see this nightmare end while I still live—”

But it was all pointless to Kren right now.

He rode on his injured flying dragon and patrolled one of the villages destroyed by the undead. He tried taking to the sky when he was discovered, but the thick arrows managed to pierce the dragon’s eye and brought it down shrieking in pain. When it finally crashed back down onto the ground, he found that it had succumbed to its injuries and was pinning him down. He looked at the surroundings with despondent eyes and gritted teeth.

He became someone who received the gaze of the God of Death.

He tried getting his body out from but he immediately yelled out in pain. That crash had broken numerous bones in his body and realized there was no possible way for him to drag himself out. In the end, he sighed and reached for his light crossbow, loaded it with a bolt and shot at one of the skeletons.

The bolt had been blessed with Holy Water and shone brightly as it was fired towards the skeleton, making it hurl backwards, while setting it aflame before it turned into dust.

More of these white lights were fired into the air, but even more undead drowned out Kren’s sight. The youth reminisced upon the time when he first heard of how Madara split up their armies into three different routes. Almost everyone in the army, regardless of whether they were nobles or commoners, held a light-hearted attitude towards their enemies. They believed that these barbaric Dark Lords were going to fight amongst themselves and fall apart because of their uncoordinated commanding, just like how they failed in history every single time.





The result was utterly beyond their expectations. The Madara’s advancing army was swift and decisive, calmly taking every bit of advantage whenever a mistake was made. On the contrary, Aouine’s army was like a slow and elderly man. They unable to defend at vital points because they were late to respond, and even when they went into battle, they were haggard soldiers fighting the tireless undead.

Aouine’s days of glory were long gone, and the praise from the 17th pope of the Holy Cathedral of Flames three hundred years ago describing Aouine as ‘The Fiery Blade that represents the shining glory of the Old Eras’, was nothing more than history.

When Kren finally exhausted his supply of Holy Bolts, he gripped the pendant containing his wife’s portrait and looked up. A giant skeleton had already blocked off the sunlight from reaching him—

The Soul Flames of its eyes jumped about.

“Farewell, my father, mother, and my lovely Vanessa. I wish you remember your son and husband, and the many others who fought to protect Aouine…… This kingdom can no longer see hope……”

============== Brendel POV =============

At the end of the tenth month, the scent of autumn was becoming denser. Trentheim’s grasslands were dyed with a layer of pale yellow and had a picturesque scenery. But when Brendel and the others rode through the rural village’s path, they could feel the war’s aftermath.

After Rauze had ripped his leather armor apart, he decided not to replace it with another, and ordered a black comfortable robe and clothing set from a tailor during their journey. He was now sitting on the horse with a contrasting pair of white gloves, and a silver-plated sword at his waist, looking like a young noble.

But this was not because he wanted to enjoy being one. It was simply because it was easier for him to avoid any additional troubles. After leaving Chablis, the month-long journey was quite peaceful, but it was clear that public order was poor due to the war. Most of the bandits were formed by peasants whose livelihood were destroyed.

Brendel had resummoned his mercenaries and formed up into a group of twenty one men strong, and they were all well-equipped. These peasant-bandits hardly had the courage to rob them.

Brendel glanced at the empty villages along the way with unhappy eyes. He had been warned by Rauze that an army of Madara undead was marching towards Trentheim’s southern area. This knowledge was no different from what he knew in the previous world. The ‘Black Lord’ Incirsta would stay in Randner’s region for half a year after the truce, simply because he was greedy to gain more from Aouine. This kingdom at its current state was unable to fend him off anyways.

In accordance to Brendel’s knowledge of the month’s end, the upper echelons of Aouine were starting to act behind the shadows.

Oberg’s first son, Hammil, would receive support from Queen Anna’s faction.

Anna, sister of Duke Seifer, was a representative of the Seifer dynasty. The members who supported the Corvado royal family were against her from the start, but it was to no avail. She even committed adultery with Marquis Kluge, and they worked together to imprison the king and left behind a disastrous and splintered the court.

(TL: Kluge is the guy who advised the king back then, and he was most likely the culprit who told the king to invite Madara’s invasion. Benninger, dude from the previous chapter, is the son of Duke Seifer, but he’s on the princess side because he likes her.)





In the beginning of the eleventh month, Hammil announced himself as king and attemped to seize the throne. This formally raised the curtains on the internal strife within the royal faction. Princess Gryphine with her strong personality naturally would not accept this silently, and denounced Hammil from within her territory to the nobles and knights of the whole kingdom, accusing him to be an usurper of the throne. The people who supported her were fierce opposers of the queen and backers of the Elven races.

In the middle of the elventh month, duke Arreck formally announced his support for the First-prince Hammil, and the various regions either took their independence or placed their support to either side. The civil war of Aouine started from that moment. From that period onwards, the civil war lasted for two years and completely shook the foundation of the kingdom. It had a brief moment where it resurged, but it had spilled too much blood for it to regain its former past.

Aouine’s demise was hastened because of this incident.

No one was able to notice what Incirsta did precisely because of the civil war. However, not noticing the Madara’s presence did not mean that the influence was not there. Many cities and villages were completely empty and void of life, and there was a bleak feeling when Brendel and the others passed through the place.

As they reached further into Trentheim’s region, that sight gradually changed. They finally discovered some presense of human life near the core city of Trentheim, Firburh. The lord of Trentheim’s region was the third son of Duke Randner, Baron Graudin.

Brendel was not very familiar with him, but the majority of the nobles were arrogant and selfish. A lord was even worse, because they were merciless and cruel, heaping misery upon the citizens in their territory.

When Brendel and the others entered Firbugh, they quickly realized this fact, and their small expectations were lowered once again:

In front of them were the impoverished citizens of the city, their clothes tattered and torn, while their gaunt, pallid faces with sunken eyes showed how they had no hope for their future. The refugees were even more wretched as though the air of death was about them, reduced to nothing more than bones and their cracked lips, indicating how hungry and thirsty they were.

The path to the city was dirty and foul smelling, as though excrement from livestock was everywhere in the dry air. The nobles from Bruglas seemed kind compared to this place, simply because the citizens of that place were still able to survive despite their commoner status.

This destitute land seemed to give birth to people filled with avarice. The poorer the land, the greedier they seemed to be. Brendel understood it was not because the nobles in Grinoires were kinder, it was simply because the lands of Trentheim were not bountiful, and their lives were in near shambles.

Amandina widened her eyes in shock and covered her lips in disbelief.

“My lord, the land you are inheriting…… is this place?” Her tone was filled with disappointment.

She thought she was leaving the highlands for a richer place in Trentheim. The area was supposed to face the sea in the east, and it should be a place of wealth because it was easier to trade. It might not compare to Ampere Seale, but at least it should be on the same standard as Bruglas.





She did not expect this land to be in such a terrible state.

Brendel glanced back at her.

After discovering that he intended for the veteran mercenaries to protect her and the Grey Wolves Mercenaries, she had adopted a business-like attitude ever since they left Chablis. She would ignore him every time and only spoke when she was spoken to. Even after he explained that they were similar to heroic spirits like Medissa and brought them back, she did not relent on her attitude.

Brendel scratched his head at this situation and grumbled to himself about how a retainer should act in his mind, but he did not use his position to remind her on their status.

“Are you finally willing to talk to me?” He asked.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 134




TL: I’m still recovering from the coughing virus. This is pretty much unedited so there are probably lots of mistakes. I’ll edit the recent chapters in a few days time.

[Read more…]

TL: I’m also writing some codes to prepare for auto linkage currently.

Chapter 134 – Romaine’s second plan (2)

Brendel looked at the natives in Trentheim with furrowed brows. Lives had no value here. There were black markets behind destitute places like this, and the price of getting a goat was equivalent to the price of getting a slave boy. In some cases, a slave girl was even lower than that of livestock. The settings in the game was now applied in the real world.

Anyone who possessed enough power or authority would be able to trample on these citizens. Bandits raped and murdered people. Lords did the same deed. The only difference was where it was done; either it was done outside the city, or it was done within the city.

Nobles could afford to pay these evil lords a little money to perform wicked deeds, and the latter even encouraged them to do so, simply because gold coins were much cuter than people who needed money.





Brendel wondered if he should explain to Amandina in advance before she found out on her own.

But Amandina thought that Brendel was displeased with her, and though she still felt frustrated over the mercenaries, she lowered her head and replied: “…… I apologize, my lord! I should not have said that.”

Brendel waved his hand: “Miss Amandina, you’re mistaken. I’m not holding it against you at all.”

Amandina looked up, as if to confirm whether Brendel was telling the truth. She quickly lowered her head again and did not say anything else.

“We still need to head south a little more to reach our land.” Brendel continued as he looked to the south.

“Further south?” Amandina was completely stunned as she jerked her head back up: “If we leave Trentheim it would be wilderness—”

“Have you heard of a Pioneer Knight?”

“What—”

She blurted the word in spite of herself. She knew the term well. Young nobles or knights who had no land to inherit, would receive the authority from the Holy Cathedral of Flames to develop new land for the kingdom. They would bring along a few of their squires and head to the wilderness and develop new cities.

These stories sounded like children’s bedtime stories. She did not expect the legends to happen directly to her. She panicked for a moment. Even though it sounded like a great adventure, it was incredibly dangerous. No one in Aouine had tried to develop new lands for over a century, and for a moment she thought Brendel was a madman.

But she quickly calmed down. When she compared the days in Bruglas where she was hounded for her father’s debt to Brendel’s journey, she saw a glimmer of hope.

[…… So what if it’s dangerous?]

She took a long look at Brendel. A Pioneer Knight. The title sounded like the classic heroes from the past who were full of eager to progress. Even though it was dangerous, there was an air of romance about it. No matter how she looked at him, be it bravery, wits and morals, he fulfilled her ideal standards completely.

He was even quite attractive when he dressed up as a noble.

[It’s a pity. He already has someone else.]

Amandina blinked rapidly as she found her heart beating a little faster, before she looked at Romaine beside her. After her actions of running in the dangerous battlefield twice, she was lectured by him for a long time and was currently kept in check.

Romaine was looking at something with interest and called out to him: “Hey Brendel, look over there—”

She seemed to have a magnetic pull to her; Brendel and the others looked over to where she pointed.

There were many travelers on the street that were not natives—

Because of Brendel’s action a month ago, the news of the Divine Artifact Resonance in Randner had circulated to various bars and inns in the kingdom. The bards were carrying this news further north, and adventurers who wanted to try their luck started appearing. Mercenaries, merchants and bounty hunters were other groups were like hyenas which had smelled the scent of blood, rushing and gathering around the region.

Nobles who concerned themselves with Aouine’s brewing storm sent out their eyes and ears. Even the Association of Stars and Moon, as well as the Black Tower sent out their scouts. Within half a month, the population of Princess Gryhpine’s territory actually doubled. If Trentheim was not under the threat of Madara’s army, the cities’ lords would have been delighted at receiving more taxes.

[The situation is becoming complicated.]





Brendel’s eyes swept across them. It was clear that he did not fit in with these adventurers because of his attire, and the adventurers did not fit in with the local natives. This scene looked as though an artist deliberately painted the social differences.

The majority of these outsiders did not want to get involved with the locals, and the same goes for the latter who wanted to do with these likely lawless lot.

However, Romaine was pointing at something else. It was a small group of adventurers who were distributing food to the emaciated children. This sight made him feel there was an illusion where time was going backwards, as if he was in the game world, and these were the sympathetic gamers who were distributing food.

He quickly shook his head to get rid of that illusion. There were still young adventurers who pursued their dreams instead of profit.

[Four men and two women. All of them are indeed in their youths.]

Brendel could not help but reflect on the reality between fantasy and the real world. Adventurers were not the exciting and romantic life mentioned in fairy tales, and in truth it was bloody and difficult. They had to enter areas fraught with dangers and perils, and it was common for them to meet with their deaths just like mercenaries. Their compensation was a pittance compared to the danger they were in, and most of them ended up as bones in unknown places, although there was no lack of people who became rich overnight.

Because of this, the majority of the adventurers had to become practical and work for profit. Only the youths who acted upon ideal dreams did something illogical, and he was certain this group of adventurers had just started their journey.

The other exceptions were them being the descendants of rich nobles or merchants.

“What did you want us to look at?” He turned his head back to ask.

He felt pangs of danger when he saw her pretty, dark brown eyes roll about as though she had thought of something creative.

“What are you thinking about?” Brendel asked while being on his guard against her crazy antics.

“Something like what they are doing.” Little Romaine replied as a matter-of-fact.





“The food that we brought along isn’t enough, Romaine.” Amandina reminded Romaine as she understood her thoughts immediately: “Our men and horses are draining our supplies quickly. If we’re going to purchase food supplies here, we would have to deal with the local lord. Have you forgotten what happened just a while ago?”

Amandina was referring to the incident when they passed by a low-ranking noble’s land. Brendel had gone with Scarlett to negotiate the price of procuring food supplies, but the noble became interested in Scarlett and sent out his personal guards to abduct her.

The end results were thirty-odd iron-ranked guards were soundly beaten by the youth, then forced the noble to compensate for his transgressions. However, this event served as a warning. Even though the royal crown still retained its power, the nobles were already abusing their powers.

Brendel gave a grateful glance to Amandina when she finished speaking. The previous lord they encountered was still fine, but this time they were going to face Baron Graudin. Even though he was insignificant in Aouine’s history, his father was Duke Randner. If he tried to blackmail Graudin or kill him outright, the duke would definitely send out his army out after his head.

[In the past, Duke Rhun’s army is able to freely move through Duke Randner’s territory as they pleased. Perhaps the Princess’s faction established some form of deal with him. Someday I’ll deal with these parasites, but it will only be when my army is ready and I have enough speaking authority. Power, is still one of the most important rules in this world.]

Romaine shook her head upon listening to Amandina, gave a mysterious smile and replied: “Do you all not discover it yet?”

“About what?” Brendel said.

“The method to do business—”

“Huh?”

Brendel took off his glove and brought his hand to her forehead, wondering if she was having a fever, while Romaine swatted his hand away in annoyance. The younger Wild Elf sister asked curiously:





“Miss Romaine, my hometown has a saying. Poverty and merchants do not go along with each other. In such a poor place, is there really business to be done in such a poor place?”

“Tia!” Felaern said as she glared at her.

Tia was scared of her older sister’s wrath, so she stuck out her tongue and swallowed her remaining words.

“You can’t really say that. My aunt said that if there are places with transactions to be done, then there would be merchants.” Romaine said.

“I don’t disagree with your aunt,” Amandina looked at the uneven roads. It was highly unsuitable for horse carriages to even pass through the streets at its state. Having commerce in this area was still a long way off: “But this place seems to lack even the basic conditions for transactions……”

“But are these adventurers not doing transactions right before our eyes?” The merchant girl looked at the young adventurers’ actions with great interest.

Brendel’s head snapped back to Romaine with incredulous eyes. A bold idea was forming in his head as he realized what she was thinking about.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 135




Chapter 135 – Romaine’s second plan (3)

“Miss Romaine, I don’t think you can call their actions a trade, it’s actually a donation.” Sangany answered behind her.

Romaine’s face went up a little higher as she tapped her chin with her finger: “But that’s obviously a trade. If you buy hope with food, isn’t that a transaction?”

“Using food to buy hope? What does that mean?” Amandina looked strangely at her.

Everyone felt the same way about Romaine’s replies. Brendel was the only exception as he wondered how Romaine’s little mind actually worked. She seemed to always think of something that normal people could not.

“Amandina, how long do you need to make this place a self-sufficient economy if the region is governed by you?”

Amandina immediately felt there was an additional meaning to his words. She turned her attention to him, wondering if the youth had his eyes set on this territory, or simply to test her out.

Regardless of his intentions were, she took a serious look at the filthy citizens who had clothes that were patched up many times from different clothes like refugees, thought for a while before she answered with difficulty.

“The shortest time would be at least a year, two if things don’t go well. There is no wealth amongst the citizens right now, and they lacks the basic requirements to convert into a commercial industry. Even if we did a tax reform and redistribute the land for cultivation, we need a certain amount of time to gather the resources to store up wealth…… But I am confident that I can start paving the road of a commercial district in two years. But it would require a great sum of money…..”





“Then we just need to distribute the wealth so the citizens are wealthy enough right?” Romaine interrupted her and said it like it was matter-of-fact.

“Is…… there any meaning to it?” Amandina nearly choked on her indignance: “Are we going to be any different from the addicted gamblers if we lend our money to the poor? It’s the same as letting them gamble for us, and the money we win back is nothing but our own money with the real possibility of losing everything…..”

She looked at Romaine like the latter was someone who was merely interested in dealing with risk.

“Didn’t you already say you’re ‘lending’ money? These cute gamblers won’t run away with our money and bring back even more to us. It’s cgoing to be clearly stated on promissory notes.”

“In the end we won’t receive anything because they are simply too poor and ignorant on how to earn money.”

Romaine shook her finger like she was a world-class banker, then pointed at the citizens in the city.

“You are not wrong. But these people are desperate to get out of poverty, right? Distributing our money is the same as buying hope for them. When we give them money, we can teach them on how to work in production lines and fulfill their wish on being self-sufficient, and when they do so, it naturally means they would be able to pay off what they owe in thier promissory notes. I would then gain many partners in the commerce game. This is different from gambling. If you bury your a gold coin in the ground here, the next year you would be able to gain two gold coins!”

She winked at Amandina mischeiviously.

“That…… Maybe it’s true, but achieving it in reality is difficult……” Even though Amandina understood Romaine’s point of view, she was unable to accept this crazy logic.





“Indeed there’s a certain difficulty…..” Brendel nodded, but he looked at Romaine with praise. Romaine’s ideas were not really transactions, but a form of redistribution. If they direct both capital and production materials to the citizens, they would be able to create high productivity. However, that idea will only work if the entire region’s wealth was under the territory’s lord. Still, it was remarkably ahead for this era in terms of economic policies.

While Brendel was capable in administering the financial structure, he was a layman when it came to building the finer details on infrastructure for a business.

He was confident he could set the foundations for the policy and free it from any outside interference, though.

“Rather than say you’re buying hope, you can think it as buying labor. By having a motivated workforce, there would be a difference in the speed of creating financial gains. If we are to do this, then the most important aspect of the policy is how the wealth is redistributed. Amandina, do you have any thoughts on this?” Brendel said.

“Repair the roads.” Amandina said.

Brendel nodded inwardly when her thoughts were the same as his own.

“…… My lord, what exactly are you planning to do in this land?” Amandina hesitated for a while before she finally gathered her courage and whispered to him.

Amandina almost could not believe the words she was asking. It was the same as encouraging her lord to attack a legitimate lord. Usurping the land was the equivalent of betraying the kingdom. However, the royal crown was weakening as the days passed by, and witnessing the noble lords’ cruely and decadent behaviors, she was greatly shaken in the kingdom’s future.

Brendel first nodded, then shook his head and rubbed his forehead.

[I certainly have ideas on this place. That bastard isn’t some decent noble in the game or this world. Just look at the plight of this place. Baron Graudin is just too close to my future lands, even if he doesn’t invade my territory, there would definitely be highly unfair trading happening in the future. There wouldn’t be any profit to speak off. But there are two things that I’m lacking in to take him down. Men and timing.]

He estimated that he should wait at least one to two months, when the various lords in their territories announced their independence, and no one would care about the fight between two lords in the southern border. By that time, he should be ready to deal with Baron Graudin.

[But this is a headache. Trentheim at this year is certainly one of the poorest regions in Aouine. I was afraid Romaine might have trouble creating commerce in this area, but it seems like she already have ideas in place. Should I get Amandina to start working on a plan? Money is the next concern, the first step would be blackmailing money from the nobles who skimmed profits from Bruglas’ routes as our startup capital, then start working on access to the rich southern mines. Any other sources like overseas trading can be left to Amandina to work on—]

A loud snap from a horse whip suddenly broke his thoughts. He and his men immediately turned to the source of the noise, and saw a group of riders entering the city. Even though their equipment were all mixed all over, their emblems were clear.

Their flag was a pelican over a black-and-white checkmarked squares, which was clearly Randner’s retainer’s symbol. Brendel immediately knew these men belonged to Baron Graudin’s personal troops.

They wrote through the uneven roads quickly and raised their whips in order to drive the citizens on the street to the sides. The citizens scattered like they were a bunch of livestock, but this scene seemed to be oddly humorous to the riders, and they laughed openly and loudly.

A few even had to correct their riding postures from their laughter.





Amandina instantly frowned. This was not an uncommon sight in Bruglas as the city’s guards did the same thing. Scarlett scoffed coldly a little later after observing the riders.

“They seemed to be dragging something behind them.” Sanford suddenly pointed at the ground behind the riders.

“Dead bodies.” Brendel answered, but sighed as he finished as his words: “The nobles’ private soldiers went out to kill bandits.”

“Is there something wrong?” Amandina was puzzled over his reaction. Was it not a common thing?

But Brendel placed his palm up to stop her queries, then pointed at another direction. When she placed her focus in the area, she saw a group of women kneeling on the ground weeping as they covered their faces.

“…… What’s going on?” She asked.

“Rather than calling them bandits, you can call them peasants forced to flee from the lord’s taxation. Many of them lived their lives out like common peasants and do not partake in thievery, but since they avoided taxes, they were classified and judged as outlaws.” One of the Grey Wolves Mercenaries answered her question as he was familar with this practice: “My father also died in this manner, these fucking nobles…..”

“Are there only men?” Amandina inhaled deeply and asked.

“Yes. It’s not exactly heaven living out int he open.” Brendel nodded.





At Brendel’s final comment, the city suddenly seemed to fall into an odd silence. Other than the private soldiers’ yells and curses, and the women’s quiet weeps, there was on one who spoke when they saw this sight.

(TL: I think I explained it before, but Feudalism has 3 concepts, Lords – Vassals – Fiedom. Vassals answers to their sworn lords and may hold fiefs. For more information, go wikipedia. Too much info to summarize, honestly.

The next thing is about redistribution of wealth. When I look at the information as a whole, it seems like Amandina/Brendel is either going for trading/production over agriculture.)



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 136




TL: This is a donated chapter.

Show More

50.1% vs 49.9% – Sophie is a terrible name for the male protagonist. Please don’t name your children that.

72.6 % vs 27.4% – Don’t erase the name out.

Congrats to the majority, you won a major victory and you shall suppress the minority with the powers of democracy. I shall therefore stick to my original plan with some minor corrections to my mistakes.

64% – chose ‘what’ on the third question?

In the case of Su Fei and Souffle, and actually explained in the comments of the last chapter –

The Chinese pronunciation of Su Fei – Sue Fey

The pronunciation of Souffle – Sue Fley

The pronunciation of Sophie – So Fee

Sophie might be the direct name translation of the Chinese characters but the English pronunciation is just off the mark.

Recently there has been an interesting mod post on novelupdates forums asking whether Brendel is good-looking or not, because the tags at NU keep getting changed and deleted to “average-looking protagonist” and the mod got irritated over it (lol).

To put it simply, he’s good-looking enough to be easy on the eyes, but not on the level of ManSexGod™.

Whatever arguments or reasons you have in your mind that includes “But he’s a NPC so he’s generic looking!” or “I’m pretty sure I remember him as plain!”, take it from your translator who has reached the *SPOILER* in the story, there is zero chance of Brendel being an average-looking NPC fodder and thus invalidates any and all other arguments.

Anything else that I have done like outright describe him as plain-looking, is wrong and I will change it. I don’t think I did that, other than the early start of the series with something along the lines of “he’s a youth you can find anywhere in the kingdom”.

As for the progress on the new website, it’s going to have to be slightly barebones in design for now. I never did really solve the exact codes for back/next button, so the codes are the default wordpress boolean check on categories. I’ll do some manual coding if it really fails.

I want to roll out the website, preferably on 1st May, then store wolfietranslation into the freezer.

Chapter 136 – Dispute.

“Father!” A sudden childish outcry of anxiety and unease suddenly cut through the cavalry’s sneering laughter.

A haggard-looking woman covered her child’s mouth and looked at the riders with fearful eyes. Silence covered the entire street as the leader of the riders dismounted and walked slowly over to her. His gait had a certain threatening weight to it as he carried his large spear over his shoulders.

While his eyes were dyed with surprise from the cry earlier, it could not hide the disdain in them.

“This boy knows that wretched thing?” The stout man licked his lips as he pointed with his spear to the blood-stained corpse on the ground. His comrades came up as well and surrounded her like a pack of hyenas.

The woman hugged her son and shook her head with tears rolling across her cheeks.

“Let that boy go. I want to hear the answer directly from him.” The man used his spear to draw back the woman’s fringe as he said.

The woman hugged her child even tighter as she was afraid of losing him; the people around her looked on with sympathetic eyes but quickly drew back from her.





“Did you not hear what I just said?”

“Ser Knight, he’s still young, please have mercy on my boy!” She begged him as she wept.

“You wretched whore.” The man said as he quickly raised his spear to strike her, he immediately found a young woman carrying a longbow spreading her arms out and stood in his way.

“Hmm?” The man looked at the unexpected interference in front of him.

Brendel relaxed his fingers that were on his sword a while ago. He recognized the daring girl from the group of youths who distributed food earlier.

“That’s enough, do you have no shame in bullying a helpless woman?” The woman with the longbow shouted angrily: “I’m a daughter of a Baronet, and I command you to stop this immediately!”

“Oh?” The burly man looked blankly at her for a moment, before he turned back to his comrades and said: “Boys, this lass here is an aristocrat’s daughter! What should we do?”

Rude laughter came in reply.

“And which land is your noble father from?” The man turned back to the baronet’s daughter and asked in a blank tone.

“Fenna, be careful!”





A man wearing heavy armor burst out from the crowd, his hand on the greatsword behind his back, but it was too late, the leader of the cavalry had already stabbed through her stomach with his spear.

That outcome suddenly came from nowhere, and the woman named Fenna looked down in disbelief as she uttered a soft gasp. Pain drowned her when the leader pulled his weapon, and she staggered back a few steps before she fell forward onto the ground. Blood pooled around her as she repeatedly opened and closed her mouth, shuddering repeatedly before she finally laid still.

The leader casually placed the spear back across his shoulders like it nothing had happened, flinging drops of blood across the ground. The cavalry behind him quickly took out their longbows and shot at the adventurers and civilians alike. Ten-odd men were instantly killed as screams broke out from the crowd.

The cavalry did not care whether they hurt the innocent and efficiently drove the crowd away to prevent any sudden retaliation.

“Fenna!” That swordsman cried out again and swept away the arrows with his sword, but before his cry ended, another member in his party collapsed to the ground as an arrow struck him. “You fucking bastards!”

He roared as he pushed away the panicking crowd and rushed straight to the leader with his greatsword. The latter intercepted his attack with his spear and bellowed: “Whoever interferes will be the enemies of Lord Trentheim!” (TL: Baron Graudin = Lord Trentheim.)

The provoked crowd of adventurers quickly abated their tempers.

The swordsman continued to attack regardless of the leader’s threat, but the latter easily deflected the strikes, accurately bashed the swordsman’s fingers with the base of the spear and knocked away the greatsword with a sweep. He then followed up with a strike from the spear’s body to the swordsman’s face before he finally thrust the blade into his neck.

While both of them were perceived as Iron-ranked fighters, it was clear that the cavalry’s leader was several grades above the swordsman.

But the spear never reached the swordsman’s neck. A tremendous force had struck against it and caused a metallic clash to ring out. It inched away from the latter’s neck, and caused the cavalry’s leader to wobble unsteadily. His hands were numb from the impact.





“Who dares!” The leader roared in fury and turned around, and his eyes laid on a youth wearing a jet-black cloak over an alabaster shirt with fancy patterns stitched across his collar. His cashmere gloves were dyed in a startling red and were connected to a heavy longbow.

That youth was gazing back at him as though he was filth.

The old and new Brendel were aligned perfectly with each other right at that moment. They did not allow unjust actions to defile their sanctuary.

Amandina, Sanford and Scarlett looked at the youth in utter surprise. They did not think that Brendel would interfere with this situation so openly. Romaine was looking at him with sparkles in her eyes, feeling that this was his true personality.

The different faces that he showed were many; his courageous expression, his resolute appearance, his air of violent bloodthirst when he fought against his enemies, and even the one when he was angry with her.

She liked every one of those faces.

A moment of silence came about as everyone in the streets turned their attention to the youth.

The cavalry’s leader narrowed his eyes as he studied the men around Brendel. He was secretly shocked at the display of strength that the youth had.

The aristocrat’s daughter was stupid enough to go against him here. There was nothing her lowly ranking noble father could do if he did not have any land under his name. Would he dare to address his grievances directly to a Baron who had a duke as his backing forces?

But the youth in front of him was different. No common man would be able to bring so many guards along with him, and they looked like they had the abilities of the kingdom’s elite forces.

[This man probably isn’t some common aristocrat’s offspring.]

He quickly put away his spear and came to attention and cautiously greeted him.

“May I inquire who you are, Messere?”

The cavalry’s arrows that were focused on Brendel, lowered as soon as they heard their commander speak politely. They quickly cooled their heads as they realized the situation was changing.

“Let them go.” Brendel said, his voice void of any warmth.

He did not even take a look at the archers. With Scarlett and Medissa around, it would be a joke if the people around him got hurt by any arrows. However, he started investing his bonus XP for completing the quest in Baern Shyrltaesi.

[200000 XP in total. There’s no telling what will happen here. If I threaten this bastard he’s most likely to back down, but I don’t want any mistakes here…… There, I placed everything into the Mercenary profession. It’s at level 25 now, and my overall character level is 32. Strength and dexerity is at 70 and 40, respectively, putting me on par with the stats of Silver-ranked fighter at a higher tier……]

Suddenly, there was an odd feeling in his mind. When he fired that arrow at the cavalry’s leader, he was suddenly reminded of the time when he lost his temper at Makarov over Scarlett. He shook off that feeling in a hurry.

[…… Regardless, I need to raise my level as soon as possible to unseal my Element. Once my perception is raised I should be able to make sense of the type of Element I have. The situation might go out of hand anytime and I need every bit of power available to me.]

Brendel was easily able to kill every one of the bastards in front of him, and would gladly do so if Baron Graudin was not in the picture.

“Messere, we will be in trouble if we do as you say,” The attitude of the riders’ leader changed to a polite tone as Brendel’s haughty reaction confirmed his suspicions: “These people who fought back might be conspiring with the bandits. We can’t answer to our lord if we let them go—“

But he chose to resist. He did kill a noble, and if he let the survivors escape then there would still be trouble for him if rumors came about.

Brendel’s laughter echoed in the street when he heard the leader’s answer.

“Who the fuck do you think you’re talking to?” The youth’s hand went to his sword: “Killing you is as easy as killing a rat, and I just need to apologize to Graudin after the deed is done— But I’m going to give him my respect by not cutting your head off on the spot despite your insolence. However, my patience has its limits—“





He pulled out his sword and caused the riders in front of him to shiver slightly.

The world was simply that practical. If the nobility’s status did not work in negotiations, then violence and power were the answers. The price of being naive was too high, and all too easily understood with Fenna’s still-warm body.

The riders’ leader considered for a while before he finally agreed and stepped away from the swordsman.

The swordsman still wanted to grab his greatsword and cut down the bastard in front of him, but another adventurer dashed out from the crowd to restrain him. Brendel watched him whisper into the swordsman’s ears before the latter finally calmed down.

– Don’t cause trouble for others.

Brendel sighed inwardly. The group of adventurers were truly naive. To the point where it was as rare as precious gems.

Tears streaked down the swordsman’s eyes as he gently carried Fenna’s body. The crowd parted as the two men walked towards Brendel.

“Thank you, kind sir.”

The person who thanked him was a skinny-looking youth around Brendel’s age. He had a pale face and long light-grey hair, and wore a monocle which was chained back behind his ear. He wore a grey set of long robes which had runic patterns on his sleeves, and Brendel realized that he was an apprenticing wizard.

Unlike the swordsman who displayed his anger and sorrow openly, the youth appeared composed and polite, although his slightly red eyes betrayed the fury in him.

“Do you want to take revenge?” Brendel asked after studying the wizard for a moment.

The young wizard looked up at Brendel in suspicion before he quietly shook his head and pulled the surprised swordsman away.

Brendel’s eyes followed his back. That young wizard was just as angry as the swordsman and would never forget about this incident, but contrary to his partner, he was cautious and showed restraint.

[I thought that everyone in that group is naive but that youth is quite intriguing…..]

“Messere, I have done what you asked of me. Would you kindly follow us and explain to our superiors?” The riders’ leader carefully asked.

Brendel gave a derisive scoff, but he nodded after a moment.

“My lord?” Amandina whispered.

Since he interfered with this matter it would be necessary for him to meet Baron Graudin. It was folly to use force here, and he thought it would be better for him to make the first move and fool the latter.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 137




TL:





Chapter 137 – Gift

Brendel proclaimed himself as ‘Viscount Gunston’, a noble who traveled south from the north. The papers he had on him were given by the cripple Roen, and the craftsmanship on them was as perfect as the papers handed down straight from the capital’s parliament. Even the original Viscount Gunston would wonder if his papers were fake if he ever saw them.

When the riders’ leader received the papers and read them, he bowed politely and said: “My lord, my name is Colton. I will report to my superiors so they can arrange a meeting between you and Lord Trentheim. Would you allow one of my men to accompany you and let him direct you to the best inn in the city?”





Brendel nodded, and Colton quickly gave orders to his men to clean up the street, and got one of the younger riders to escort Brendel.

The capital of Trentheim was called Fohre. Its streets spread out like spiderwebs, narrow and many, and the roofs of the buildings were a spectacular crimson due to the red soil used. Colton’s subordinate lead them to an inn called The Brave Fist, a unique building that was high enough to allow its guests to look at the city’s grey outer walls.

With such close borders to the wilderness that was outside Mother’s Marsha protection, humans had to rely on the city walls to defend against magical creatures, beasts and demi-races.

Brendel and the others only had to wait a few hours after their meals at the inn before Baron Graudin’s invitation arrived. Although it was only a small group of Graudin’s men who escorted them, when they arrived at Graudin’s manor, he found two rows of elite soldiers standing at the gates. They wore heavy armor, equipped with lances, and were neatly lined up and without expressions on their faces.

[A grand entrance indeed. It looks like Graudin is trying to threaten me. It might even frighten a real viscount—]

The youth ignored them and walked past the gates. There was a massive man who immediately blocked his path and tried to grab his shoulders. However, before he could even touch Brendel a girl with fiery red hair grabbed his wrist and jerked it away. Her eyes looked like she was locking on to her prey.

“Get lost.” She said simply.

She took a step forward and rammed into him, causing him to crash into the wall of soldiers. There was immediate wailing after a loud crash.

“Cease your actions!” The soldiers were surprised and immediately tried to block Brendel from progressing any further, but they were hurled backwards by the youth the moment they touched him.

It was as if they were facing a dragon and not a refined noble.

[70 OZ in the strength stats. Even in king Ansen’s era, I would qualify for a spot in the kingdom’s cavalry. Just a little more and I can be in the elite group. In this era, I am even on par with a captain…]

Brendel continued to advance quickly, and there were constant metallic crashing noises as the soldiers were thrown at each other like bags of flour. He never looked back and finally stopped at the second gate.





It was shut tight. Perhaps the person who was meant to open it was lying on the ground, so he did not waste any time, and kicked down the door just like how he had done it countless times in the game.

The door crashed onto the ground with an impressive bang, and the empty hall was presented before Brendel.

============= Graudin’s POV ===============

“My god, this man is such a brute!”

Somewhere in the mansion behind an arch window, was a middle-aged man who was peeking through the curtains with piqued interest. Even though he sounded impressed, his eyes were cold and discerning. He was holding onto a goblet with bright red liquid in it. He shook his hand and allowed the viscous liquid to bob up and down.

Brendel would recognize that man in a heartbeat if he saw him. It was all too easy to recognize Graudin’s prominent eagle-like hook nose. His eye sockets were deeply inset and his skin was pale as though he was sick with malaise, giving him the uniquely sinister look which was prevalent within the Randner’s family. The only thing that seemed alive was his bushy moustache that ended in a curl.

“A youth of twenty years and barely qualifies as a Silver-rank fighter.” Graudin stroked his moustache: “What do you think?”

The lanky man behind him shook his head: “He did not use his full strength. That girl with red hair isn’t simple either. If we were to fight, the odds will be split in both ways. I do not suggest fighting.”

“Of course I won’t,” Graudin laid his goblet down onto the windowsill with some annoyance, causing it to gave out a light clink: “He must have some considerable backing if he dares to openly challenge me in my own territory. But even if I don’t find fault with this matter, I need to show him a lesson.”

He lowered the curtains and turned around: “What of the task that I instructed you to do?”

“The men have been sent out. If there are no problems, they would be back this very evening.” The man bowed slightly.

“Good.” Graudin threw his goblet away with a fling on his hand, and it landed next to a dead woman. The red liquid immediately splashed everywhere, causing a foul stench to spread throughout the room. The dull-brown carpet slowly turned to a red hue once again.

“This matter is requested by my father. Make sure everything is perfect.”

Graudin wondered when his damned father would choose his successor. What disappointed him was how his father became sharper every year, or he would have poisoned all his brothers to their deaths.





[A bunch of fools blocking my path.] (TL: I made a pretty huge mistake. It’s not duke Randner, it’s count Randner. I’ll make sure to change it one day.)

============= Brendel’s POV ============

The grand hall was decorated with a crystal chandelier, an excessive luxury with intricate craftsmanship. There were sigils within the crystals, indicating that it was an magic artifact. The design dated to the early era of king Ansen, and was crafted to tell the story of the Treatise of the Holy Men, depicting one hundred and eighty star consellations of the Gods.

Brendel and Graudin met under that artifact, separated by a long rectangular table on each end. The supposedly empty hall was soon filled with people. Besides Graudin’s knights, there were many local nobles who were also invited to the meeting.

[Looks like his real followers are not here.]

Brendel was certain that Graudin’s confidants were not in the room after studying everyone. Trentheim’s territory was not considered large, but there were at least twenty-odd districts ruled by Graudin’s loyal retainers.

After the superficial pleasantries were exchanged, the baron formerly announced the banquet’s opening, in the name of welcoming ‘Viscount Gunston’.

The food that the servants brought had a wide variety but they were wasted on Brendel’s men. Having a meal in the heart of the enemy’s territory was too stifling for them. Amandina’s heart was racing all the time, frowning at the table as she looked across at the two exceptions.

Brendel and Romaine were sampling each dish with delight.

Baron Graudin noticed Amandina’s expression and spoke after a moment of thinking: “What’s wrong, does my lady feel that there’s something not satisfactory to your taste?”

The grand hall was suddenly silenced.

Amandina secretly panicked but she raised her head and nodded:

“My Lord Brendel and Lady Romaine are too polite and would not speak badly of this banquet. However as their retainer, I would have to protest at your treatment. Do you view us as nobles below your rank?—”

The other nobles went still.

[Good job! You saw through that bastard’s ploy.]

Brendel secretly raised both of his thumbs up at Amandina’s impressive remark. It was truly a slap to Graudin’s face and he was unable to find a retort at her criticism. One could hardly imagine a city’s lord to quarrel with someone’s subordinate, and a woman at that.

But Graudin merely smiled at her remark, before he cast his slightly clouded eyeballs at Brendel. The latter also gazed back at him without any fear. He was acting as an arrogant noble who did not care who or what was in front of him, even more so than the typical young nobles in the kingdom.

“Viscount Gunston.” Graudin said after a pause. He had a warm smile.

“Baron Graudin.” Brendel nodded.

“Since Lord Gunston came from the north, does the weather in the south cause any discomfort to you?”





“As a knight of the kingdom, there is no difference whether the weather changes or not. The frail idiots who can’t even withstand such changes are not worth being called as nobles in my eyes.” Brendel’s mouth fired back with conceit, and he wondered for a moment if he was actually a talented noble in the arts of arrogance.

The air in the grand hall continued became even more unbearable. This was another attempt to slap Graudin’s face, and the nobles wondered who exactly the youth was.

“A young man like yourself should not bring us old bones into the discussion. If you find that the food is not to your taste, I have a gift prepared for you as an apology.” Graudin’s smile was ever polite and even appeared sincere.

[Gift? What the fuck is he up to?]

Brendel narrowed his eyes. He was trying to get the idiot to back down and get him to let them leave. It was more important to get his own territory, and coming back to pick a fight with him could come later.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 138




TL:



Chapter 138 – Element

Graudin snapped his fingers with a loud snap, and servants appeared to clear the dishes in front of Brendel. After it was cleared, two servants came up bearing a box each and placed them in front of him. They bowed slightly and left the area.

The baron stood up and extended his hand to prompt Brendel to open the box.

Brendel was certain that the bastard in front of him was not giving him gifts. Even though he was a viscount, there was no need for Graduin to bootlick him. If the latter actually chose to do that, even the word shameless would not be enough to describe his character.

He hesitated for a while before nodding to Amandina, indicating for her to open up the box and she did. However, her actions immediately froze when it was slightly ajar.





From Brendel’s point of view, she was clenching her teeth so hard that she seemed to be trembling but it was to prevent herself from screaming in terror.

She stood vacantly in front of the box for a while as though there was some magic restraining her. Her throat shifted slightly as she swallowed and took a deep breath before she opened it fully.

A fork dropped onto the plate. Romaine’s hand stayed in mid-air as she stared at the contents in the box.

Brendel’s expression immediately changed as well.





That was because a human head was placed in it—

To be precise, it was the swordsman he saw earlier. The decapitated head’s eyes were shut tightly and the skin had turned white because blood had been completely drained from it.

Brendel did not utter a word.

Amandina glanced at him for a moment before her hands slowly reached for the next box. Her heart was beating so fast that she felt faint, but she was determined to act her role. Her trembling fingers touched the box’s wooden frame, stopped for a second then slowly lifted it up.

It was another head — The baronet’s daughter Fenna.





Blood drained from Amandina’s face.

“The taste of that woman’s blood is quite good,” Baron Graudin had a pleasant smile as he spoke: “But a gentleman wouldn’t steal someone’s else belongings. I have heard that the skull of a young girl used as a wine glass makes the wine even better. Lord Brendel, you ought to try it sometime. The other head is a complimentary gift—”

Before he finished his words, there was a light humming sound in the hall.

Everyone’s eyes went to the source of the noise and discovered Brendel’s sword drawing itself halfway out from its sheath. It was vibrating so fast that it caused the hum they heard earlier, and it looked like it was about to fly out.

The youth had both of his hands planted onto the table with tightly pursed lips.

Everyone felt a cold air emitting from him as though there was a palpable killing intent about him.

The nobles near Brendel dropped their utensils and even fell out of their seats as they watched in horror. That murderous aura intensified and the knights around Graudin drew out their weapon to protect him, while the latter continued to look on as he enjoyed Brendel’s fury.

But that smile immediately went stiff.

That was because that cold air manifested into white frost and covered the table, starting from Brendel’s hands. Silver knives and folks twisted into horrific shapes, while the porcelain plates and bowls cracked into pieces, then shattering once more to turn into white powder. That faint mist of cold air suddenly traveled rapidly across the table as though a raging beast was trying to stampede across to strike Graudin.

The two knights who were directly in front of Graudin grunted as they felt their swords’ blades break into pieces, before they suddenly screamed and covered their eyes; blood was oozing down between their fingers.

But the injuries from the knights did not register the people’s minds. It was because the only words that came into their minds were —

Unsealed Element.

Brendel felt his thoughts plunge into an endless darkness that seemed to freeze everything. The commotion he caused in the streets had caused Graudin’s retaliation and killed the innocent man he thought he had saved.

Utter disgust rose from within Brendel’s heart as he stared at Graudin with piercing eyes. The latter was worse than any of the nobles he had met so far. The baron was truly made of utter filth. His fake smile seemed to twist into some strange abstract art that looked like it came from hell.

A sobering rage was born from his heart, wanting every bit of this filth to be gone from this world, and this emotion swept every other useless thought in his mind. Time seemed to stop and his eyes perceived everything with absolute clarity.

His rage, the fear of the nobles around him, Amandina’s discomfort from being so near his unraveling rage, and Graudin’s surprised eyes.

It was as though he was watching everything somewhere from above.

[I can’t believe I reached that so early….. That barrier that prevents me from using my Element.]

He felt his strength increasing by leaps and bounds, and together with the experience gained from the battle against his grandfather, he found himself pounding on the wall in front of him.

When he did so, he felt his mind describing the Element power in front of him with words. Frozen. Stability. However, that barrier knocked him back mercilessly:





You wish to break this barrier? You are not qualified yet!

The illusion disappeared and the world of darkness fragmented and scattered everywhere. Time resumed, and he was brought back to reality.

Brendel then heard the shattering noises. Everything was breaking in front of him. The temperature of the hall dropped over several tens of degrees and the walls were cover in a thick layer of frost.

Brendel’s next reaction was to place his hand on his sword, and this action alone forced Graudin and the twenty-odd knights behind him to take a big step back, while the furniture behind them exploded into countless splinters.

“Protect me!” Graudin screamed.

The knights beside him received a great amount of pressure as though an invisible wall was pushing them back, but they forced themselves forward and pulled out their swords against Brendel.

What awaited them was a seemingly ordinary swing across the table—

Brendel held the sword with both hands and used the muscles across his body. From the legs, chest, shoulders, wrists and hands. The sword sailed through the air in a straight line.

[White Raven Sword Rave, Power Break!!!]

Anyone could see that it was a standard swing of the sword. Any beginner who started training would use the same stance and posture as Brendel did. The path was clear and his intention was easily understood; anyone with the slightest amount of experience could understand how it was done.

But none of the twenty Iron-ranked knights was able to evade the attack.

That swing seemed to slice through the air like a visible shockwave of white light, chilling everything as it went across the hall and reached towards the knights’ bodies. Frost spread everywhere like uncontrollable wildfire and turned them into ice statues.

That line continued to sweep across the hall, cutting just above Graudin’s hair and freezing it before it finally ended against the walls. Over Twenty heads were hurled backwards as they were lopped off from the slash.

The nobles were completely terrified and escaped from the table, some of them stumbling onto the ground, backing away from the frightening youth as quickly as possible.

The deaths of Graudin’s knights were displayed before Graudin’s eyes. He had controlled the fates of other men, women and even children since his birth, but it was only at this moment that he realized that he was as helpless as the people he had tortured and killed over the years.

[F-fuck! H-he’s not a Silver-ranked swordsman, he— No, this monster has reached its way to its Element power!]

Graudin had thought the youth was someone he could stand toe to toe with, and the confrontation between them would getting each other to back down through underhanded means.





The table suddenly split into half with a light tapping noise and crashed onto the ground. No one saw how the youth cut the table into two, and he advanced towards the baron with no obstacles between them. Brendel’s sword was raised once again.

“I’m a feudal baron!” Graudin shrieked pitifully as he glanced around in a panic, hoping for someone to rescue him.

However, there was no one who did so. None of them expected a banquet to end as a fight, and certainly did not expect a powerful wielder of an unsealed Element to come to such a remote location.

Brendel’s eyes only saw Graudin’s neck. He gripped his sword tightly and was determined to end him.

But a hand suddenly reached out to his sword arm and lowered it. He turned his head around and discovered Scarlett in a battle stance, her eyes looking straight ahead to the second floor.

Brendel peered into the direction to where she was glaring in an instant.



(TL: Feudal Baron – The highest degree of feudal land tenure. It means he’s directly under the king’s employment.)

Choose your font type



Which font do you prefer?

Roberto

“…… Then if you’re friends with the little prince, surely you can go in by the main entrance. Surely there’s no need to…..” Lawrence floundered for a long time but he was still unable to describe Sue’s actions…… Was she trying to pick a bone over nothing?! Or perhaps she was worried that her status as a commoner would not be allowed to see the prince?!

“Who set the rules that one must enter through the front door when they visit a friend’s home?!”

Who the heck could stop her if she wanted to jump onto a windowsill?

“I’m heading off, you should go back too, I can take care of myself.”





Open Sans

“…… Then if you’re friends with the little prince, surely you can go in by the main entrance. Surely there’s no need to…..” Lawrence floundered for a long time but he was still unable to describe Sue’s actions…… Was she trying to pick a bone over nothing?! Or perhaps she was worried that her status as a commoner would not be allowed to see the prince?!

“Who set the rules that one must enter through the front door when they visit a friend’s home?!”

Who the heck could stop her if she wanted to jump onto a windowsill?

“I’m heading off, you should go back too, I can take care of myself.”

Times new roman



“…… Then if you’re friends with the little prince, surely you can go in by the main entrance. Surely there’s no need to…..” Lawrence floundered for a long time but he was still unable to describe Sue’s actions…… Was she trying to pick a bone over nothing?! Or perhaps she was worried that her status as a commoner would not be allowed to see the prince?!

“Who set the rules that one must enter through the front door when they visit a friend’s home?!”

Who the heck could stop her if she wanted to jump onto a windowsill?

“I’m heading off, you should go back too, I can take care of myself.”



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 139




TL: Hey guys.

Edit: Stuff has been cleared up to have a cleaner page.





Chapter 139 – Warm words of hope (1)



There was a dark figure on the second floor of the hall. When Brendel focused his eyes, he found it was a gigantic skeleton covered in a weathered set of brass armor of an ancient design and wielded a battle-axe. The top of the skull had a horizontal crevice, as though someone had tried to cut across its forehead with a sword when it was still alive. Its jaw was slightly unhinged and it looked like it was looking at the scene below with a mocking smile.

[…… That’s Kabias!] Brendel identified what the dark figure was at once.

“Viscount Gaston, is it?” Kabias’s voice was dry like sandpaper, “How have you been after you left Fortress Riedon?”

It had seen this young man from afar when the undead surrounded the fortress. That youth had caught its eye for some unknown reason.





“Madara.” Brendel said through clenched teeth. He turned around and glared at Graudin: “When did the Madara became so close to Aouine’s nobles?”

“All life turns into dust with time. The only thing that does not change is profit, Viscount.” Kabias said.

[Graudin has actually colluded with the Madara undead, but for what purpose? It seems like I’m free to kill Graudin at this distance, but……]

Although the Skeleton Lord in front of him was a full-fledged Gold-ranked fighter, there was a considerable distance between them. It should at least jump down in between him and Graudin to prevent the latter from being killed but it did not do so. In fact, it appeared almost smug—

He started to search the hall for any oddities, and finally discovered a pale man wearing long grey robes hiding behind a few shivering nobles.

[That’s Rothko, I think. This bastard got me good the first time I got to this world. Two purple flame sigils on his collars. Huh. He upgraded to a mid-tier necromancer from an acolyte the first time I saw him.]

Brendel rubbed his forehead and looked back at Graudin. The latter had seemed to regain some of his composure. His hand was resting against a wooden pillar as support, while his face had that fake smile once again on it. Only his blootshot eyes revealed the anxiety and fear in him.

Brendel purposely placed his sword horizontally across his chest, causing light to reflect into Graudin’s eyes and caused him to flinch with a rat-like squeak emitting from his throat. The latter realized a few moments later that Brendel was toying with him. Fury was set ablaze in his heart but he did not show it in his face.

“I truly did not expect you to sell your soul to the undead.” Brendel’s voice was one of murder as he spoke to Graudin. He cast his eyes on Kabias again and said: “The fact that your rotten bones are here would mean that you want to preserve this worm’s life, right?”

Graudin seemed to have gotten back his courage from the support of his allies. He ground his teeth menacingly with hatred from his eyes.

“Young man, you can go ahead and bark like a dog if you so desire, but you do know I’m a Randner that even if I don’t rely on my Madara allies. Do you truly intend to go against the entire Randner family? Are you going to bring on a war between two retainers just because of a disagreement? Viscount Gaston, I think even your family wouldn’t allow you—”

Brendel’s scoff turned the temperature of the hall down by several degrees, and cold mist even appeared from Graudin’s lips. Almost everyone shivered from the cold as the latter’s words died in his throat. He did not understand how he was wrong from the very start; Brendel was a complete fake.

His swung his sword like a quick draw, drawing a line towards Graudin’s throat—





Two shockwaves collided in the air. Rothko was ready for Brendel’s attack because he had seen the attack before; Kabias kicked against the ledge and propelled down to intercept Brendel’s next attack as he activated his Charge ability. The baron looked on stupidly at the blade inching closer towards him, completely flabbergasted by Brendel’s actions which went against common sense.





But the long battleaxe had successfully parried his longsword. If the Skeleton Lord was one second late, the sword would have pierced through Graudin’s heart.

“I have said before,” Kabias looked down at the youth as he towered over him: “Baron Graudin is an important ally to us. We will not hand him over so easily to you.”

“I’m sorry to tell you that you didn’t!” Brendel yelled as he unleashed a flurry of blows of which the Skeleton Lord deflected them with ease. He activated Power Break in an overhead slash, while Kabias took a step back and sent the battle-axe in a vertical upper slash to meet the blade.

A thunderous metallic crash echoed throughout the hall and both of them took three steps back from the impact, neither gaining an advantage over each other.

“Young man, you should back down,” Kabias stopped his momentum by using the battle-axe as a support on the ground, raised his head and said: “Aouine and Madara has called for a truce. Is it necessary to cause a war over your quarrel with the baron? The commotion in the hall has probably alarmed the guards in the fortress as well, are you not worried about your servants whom you left behind in the courtyard—”

Brendel’s face darkened and his chipped sword was raised again.

“Mister Brendel!” Scarlett grabbed his wrist.

Sanford and the other Grey Wolves Mercenaries were still outside and she could not allow him to continue in his rampage.

“Miss Amandina, do you think I should let this worm off as well?”

Amandina took a short moment to recover from the sudden chain of events after Brendel called out to her. She looked at Graudin who had fallen to his rear in fear. She wanted to kick that face repeatedly until it was no longer recognizable as a ‘human face’. But she took a deep breath and answered despite her desire to do so:

“My lord, this bastard is still a Feudal Baron assigned by the kingdom.”

She pointed out to Brendel about Graudin’s status, but she was implying something else. The real trouble was the people who assigned Graudin’s title.

While Feudal Barons were assigned directly by the king, it was actually the Randner family who handled Graudin’s territory and rank. From the two prior generations before King Oberg, the family with a long history started to raise their private army in order to combat the monsters at the border. Today, almost all the soldiers in the Randner’s territory belonged to their private army.

Even if there were those within the royal family who did not view these ‘barbarians’ as important, the count’s forces were abnormal for someone his rank. Also, because of Madara’s invasion the situation in the capital had become chaotic; the royal crown could hardly care about two families waging wars at the borders.

Finally, the crafted lie about Brendel being the Viscount Gaston would be revealed.

There was no possible way for him to set up his new territory if the Randner family poured their full rage onto him. Amandina tried to squeeze every intention to a single line, requesting him to think of the consequences, while limiting her words to a single sentence in order to make sure their weakness was not revealed.

She believed that the youth in front of him would understand her intentions.

Brendel spat onto the ground.

“Observe the situation in front of you and act prudently, young man.” Kabias’s jaw unhinged and appeared like it was smiling.

The youth’s sword slowly lowered to the ground and he glared at Graudin with disgusted eyes as though he was looking at a dead animal covered with maggots.





Graudin gained his wits about him when he felt Brendel’s expression turn to something else. Perhaps Kabias gave him enough courage to threaten Brendel at that moment:

“If you don’t kill me today, Viscount Brendel, I’ll make certain today’s insult would be doubly returned—”

The baron’s voice was dripping with anger and humiliation. He had invited the local nobles only to have them witness his shameful display. That sense of failure had caused him to feel like there was an undying rage lit up in him. He wanted to find new ways to anger Brendel in order to goad him into a fight with Kabias to ensure mutual destruction, but his hand was suddenly raised.

“Oss!”

Brendel fired a wind bullet towards Rothko who cast a counter-spell in a fluster, while his sword drew a silver line across Graudin’s cheek.

Graudin’s expression went blank as he felt his hair fall onto the ground on the side where Brendel cut. Throbbing pain spread across his face, and the nobles saw a visible wound on his cheeks. He used his hand to feel the area in a daze, then put it before his eyes. Striking red blood covered all over his fingers, and he started screaming like a pig being slaughtered.

Kabias did not react to Brendel’s attack. It saw from his position what damage the attack would do; it was not Graudin’s guard and there was no need to act there. It was also good to have the latter receive a lesson to understand their exact relationship.

“I’ll leave your head on your body for now. I’ll come back and take it the next time—” He said, then glared at the nobles around him and they stepped back in fright. He glanced at Amandina and Scarlett, sheathed his sword and walked out of the hall with angry footsteps.





When he reached the entrance, the heavily armored soldiers and guards who arrived and watched the fight between Kabias and him, immediately parted and stood on each side. Some of them even saw how he cut down twenty-odd knights with a single slash, and none of them wanted to stand in his path.

Graudin was still screaming. He wanted to order his men to cut Brendel down as he left the building, but the pain remained in his mind and the words never came.



TL: If you spot any Engrish mistakes, please point them out… I’m losing my concentration lol.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 140




TL:

Edit: Stuff has been cleared up to have a cleaner page.



Chapter 140 – Warm words of hope

When Brendel walked out of Graudin’s manor, he clenched his sword’s hilt till his fingers were white. The men who waited in the courtyard were confused as to why their lord looked so angry as the people who were in the mansion did not explain what happened in there.

[In the end, I chose to compromise……]

Brendel wanted to swing his sword and destroy the landscape.

It was not because he was afraid of Madara and Graudin’s combined forces, but because Scarlett’s pleading eyes had moved him. Just like how he could never become someone like Makarov, he would never allow his anger to affect his men who were still waiting in the courtyard.





The Grey Wolves Mercenaries were her last kin, and she had the right to stop him from killing Graudin to make sure no retribution was going to happen to them.

He had tried to resist Aouine’s decadent politics ever since he came to this world but he soon realized he did not have the power to go against the nobles. His heart was especially heavy because Amandina had subtly objected to his actions, and was disappointed that she tried to make him play the game that all nobles did. Even though she did not state it directly to him, she did not hide her intentions either.

[Yes, this might be a better choice for me but is this worth it? This is the first time I abandoned on my decision that I made. I didn’t even think there would be a day like this. No, there’s no way I can let this fucking go. Even if the entire kingdom is backing Graudin I’ll definitely cut him down. Just give me some time……]

Brendel’s thoughts were interrupted when he detected a piercing rust-like stench in the air. The slight wind picked up and made it stronger, while a sudden scream from Amandina occurred behind him. He wanted to turn behind and asked her what was wrong, but he caught a glimpse of an oddity on the path back to the city.

That familiar path had rows of human-sized crosses on each side, leading back to the city’s streets below. There was no one walking in the streets—

Because they were cruified to the crosses.

From their appearances, it seemed that they were adventurers, hired mercenaries and the citizens in the city. Men and women were not spared; everyone had their throats slit, leaving behind lifeless corpses.

This was an old practice in the continent. Lords would crucify the bandits onto to a cross as a warning to those who would turn to robbing.

Who was Baron Graudin warning with this display?

No, it was not just him. He was warning all the angry adventurers and foreign mercenaries in the city, that he was the lord of this territory.

A bloody warning indeed.

“Well done—” Brendel said through clenched teeth. His legs nearly turned around but he resisted doing so.

Scarlett and Amandina glanced at him when they saw the display in the streets, but Brendel’s footsteps started once again without saying anything else. The rest of them followed his back in silence. When they were near their inn, he suddenly saw a human figure hesitating in a corner before he slipped away into an alley.

[It’s him?]





He immediately chased after that figure and followed him into the alley.

“My lord?” A few of his men called after him in surprise.

When he entered the alley, he immediately saw a young man with a monocle on his right eye. The latter stopped walking when he heard Brendel’s footsteps, and slowly turned around.

“Lord….. Brendel, is it?” The youth said with a dour expression.

It was the same young man whom Brendel recognized as an apprentice wizard, and also a party member of the swordsman’s group this morning.

Brendel nodded but the young wizard did not continue speaking, and both of them fell into an uneasy silence. He saw that the latter’s eyes were bloodshot with rage even though he did not show it in his face.

“…… My lord, my name is Alistair. I remember you asked me this morning if I wanted revenge? If I told you I want to—” The wizard gritted his teeth as he took a pause: “My lord, can you show me the way to do so?”

Brendel did not answer.

“The mercenaries and adventurers in the city have the same thought. The blood feud between Graudin and us has been set in stone.” Alistair stared at him: “If my lord agrees to help us, we will work for you—”

But Brendel shook his head, and Alistair’s face fell.

“Are you absolutely certain that you want revenge?” Brendel said after a long pause, rubbing his forehead.

Life went back into Alistair’s eyes, but he took time to think about Brendel’s words before he nodded resolutely.

“Then make sure you stay low and don’t get into any further trouble with Graudin.” Brendel’s fist went to his heart: “I promise I will help you take revenge but now is not the time. I will send word to you when I’m ready.”

“Wait, my lord!” Alistair called out after Brendel as the latter turned around and left the alley.

Brendel’s men were waiting at the entrance of the alley. They had guessed a little as to what had happened when they saw the crucified bodies and Alistair.

“Brendel.” Romaine called out to him. She went in front of him and stared at his eyes. “Are you sad?”

The youth finally stopped and looked at her in surprise. When he heard her words he felt that he realized that his fury was overwhelming the pain in his heart. He almost teared up as he lightly patted her head.

“Thanks.” He said in a wistful voice.

“Eh,” Romaine frowned as she moved away his hand and asked curiously: “But I haven’t even done anything yet—”

“…… Did Amandina ask you to come over to talk to me?”

“How did you know?”

Brendel sighed and shook his head. When he turned around, he saw Amandina rushing over with her fingers raising her dress.

“Are you angry with me, my lord?” Amandina stopped in front of him and asked.

“You did nothing wrong.” Brendel rubbed his forehead as he spoke.

“But you’re still angry with me?”

“Yes.”

“Why is that?”

“Miss Amandina, as you very well know, this world isn’t black or white nor is it simple. I know you meant to tell me that Count Randner is the highest authority in the southern borders of Aouine. His forces are no smaller than that of any dukes, and his private army is powerful enough to make anyone who dares to resist him shiver in fright. Even dukes will only act against him in the shadows.”

He took a deep breath and brushed his hair back: “Not to mention our small group who is nothing more like ants to him. You might even say that a single order from him is enough to kill us all.”

“But?” Amandina asked solemnly.

“This is not a reason for me to back down. If you ask me to choose between duplicity or violence, I will choose the later. I will not accept Graudin’s ‘Gift’ with a hypocritical smile; I will choose a path of steel and blood.” Brendel unsheathed his sword and pointed it to Graudin’s manor: “You asked me the reason why. The reason is simple, miss Amandina. It’s simply because I am Brendel.”

He looked back at Romaine: “Brendel, who came from Bucce.”

Romaine immediately winked at him mischievously and gave a curtsy.

Amandina was slightly awed by his words but she quickly regained her sense: “But there’s possibly a better choice. I understand your thoughts, my lord, but the dead has no power to speak amongst the nobles! We are not just facing Baron Graudin and his family, there’s also Madara to worry about—”

There was a fire that was stoked within her heart from Brendel’s words but her eyes were also full of worry.

“That would be my problem, miss Amandina. Regardless of Graudin, count Randner, or even the entire Madara army.” He looked back at Graudin’s large manor. “Since we’re going to face each other sooner or later, I’ll be ready for them.”

He said, and continued to walk back to the inn.





Scarlett tightened her grip on her long spear when she heard Brendel’s speech as she followed him.

Amandina’s eyes followed his back with worry but there was a newfound respect for him in her heart. At the same time, she began to think about the number of enemies they were going to face. No matter how she looked at it, there was no way for a small group of men to go against the hundreds and even thousands of soldiers Graudin had at his disposal.

=============== Graudin’s POV ============

There was a loud smash and crazed yelling. Pieces of white porcelain were shattered across the ground.

Graudin was throwing his belongings in his study in absolute fury regardless of how valuable it was after Brendel and his men left.

Rothko and Kabias had already left the manor. At this point of time, even if count Randner was found to have an alliance with Madara, there would not be any repercussions to him because of the chaos in the capital. However, his reputation would fall beyond unsavory if people found out he worked with the undead.

The people left beside him were his two male lovers. This was the reason why he could openly vent all his anger.





“Viscount Gaston, Viscount Gaston, god fucking Viscount Gaston, damned these fucking Northern bastards!” He yelled at the top of his lungs.

If Brendel’s forces did not appear to be as strong as he was, he would have ordered all his men to attack him and cut off his head. He did not care even if he had to go to war with another family.

One of the male lovers saw an opportunity to come up to him when Graudin was taking a respite to gain his breath: “My lord, since they already left the manor, do you want to gather your soldiers and kill him—”





TL edit: Bit of trivia on medieval research, R18 warning, make sure to click only if you are certain of it—





Show more

I can’t believe how much text is written about medieval sexual orientation. Like why only the missionary position is the only position allowed. Lol. And sodomy (note it doesn’t matter if it’s female or male) is apparently worse than prostitution.

Things that date back even further in Rome was how it was okay for a high class noble to penetrate male or female without any loss of status, but getting penetrated would probably result in a loss instead.

“Penetration and power were highly correlated with the rights of the ruling elite in Roman society. It was acceptable for members of the less powerful group to surrender to penetration by members of a more powerful group. Thus, penetration was associated with a man’s power and authority, and was not regarded as either a homosexual or heterosexual act.” – Excerpt from wikipedia

The greatest reason as to why and how sex was controlled in the medieval era was pretty much due to the church which was pretty powerful. Since this world hardly has a doctrine to speak of and considering the goddess favors the undead and the living equally without bias…… Well I don’t want to think about it. Too much effort. Just know that this particular world probably does not frown on gender-based sex.





* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 141




TL: Hey guys.

Edit: Stuff has been cleared up to have a cleaner page.



Chapter 141 – Warm words of Hope (3)

The other male lover lowered his voice and added: “He might be a viscount, but surely their family’s influence has limited reach over the south. I had sent men out to investigate his family name and he comes from Baltha, the furthest northern region in the kingdom.”

“Are you stupid?” Graudin said. Even though he was in a rage his mind was unaffected by it. “Who do you think we can send after him? That skeleton said that bastard is at least a Gold-ranked swordsman, and the red-haired woman by her side most likely has the same strength as well. Do you think my troubles are still not enough?”

“I apologize, my lord. I had failed to consider his strength.”

“Then perhaps we can close the city gates and force them to stay here while we send word to the assassins in the capital?” His other lover said.

Graudin took in a deep breath before he kicked him: “Halfwit! Should I send you out to close the gates? Perhaps he would cut you down as well!”





The latter screamed in pain and shook his head.

“Perhaps we can try to get the Skeleton Lord and his undead army to attack him? Are they not our allies?” The other lover who was still standing said.

“They won’t act on this matter. Aouine and Madara had just signed a treaty, and they won’t risk a war with any noble families at this point of time. Even though I don’t know what their undead commander is doing here, I don’t think they will leave the city easily.” Graudin said.

There were other words that did not leave his lips. His family and Madara were both using each other. This alliance in the dark would never see action in the open. Randner was allowing Madara to attack the other southern regions in order to bolster their own forces.

This was the secret between them.

He did not tell his kept lovers about this. He looked at them and shook his head, touching the injury on his cheeks and said bitterly: “But I’m not going to let this matter slide. I will absolutely get my revenge on that bastard. My father might not be willing to go to war with another family, but I’m going to see if he’s capable of protecting his companions—”

His smile was a twisted curl of his lips: “Get me a pen and some paper, I’m writing a letter to the count.”

“Understood, my lord.”

Both of his lovers bowed and prepared to leave, but at that moment the door opened and a dark figure entered the room like a snake.

“My lord, the matter you assigned to Kerri is finished. I have just received their message—”

Graudin took a moment to understand the figure’s words because of his anger, but he quickly nodded and said through clenched teeth: “Good, then bring that thing and my letter over to my father. I don’t think he will refuse this small request of mine.”





When he saw that the figure was still there he spoke again: “What else do you have to report?”

“My lord, the situation within the city looks unstable, I’m afraid those mercenaries will……” He said in a low voice.

“Ignore them. Even though the Madara undead monsters won’t help me with the viscount they won’t let these rebels get to me. I know this point better than you do.” Graudin waved his hand: “Take a rest. If the mercenaries are still rowdy I’ll teach them a lesson again—”

The figure nodded and left the room quietly.

=========== Brendel’s POV ===========

Amandina wanted the rest of the day to pass by quietly, but it seemed like the world was not going to let her wish come true. The situation kept spiraling out of control and beyond her calculations.

Firbugh was no longer safe to stay when they fought with the city’s lord. Even though Brendel was not afraid of Graudin he still had to consider the possibility of Madara backstabbing him. They had most likely realized he was the one who had led the refugees out. He was probably on Incirsta’s kill list.

Kabias might hold back for now because of his status as a viscount, but that identity was ultimately fake and would not last forever.

Leaving Trentheim as soon as possible was the best decision. However, just three hours after they left the city, they met with a group of cavalry directly under Graudin—

Kerri was surprised at the group of people in front of him. His face was angular, had a pointed chin, with prominent cheekbones. His cunning eyes were spaced apart and set under a faint pair of slightly raised brows, looking almost like a hyena. He looked at the women within the group with lustful eyes.

[Marsha above, these woman are beautiful! Even the lord’s women are not as good-looking as them.]

The man who was widely known as the Jackal, rubbed his eyes and pinched himself in order to test whether he was dreaming. The women he saw in the territory were mostly weathered and thin, or were whores who lurked nearby the inns. This was the first time he saw so many women with such beauty and elegance.

[If I can send them all to my lord, wait, maybe keep one secretly for myself—]

He licked his lips and checked out the group of mercenaries who were following a young man. This was not the first time he attempted something like this, and he had previously sent the sister of the group’s leader to Graudin.

[Even though these ten-odd mercenaries look like they are Iron-ranked fighters, they should be doable with my riders. The fools who resisted me the last time had even more……]

The hundred-odd men behind him perked up their heads when he lifted his morning star.

[It looks like that young man has pretty good clothes on him, probably a small-ranking noble. These nobles who travel to Trentheim are really fools. Do you really think that a ‘noble’ title is going to help when you come to the desolate borders of Aouine?]

“Boys, let’s go greet our prey.” He said and rode out.

The men behind him snickered with leering faces and followed him. Before long, they reached Brendel and the Jackal yelled at him.

“Who are you lot?” His voice was as grating as the bellows used in a forge: “Do you not know whose territory you are in? If you dare to carry your weapons so openly, are you—”

He wanted to say ‘bandits’, but the word suddenly stuck in his throat. The young man in front of him was looking at him strangely as though he was looking at an idiot.

“All of you came over from the Viridien village?” Brendel asked, acting like he had not heard the Jackal’s question.

Kerri recovered from his daze and immediately roared with anger.

“You bastard, who the fuck do you think you are talking to? Do you even know who we are? Lord Graudin’s personal city guards. I suspect you are bandits outside Firbugh, and I order you to lay down your weapons and come with us! If I give my order to my men to attack, there won’t be any mercy!”





“So?” Brendel said.

“How dare you speak back……” The Jackal did not hear the suppressed killing intent that was leaking out from Brendel’s lips. Perhaps he did not expect the group of Iron-ranked mercenaries would resist him, and there was also the fact behind him were blood-thirsty mercenaries who were paid handsomely for their skill. “I’m giving you a final chance. If you offer me your women right now, I might be kind enough to just let the rest of you go.”

His men laughed when they heard their commander’s words.

Amandina did not feel the slightest bit of anger. It was the complete opposite. She had seen enough of the nobles’ private troops acting to what the man in front of her did, but she still sighed as she looked at Brendel.

That youth was about to unleash the anger he suppressed in the baron’s manor. His right hand was released from his sword’s hilt, clenched and unclenched once before it hung loosely beside him. He tilted his head and said one word at a time: “You asked me who I am, right?”

The Jackal paused and wondered if the man in front of him was crazy, but he subconsciously gripped his morning star tighter as he felt something was amissed.

“I wonder if you have heard of this story before.” The youth said.

“Story?”





“The story of an idiot and an unhappy person.”

Everyone looked at him with furrowed brows. Brendel was looking so serious they thought that there was something to his words, but they realized he was mocking the man in front of him after a moment.

“In the story that unhappy person takes off the idiot’s head.” Brendel said. His hand suddenly reached for his sword and a flash of light suddenly appeared and disappeared. “Like so.”

“You fucking—” The Jackal wanted to order his men to attack but he suddenly froze.

He had a shocked expression on his face before his head slid off his body and fell down from the horse.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 142




TL:



TL: Changed Green Village to Viridien village (there’s already a green village very early in the series). This chapter is shorter than usual.

Chapter 142 – Warm words of hope (4)

The battle was over quickly.

Even though the enemy riders fought Brendel’s mercenaries on equal grounds in the beginning, the situation quickly turned to a one-sided slaughter when Brendel and Scarlett joined in the battle.

Silver and red flashes shot into the riders’ formation as Element powers were fired repeatedly, and from the sky it looked like an ice dragon and lightning dragon were gobbling up the riders.

When they realized they could not defeat Brendel and his men, they quickly yelled in terror and fled in all directions However, they were unable to escape Brendel and Scarlett’s pursuit. Thirty minutes later, all the riders were killed and their corpses were scattered all over the plains.





Brendel did not summon Medissa because he wanted to hide his true strength or the battle would have been over much quicker. There was no telling if there were Madara scouts following him.

He sat at a distance away from his men regained his composure after the battle while they cleaned up the battlefield. He realized that his newfound strength was not something temporary and had lasted all throughout the battle. There was no doubt that he had gained enough stats to be on par with a level 40+ Gold-ranked fighter.

[The duel with my grandfather increased the skill of my swordsmanship before. I had wondered if this was how a NPC leveled up their skill or was it a quest reward? I initially thought I needed to do some related quests to unseal my Element but it seemed like it’s not necessary now. Typically most NPCs are stuck at the Gold-ranked tier because they are unable to unseal their Element powers…… I’ll open up the Stats Window to be sure—]

His eyes went wide when he saw the information displayed in front of him.

[I’m still level 32— but my stats have increased by thirty percent?! What happened?]

He immediately switched the menus rapidly before he suddenly froze and went back a few pages.

– Brendel (Level 32 Human Male Elite NPC, Strength-type: Physical, Close combat)

He looked at his name for a few moments and blinked stupidly. He finally realized that he possessed both the special quality reserved for a NPC as well as a system for gamers. He could raised his skill proficiency by points or increase it by ‘special events’.

[Are you serious? What would the next title would be? Unique NPC? Boss NPC? Elite Boss NPC?]

He complained to himself when he realized he was becoming something like a monster who had special attributes. One day he might have some crazy ‘Final Boss Form’ while changing three or four times to get there…..

He suddenly jerked his head left and right; perhaps there was going to be a 25 men raid party that was going to appear out of nowhere in the future. The entire thing was too surreal.

[…… Well, is there any stat resistances or elite skills available?]





He changed the menu once again and discovered three new ability slots under his character sheet.

– ??? (Level 45)

– ??? (Level 47)

– ??? (Level 60)

He immediately guessed that these abilities were locked until he reached the appropriate level, and it was probably necessary to add skill points into them before he could use the skills.

[The skills of an Elite are not that impressive. Even the stat resistance bonuses are about the same as wearing a cloak or something. Maybe if I get a Boss NPC title and above…… Then things would be different.]

His eyes were so focused and cross-eyed on his new title that he looked silly.

[If I gained the title ‘World Boss’….. Then he would go beyond any gamer could possibly go. N-no. The probability of a NPC entering a gold rank and unsealing their Element power is low enough. Reaching the peak of the pyramid is impossible, otherwise gamers wouldn’t have controlled the continent in the end game of The Amber Sword.]

It was a possibility regardless of how small it was, a voice inside his head said, but he quickly regained his senses and checked his Element menu instead.

Two words described his Element powers.

– Frozen. Stability.

There will be more words to describe his Element power when he had more power to try and break the barrier down. After the barrier was broken he would be capable of using the Laws of his Element power.

Element Points, Element Abilities and Aura. A fighter with an unsealed Element power would possess these three qualities, and he would be perceived as someone who was beyond a normal human.

[In the game, a low tier Gold-ranked NPC must possess two conditions: Their overall power rating must cross over 100 and they must be able to sense their Element power. It’s not too difficult to clear the first condition and most people with some talent is capable of achieving it, but they would stop and end as the highest tier Silver-ranked NPC if they are unable to sense their Element power. An Element is based on the Laws of this world. If one is unable to see and manipulate the lines that connect them to the Laws, then they will never be able to reach the barrier of their Element Power.]

Brendel reflected on his NPC body. Wizards, Priests and even Knights NPCs had a much easier time to find the lines connecting to the Laws of their Element powers. A NPC with a warrior profession and unsealed Element Power was almost non-existent. Buga was amongst the rare few who naturally gained his unsealed Element as his level increased.

[I can’t even think of any warrior NPC who’s able to sense his Element Power with an event at such low levels. And the description of my Element is strange. If the words describing my Element is Cold or Ice, or even Northern Wind or water, I won’t be so puzzled. The appearance of my Element might look like it has something to do with Ice, but no matter how I think about these two words in the game, it’s actually related to Time and Space.]

Was it an Ice Element or Time and Space Element?

Even though the Ice Element was one of the four highly prized Elements in the game, the Time and Space Element was rated Legendary.





When he was still pondering, he caught the figures of Amandina and Romaine behind his stats window walking towards him. He dismissed the system and paused for a moment when he saw them holding hands with a timid little girl looking at him—

She appeared to be no older than ten and had braided green hair.

[A Senia citizen?]

He frowned slightly. The Viridien village was the only southern village in the Trentheim region, and these Senia citizens who lived there were short humans who descended from the Forest Wildlings. They were quite friendly with the druids in the forest, but because of their wild nature they were perceived as barbarians.

These Senia citizens were isolationists and stayed at the very edge of the forest, refusing to submit to Aouine. Most of the local lords ignored them, but there were a few who tried to use violent and bloody means to make them submit.





Graudin was amongst the latter.

[But why did that bastard want to capture a little girl like her? The nobles hate to have anything to do with the Senia citizens; it is considered a grave insult if the citizens even touch their clothes. Commoners look down on them. But it is true that the Viridien village is my next stop.]

The youth rubbed his head subconsciously.



TL: This chapter has a ridiculous amount of Element talk. If any of you guys can’t understand the stuff here, just leave a comment and I’ll spend more time thinking of better terms. Also, there won’t be a chapter tomorrow because I need to collect some documents.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 143




TL: Hey guys.

Edit: Stuff has been cleared up to have a cleaner page.



Chapter 143 – Warm words of Hope (5)

The little’s girl clouded emerald eyes seemed to bring forth a certain vigor in her body. She wore a grey flaxen dress but was barefooted, while her thin arms looked almost like they were malnourished. Each of her hands were linked to Amandina and Romaine’s hands as they walked side-by-side. When she walked towards Brendel she bit her lips nervously and looked up at him.

Her green hair were like newly sprouted vines covering her dusty face. Even though her eyes were weak and timid, she did not shy away from his gaze, rather, she was studying him carefully.

“And who might this be?” He said.





[Emerald-like eyes only belong to Forest Elves and pure-blooded Senia citizens, but her green waist-long hair is remarkably striking— The only NPC I have ever seen with such green hair is the Avatar of Forest.]

“Scarlett rescued her from the riders. She might have been kidnapped from the nearby village.” Amandina answered as he lowered her head and carefully combed the little girl’s hair.

“Do you know she’s a Senia citizen?” He suddenly said.

“What’s a Senia citizen, Brendel?” Romaine asked with blinking eyes.

“A Senia citizen?” Amandina’s hand drew back momentarily and hesitated, but eventually went back to comb her hair. The little girl looked up at her and saw the latter had complicated expressions.

There were many rumors about these ‘Green Folks’. One of the highly circulated rumors was this: The Senia citizens carried a disease that turned people into beasts. Most humans did not want to come into contact with them, and nobles were even more loathed to go near them. In certain areas, some extremists even support burning these pagans in order to prevent these supposed disease from spreading.





“What’s your name?” Brendel ignored Amandina’s reaction, softened his tone and asked the little girl.

He was indifferent to the different races. The Senia fled to the south in the forest some seven or eight hundred years ago to avoid the Dragon of Darkness while the other races participated in the battle to fight for their freedom. Civilization progressed while the Senia lagged behind because of their isolation.

The various races thought they deserved the discrimination they had.

The little girl did not respond.

“She doesn’t understand our language.” Amandina answered.

Brendel was not surprised. He nodded and straightened up his body: “That’s fine, I can roughly guess where she’s from, but I’m a little puzzled.”

Amandina nodded to agree with him. Graudin’s private soldiers must have realized the little girl was a Senia, and it must have been great mercy to spare her from death. Even if this was some other land outside Trentheim, it was legal for the army to execute a Senia citizen.

Brendel took a few steps forward and surveyed the land around him.

“We’re sending her to the Viridien village.” He said.

“The Viridien village? Where’s that?”

“It’s a Senia village. It’s the south of here, approximately half a day’s journey.” Brendel took up a sword from one of the riders. He pulled the sword out, inspected it and replaced his sword which had been damaged during the fight at Graudin’s manor.

“What are we going there for?” Amandina frowned and lowered her voice to the point where it was out of the little girl’s reach: “My lord, we should just send someone to escort her back—”

Brendel waved her off.

“My lord! Do you really intend to go to their village? If anyone knows that we went to their land,” She lost her composure and blurted out. “Your reputation……”

She suddenly realized what she did and glanced at the little girl beside her. Even though she knew that the latter did not understand her words, she chose to stop talking.

“That’s enough, Miss Amandina. That’s where we’re going in the first place.” He said.

“What?” Amandina was completely shocked.

Valhalla. That was the place he was searching for. It was tremendous help to him that Mother Marsha had delivered the little girl to his hands. The Senia might be isolationists but they treated their true friends with great sincerity.

[Getting Valhalla’s location requires the Druids. This particular race chose to retire around the same time as the Silver Elves, and their presence have completely disappeared some three hundred and fifty years ago. The only possible way to get to them is have the Senia to contact them.]

“Brendel, who are the Senia?” Romaine asked again since she did not receive an answer.

“It’s a long story,” Brendel smiled and flipped her nose, causing her to scowl angrily as she retreated backwards. “The Elves called them At’zon, The Forest’s Children.”

“Lycanthropes?” Romaine’s eyes turned wide with curiosity: “I heard of this term before!” (TL: What the……. Green Fur Lycanthropes…….)

The young man suddenly felt a gaze on him and turned around. The little girl had an obvious reaction when he mentioned the word at’zon. He pondered for a while to ensure he did not make any mistakes in his plans before he ordered his men to set out.

The Viridien village was a foreign name to numerous regions and even local mapmakers. The latest edition of the political map made by the order of King Oberg listed a total of four hundred and fifty locations, but it did not mention the name either.

In the game, adventurers made their way to Karanjar’s mountainous region from their village and Brendel was one of them, but the sight he saw that day was different from today—

“These fucking bastards.” One of the Grey Wolves Mercenaries muttered under his breath.

They rode through abandoned farmlands with damaged fences. Gardening tools were broken and strewn everywhere, while the planted vegetables were trampled and ruined by the riders’ warhorses. It was quite easy to see how much effort and time the Senia had spent to clear the verdant forest in order to create arable land, only to have them completely ruined by Graudin’s men.

[When I came here in the game there wasn’t anything like this. It was a place that had dense foliage and trees with no signs of anyone living here at all.]

Brendel’s eyes glanced across the farmlands, almost able to see the nearby river there. He had a difficult time cross the forest back then because it was full of level thirty plant-type monsters.





The Grey Wolves Mercenaries glowered unhappily as they continued to ride. Their backgrounds were either hunters or farmers, and they regarded farming as something sacred because it was everything their families had.

“Stop advancing. Let’s enter this area and check for villagers.” Brendel suddenly said. He heard sounds coming from the inner farmlands.

His men followed his instructions and went around the damaged fence. They finally saw a woman wearing a tattered dress, covering her face and sobbing in front of the damaged vegetables.

Another man, perhaps her husband, was carrying a rake over his soldiers with a sullen look as he inspected the damage. When he saw Brendel’s men coming around the fence, he was initially startled before he placed the rake horizontally across his chest and yelled:

“Jora, get up and run! They’re back!”

He lunged at the young man in front of him with a bellow. However, Scarlett urged her horse forward and used her lance to sweep across the enemy’s legs. He immediately stumbled and fell forward onto his face almost comically. She frowned and instantly realized the man in front of her was just a simple farmer. She quickly dismounted in order to help him up, but the woman behind him ran up and blocked his body with her own.

“Please, have mercy and spare my husband. Yol, run away!”

But the man did not have the intention to do so. He pulled Jasa back and tried to attack Scarlett with another savage yell and bloodshot eyes. However, before he even took a step forward he found a lance already at his throat. He stared at the girl’s cold amber eyes and shivered subconsciously.

His movements faltered and stopped.





“Fool.” Scarlett’s voice was cold. “You can’t even discern the difference between us.”

She lowered her lance slowly before she suddenly swung it to the sides. There was a flash of lightning that seemed to dim the surroundings because of its brilliance, and when it was over a black pine tree was sent crashing to the ground.

Brendel’s men merely watched the scene unfold. They did not have a good impression of the Senia, and Romaine was about the only person who looked at them with curiosity and neutral feelings.

The man named Yol finally seemed to understand their difference in strength. He did not understand why Scarlett did not kill him, but strength left his legs and he wanted to fall backwards and sit down. A voice suddenly rang out in the midst of the mercenaries.

“(Uncle Ulf!)” The little girl spoke in a different language.

His head jerked towards the direction of the voice, almost disbelieving his ears. When he turned around, he saw the little girl in the embrace of a pretty woman looking curiously at him.

“Sifrid, w-why are you here, didn’t they take you away…..?” It was Jasa who spoke in astonishment.

“(Uncle Ulf, these people saved me.)” The little girl’s voice were like crystal bells that rang in the wind.



* * *





Vol.2 Chapter 144




TL: Hey guys.

Edit: Stuff has been cleared up to have a cleaner page.



Before I forget, I found a pretty interesting thing on desktop a few days ago. I’m using windows 10, and there’s this Magnifier Tool (you can call up by pressing “windows button and + button” at the same time). Press “CTRL ALT I” and you invert all colors, repeat the command and you go back to the original state. So if you’re having problems with reading on a white background, try doing that.



Volume 2 Chapter 144 – Warm words of hope (6)

The bodies of the dead were covered with a layer of leaves, and were lined up in the village’s square in front of Goddess Nia’s statue. A crowd observed in silence while an elderly priest performed a rite for the dead.

The difficulty of life had become part of Senia’s citizens dating from a few centuries back. The weak race was powerless to resist the forces around them, and they could only choose to retreat further into the dark forest. Cold, hunger and monstrous creatures greeted them and brought about the threat of death everyday.

Everyone looked to the oldest elder amongst them, one whom they regarded as the most experienced in life and the best leader they could have in trying times. The leaders had always managed to lead the citizens of Senia out of difficult situations in history. However, their wise elder was now hunched in defeat with melancholic eyes.

The old man leaned against the cane in his hand, with each wrinkle in his face seemingly casting a dark shadow over him. His sigh of lament was just loud enough for the dark-skinned middle-aged man with a short beard beside him to walk off with a huff.





“Uncle Brynjar, where are you going?” A tall youth beside the old man immediately yelled after him.

“I’m going to take Sifrid back by force!”

“Please calm down!” The youth urged: “Uncle Brynjar, what can you possibly do by yourself? Are you trying to head to your death?”

“I promised Sassa to take care of her….. Even if I’m heading to my death I still have to go and rescue her!” The middle-aged man was stubborn.

But he also knew that it was a remark made out of anger. He turned away with clenched fists, and every muscle on his body was taut with anger.

“Byrnjar, restrain yourself,” The elderly leader finally spoke, and sighed: “Sassa is my daughter. Sifrid is also my granddaughter. I am just as upset as you are….. Once the winter is over, we’re moving to the forest.”

“And what about Sifrid? How about the others? Are we not going to take revenge?” He whirled around to the elderly man with bloodshot eyes.

The villagers were silent with bowed heads.

He scoffed at them and left. The elderly leader sighed deeply again as he looked at Brynjar’s back. He knew that the latter was not going to find the nobles and seek revenge. None of the male villages would turn their backs for the greater good of this tribe. It was their responsibility.

However, Brynjar’s departure still caused a deafening silence amongst the gathered crowd. There was nothing they could really do. Their greatest warrior was a mere Silver-ranked brawler, and one man was no match for the army of the terrifying Baron Graudin.





The silence did not last for long as the priest started his ritual rites again but was soon interrupted by a man running in with clumsy footsteps—

It was Ulf who was in charge of guarding the outer areas of the village.

The crowd tensed up when they recognized him, wondering if the vicious soldiers were back to attack them again. They already took Sifrid, were they back for more of them?

“Ulf, what’s wrong?” The old man said when the panting Ulf stopped in front of him. Even though he maintained his calm demeanor for the sake of his tribe, his fingers gripped his cane tightly to the point it was trembling slightly.

“S-Sifrid…… She’s……” Ulf’s words came in breaks as he forced air into his lungs. His pale face looked as though he saw a ghost.

“Sifrid?” The elderly leader’s expression turned grim and immediately demanded for an answer: “What happened to her?”

“She has been rescued……”

“What?”

=========== Brendel’s POV =============

The news of the little girl being rescued were quickly spread throughout the village.

But Brendel felt a little awkward from the villagers’ treatment.

He did not expect them to give him a cold shoulder. Even though he didn’t hope to get gratitude, he did save the little girl after all. The gazes that he received from them were of suspicion and fear. They felt such eyes upon them at every moment ever since he and his men arrived in the village.

The man named Ulf returned to receive them and brought them to the biggest house in the village. He explained to them the Elder was going to come over very soon, and cast a complicated and nervous glance at them before he left the house and shut the doors.

Once he left, the Grey Wolves Mercenaries were the first to be vocal about their discontent.

“They are insulting us with their attitudes!”

“Indeed, we should not have come here if this is supposed to be our treatment.”

“There’s no reasoning with these barbarians!”

They complained bitterly but they did not go overboard with their words. Their lord had already stated that their original destination was this village. However, they did not understand why they were here in this remote area, and glanced at Brendel with puzzled looks from time to time. Even Amandina did the same thing, but with the addition of resentment in her eyes.

Brendel had a wry smile.

“You would feel much more better if you are less biased to them.” The youth sighed and had no choice but try and soothe them.

“But my lord these are the people who fled during that war.” The younger Wild Elf sister blurted out with a clear voice. She had been following him closely because she discovered he seemed to have limitless capability to handle problems.

“Dia!” Her older sister yelled. She had cautioned her younger sister multiple times not to interfere with the living world multiple times but she never seemed to listen. She glanced at her lord’s expressions but it seemed like he did not care.

“I care little about their sentiments to us, my lord, but……” Amandina shook her head.

“Yes, I know. My reputation.” Brendel said.

“If you understand this point, my lord……”

“And it means little to me.”

“My lord!”

A knock interrupted Amandina’s protest. Brendel nodded to a mercenary nearest to the door, indicating for him to open it. The latter straightened up and placed his hand over his sword as he walked cautiously over to the door to open it—

The door was opened but there was no one outside. The mercenary looked surprised.

“What’s wrong?” Brendel asked.

That mercenary turned around with a strange expression and stood aside from the door. There was a basket of fruits outside. It looked like they were freshly plucked as there were still green leaves and dew on them.





The mercenaries looked at the fruits in surprise, before their faces turned to awkward expressions. Did the person who delivered the fruits overhear their words?

Brendel sighed again in his mind. The Senia might have been suspicious of them but they were definitely grateful for bringing back the little girl. The problem here was how deep the feud between the citizens of Aouine and Senia was.

“What should I do with the fruits, my lord?” The mercenary at the door asked.

“Bring it in.” Brendel said. His gaze went outside the house. The memories of the Viridien village in his memories were different; the Senia had completely abandoned this place a long time ago and it was overgrown with wild plants and trees.

But in this world, they were still here, despite the signs of fights and bloodshed that happened not long ago.

The statue of the Goddess of Hunting and Harvest, Nia, was present in the center of the village and undamaged. She wore a long leather coat and carried a shortbow over her back, while her hands held a basket of hunted game and fruits over her head.

Brendel shifted his eyes to their cottages made out of stone and wood with a reed thatch over the roofs. These were unlike the rumors where they lived in tents like barbarians. However, their old culture was mostly lost and their title of ‘Hunters of the Night’ was nothing more than a legend now.

But their ties with the Druids were still there and as close as it had ever been even from a few centuries ago.

When the door was closed, the Grey Wolves Mercenaries’ grumbles were silenced and they started reconsidering the difference between the Senia and the rumors about them.

Brendel did not have to wait very long as there was a knock on the door once again. This time it was the man he had been waiting for—

An elderly man who held onto a cane entered the house. Brendel immediately figured he was the leader of the village. Sifrid was standing beside a dark-skinned middle-aged man, most likely her father, and they came in together with the elderly man.

“My guests from faraway, I thank you humbly.” The elderly man bowed deeply and said.





“Please refrain from thanking us. This is something that we happened to solve in our journey,” Brendel did not have the chance to even get up when the elderly man spoke quickly. He frowned slightly and replied: “We have our own request to trouble you……”

The old man exchanged glances with the Sifrid’s father and he nodded: “Ulf has told me of your requests to enter the forest, my lord. It isn’t a troublesome thing for us.”

Brendel’s frown became a grimace.

[This Elder is starting off with a lie. Why is that?]

Entering the Dark Forest here was a dangerous thing. Even if his men were to enter it they had to be extremely careful and prepared. If the Senia went in deeper to the forest it would be no different from heading to their deaths.

“Who are you sending?” He asked with a raised eyebrow.

“I’m going.” The middle-aged man took a look at her daughter and at Brendel and his men, and said with resolution.

“(Father?)” The little girl raised her head and asked in surprise at once.

[Are you leaving your daughter behind…..?] Brendel’s surprise was palpable. He realized why the Elder said it was no trouble for them.



TL: I also have chapter 145 ready in about 3-4 hours.



* * *





Disclaimer





There is no guarantee the translation is 100% correct.



* * *



ASIANOVEL.COM wishes to emphasize that this translation is for review purposes only. We do not claim this intellectual property or any rights whatsoever.



* * *



Under no circumstances would you be allowed to take this work for commercial activities or for personal gain. ASIANOVEL.COM does not and will not condone any activities of such, including but not limited to rent, sell, print, auction.





