The World Online


TWO • 网游之全球在线





Earth Online – a virtual MMORPG that takes place in the future year of 2190 – a game that everyone will bet their futures on. Set in a map that is ten times the size of real-world Earth, players battle for supremacy in the first game to feature personal adventure, territory construction, and grand warfare. For every death you experience in the game, your level would drop back to zero. Ouyang Shuo, an above average player, suffered the ultimate betrayal. For merely a piece of equipment, his sworn brother betrayed and backstabbed him. This time, after he reincarnated in the game, Ouyang Shuo swore to exact vengeance.

However, in an unexpected turn of events, Ouyang Shuo found himself back five years before the betrayal – right before the launch of Earth Online. This time, armed with the knowledge from his past life, Ouyang Shuo would venture upon a new path.

How to perfectly complete quests? What historical battle maps would appear? How should one build up their territory? Utilizing the experience from the predecessors of his last life, Ouyang Shuo makes his bid for the top against all odds. Follow his journey as he seeks to lord over the world!

A different kind of tale that blends historical characters and virtual reality gaming, with heavy emphasis on kingdom building and warfare.



Author(s):Sheng Xiao Jian Ke, 笙箫剑客

Artist(s):

Year: 2016

Country: China

Genres:Action, Adventure, Fantasy, Harem, Martial Arts, Mature, Romance, Sci-fi

Tags:Accelerated Growth, Army Building, Beast Companions, Betrayal, Body Tempering, Business Management, Clever Protagonist, Determined Protagonist, Domestic Affairs, Doting Older Siblings, Futuristic Setting, Guilds, Hard-Working Protagonist, Hiding True Identity, Kingdom Building, Level System, Loyal Subordinates, Male Protagonist, MMORPG, Nationalism, Politics, Protagonist Loyal to Love Interest, Second Chance, Skill Books, Virtual Reality, Wealthy Characters, Younger Sisters

Translator(s):Gravity Tales, Imported



* * *



ASIANOVEL VERSION: 3.1

EPUB VERSION: 2.0

UUID: 1e4e39c0-2318-11e9-90ad-bda800c615b3

USER: Dohvakin

DATE CREATED: 2019-01-28

LANGUAGE: English



* * *



More info and chapters: https://www.asianovel.com/series/the-world-online





Chapter 1




Chapter 1 - Rebooting

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Levs

His mind still echoed with the events of the past, playing back over and over like some movie…

The sky was blood red, the battlefield torn and littered with broken arms and armor. Horses were screaming, almost human-like, and the wind was blowing, filling the air with the sickly sweet smell of spilled blood. Nobody was moving, they had settled into a tense confrontation. Life and death brothers that fought shoulder to shoulder a moment ago were now against each other in battle. In this moment, even the air seemed to have froze up.

Not far from the center of the fight lay the body of a large and hideous man, all stained with blood from a massive fight. He was Song Heitar, leader of the Black Wind House, a King-ranked expert, nineteenth on the most wanted list of the yamen. Below his corpse, the purple glow of a mighty treasure glowed around him, waiting to be claimed.

“Why?” Spoke a handsome young man, tall and straight, clad in strong armor and with powerful gear on him, holding his signature Cloud Dragon Halberd.

He was seriously injured, half kneeling on the ground, his bloody halberd keeping him upright as he leaned on it. Blood was pouring out of his chest, soaking into his armor. If one looked carefully, the wound was actually from a small, one-handed blade driven through his back into his chest, the handle broken off by a blow from his halberd.

Opposite him stood a middle-aged man, with a dark beard, thick eyebrows, and large eyes. The man wore a mithral chainmail, and held a golden lance, ready to fight at any moment. At the left side of his waist was an empty scabbard, cold and alone and seeming to shout out the cruelty of the reality of the situation.

“In order to live...a better life.” The hoarse voice of the older man responded. His voice was firm, as if less to respond to the question than to convince himself of his own actions. After saying these words, he stopped speaking, calmly watching the young man die before him.

“Ha, for that?” The younger man’s face was full of ridicule, pointing at the armor under the corpse. “Just for a Platinum-rank equipment, hahaha, really ridiculous.” His voice became cold and sharp.

“I really did not expect that it had such a magic, to mess with people’s minds like this. The one who’d always watched my back, my respected brother, turned and stabbed me for it. You were someone who was respected by everyone, and you gave up your dignity.”

He was very weak, but his black eyes were still clear and sharp. But now, there was a lingering sense of self-condemnation within them that had not been there before.

“Big brother, no matter what, in the end, it is only a game. One day, we will have to leave here and go back to the real world. I did not expect...the end of our brotherhood, five years of friendship, to be worth even less than a mere precious equipment drop in the game.”

“Sorry, Third Brother.” His voice was still calm and unfeeling.

“Hahaha! ‘Sorry’. Haha! So ridiculous. Big brother, this is the last time I will call you this. Greed is a sin; I do not blame you for it.” The young man became unusually calm, his face without a trace of emotion upon it. His eyes were as bright as the sea, boundless and fathomless.

Those looking on recognized that face, which earned him his nickname, the Two-Faced Shura. When he was cold, he was terrifying to his foes; when he was warm, to his friends he was as fresh as a spring breeze.

“But the next time we meet, I will kill you,” He said coldly to the older man.

He grabbed the sword impaling him, blood running from the palm of his hand. Face as calm as water, with no ripples upon it, he ignored the pain as he pulled. With a tearing of flesh, the sword was pulled free from his body. Blood sprayed out from his heart, a bloody flower gracing the battlefield for a quiet instant.

And the screen froze.

***********************

A bloody sky, a burst of blood sprinkling upwards towards heaven, so small, so stubborn. As if it were someone else, Ouyang Shuo silently watched as he fell to the ground and didn’t stand up again, bleeding out and finally dying.

This was not the first time that Ouyang Shuo had reincarnated, but this was definitely the most painful time. Reincarnation meant starting over from scratch. Unlike other games, in this one, you lose everything when you die. Your character level starting back from zero, and your equipment lost. It was the most cruel death penalty.

“I will not be defeated by this betrayal. I will get back everything that I have lost.” Thinking about his sister, whom he was waiting for to come back from the city, Ouyang Shuo put aside all the distractions, sealing this vow in his heart, and slowly opening his heavy eyelids.

Above him was a spotless white ceiling, the walls of the room were metallic and smooth, empty without anything on it. In addition to the bed he was on, there was no other furniture in the room, it was simple to the extreme. On the opposite wall from him there was a game poster, and that was it.

“This is...where?” Ouyang Shuo asked aloud, confused. This was certainly not the reincarnation hall. Rebirths always took place at the reincarnation hall. Rebirth at the hall had always been accompanied by the wailing of ghosts, surrounded by the calls of demons as he moved towards the light of a new life.

Had he been booted back to the real world? That wasn’t right, if he had come offline and back to reality, he should’ve been lying in the game cabin, rather than on a bed like now.

His eyes focused on that game poster without thinking, it was hard to look at anything else, and he was instantly stunned. The poster was too familiar, how could he not recognize it? It was the announcement poster of the game from five years ago.

The first game in history to feature personal adventure, territory construction, and grand warfare in internet history, Earth Online, is expected to enter official beta on January 1, 2190, so stay tuned!

Seeing that eye-catching propaganda line stunned Ouyang Shuo, rewinding back years in time with jarring suddenness. Five years ago, this was his home. Dormant memories flooded back across his brain, tearing him from the game world and back to Earth.

In 2170, abnormal fluctuations were detected in the Earth’s core. After three months of testing and observations, calculations by scientists from all over the world reached a terrifying conclusion: In thirty years or so, the core was going to explode. Molten magma would gush out of the mantle and incinerate all life on Earth. Earth was going to be like the Sun, a world of fire.

When the report was sent to the federal government, desperate panic ensued. Although space travel had developed well in the last two hundred years, such that mankind had been able to undertake long-range stellar exploration and wormhole crossings, humanity had not found another life-planet like Earth. The only extraplanetary base was on Mars, and could hold only a limited population while still needing support from the homeworld.

If Earth was going to be destroyed, mankind still had no place to live. After this disaster was confirmed, the government first turned to the idea of transforming Mars and making it more habitable. And then, a miracle happened.

The latest reports from the interstellar explorers had found a new life-bearing world out in the galaxy. The government didn’t have time to celebrate and instead planned out a great interplanetary migration plan in under three months.

The new planet was named ‘Hope’, as it was the last hope of mankind. In order to avoid widespread panic, immigration plans were kept strictly confidential.

The whole plan was divided into many independent parts, with different organizations and departments responsible. It could be said that except for the Federal President, no other person on Earth knew the complete plan.

‘Earth Online’ was an important part of the plan, functioning as a distraction and new hope for people to immerse themselves into. Naturally, the game put on layers of mysterious veils as it came about. The game’s planning and design, its ability to adapt and grow to accommodate countless numbers of players, and its claims for plotlines far exceeding the tired rehashing of serial TV series - nobody could get enough details to satisfy them.

The game’s template was built using the entire world as the template, with the area expanded tenfold. The game design team was only responsible for the coding architecture and game mode design, the specific game scenes and NPC were based on historical data for their templates.

The true design team would be the national historical archives, with all video content, text materials, and cultural artifacts scanned into the primary game host ‘Gaia’, the artificial intelligence that would oversee the game. Even the designers and programmers did not know the game outside of their specific tasks and design parameters.

Fifteen years later, in 2185, the first secret tests of Earth Online started, with all participants having to sign strict confidentiality agreements. Naturally, there was much competition for these initial testing slots, some of it even resulting in bloodshed, but this was all quietly hushed up.

In order to ensure the relative fairness of the game, Gaia generated a new land, and the measured map did not appear in the official game material. Through the closed beta, Gaia could observe the players’ game behaviors and NPC responses. Using the massive amount of first-hand observation data, Gaia kept analyzing and summarizing, constantly adjusting and perfecting the game settings.

Participation was carried out in batches, each session lasting for six months. Every time, the testers were different, and the game content was not the same. After four years and a total of eight closed betas, Gaia completely shut down the game for a full year of computations and deductive calculations, with January 1, 2190 scheduled for the official public beta. Nobody in the MMORPG industry, even insiders who worked on the game, were sure about what was going to happen.

On December 20, 2189, the Earth Online official website launched. It was divided into the standard three sections: database, mall, and forum. The database had only the basic information about the game architecture, and no detailed information about the game.

In the mall, the only commodity for sale was the game cabin, at a price of one hundred thousand credits. The expensive price discouraged a lot of the ordinary players. Coupled with the lack of game information, even with the issuance of posters and showing some graphics, the publicity for the game did not make a big impact, merely garnering some notes that it might be a little unusual.

As a reincarnator, Ouyang Shuo knew that the abnormal marketing was the result of a compromise between several involved parties and the federal president. The purpose was very simple, and that was to slow down initial enrollment into the game by ordinary players, so that their people gained early access and play advantages against later arrivals.

Of course, to gain such an advantage involved paying a heavy price. That price was high enough that even the most radical parties could not say anything years later when the truth was announced.

A knock on the door interrupted this river of memories in Ouyang Shuo’s head. “Brother, you big lazy bum, get up! Bing’er is hungry-hungry!”

Ouyang Shuo picked up the cell phone on his bed and looked at the time. December 28, 2189. This was three days before the game opened! What wonderful moments those were, everything was like a new life…

Everything in the past is a dream, let it die with the wind, Ouyang Shuo thought. After rebirth, his knowledge of the game and familiarity of the players and all their forces, coupled with his own good talent, Ouyang Shuo believed that as long as he put in the effort, he would be able to make a new world in the game, a shelter for his sister and himself.

In that world, he would never let his sister be alone. Not only that, he would let Bing’er become a princess in the game, a real princess.

“Bing’er, I’m waking up to make you breakfast!” Even Ouyang Shuo himself didn't notice that he had became so relaxed and happy.



* * *





Chapter 2




Chapter 2-3

Chapter 2 Sharing

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

Note: I use 'handbrain' in place of cellphone and personal computer to denote a personal and portable computer that is a step above and beyond a mere phone, appropriate for a tech society 200 years in the future.

And apparently KFC is still in business two centuries from now.



After Ouyang Shuo got up, his sleeping bed and covers quietly retracted back into the wall of his room, leaving behind not even a bit of furniture to be seen. It was a high technology society he lived in, everything was modernized and cleverly put together.

He was in the house of his parents, a fairly high-end residence. He came into the living room, and there his sister Ouyang Bing'er was waiting on the couch, pitifully looking at him.

Bing'er this year was only eight years old, wearing pink clothing and with chubby little cheeks that people could not help but pinch on impulse. She was wearing a ball cap with a black poncho shirt, tight pants, and had small feet with red shoes, so cute that his heart felt like it would burst just by looking at her.

"Brother is always lazy, he woke up later than Bing'er today! Shame-shame!" The little girl stood up after chiding him, her eyes circling as she snuck a glance or two at the door while trying to keep her clever look off her face.

The brother and sister were too familiar with one another, and with one look at her eyes, Ouyang Shuo knew what she was thinking. Today was the weekend, so he did not have to work. Yesterday he told Bing'er that he would take her to the playground to play. Because of that promise, the lazy her who needed his wake-up call every day, shockingly got up early. She even put on some kind of makeup.

Ouyang Shuo did not tease her, instead going to the sofa and sitting down. He then picked up the little girl and set her on his lap. He rubbed his chin on her forehead, provoking a giggle of laughter as his scruffy beard tickled her.

"Bad brother! You are bullying me…" Bing'er laughed.

"Well, today the pretty little princess is really beautifully dressed. I'll go make you some breakfast, and afterwards we will go down to the playground to play, okay?"

Hearing that her brother didn't forget his promise, the little girl smiled so hard her eyes were squinting, and gave him a happy kiss on the cheek.

Good times were always fleeting. He spent the entire day with her in the children's play park, taking her out to KFC afterwards to eat a whole bucket of chicken. Bing'er was so happy and excited after her wonderful day that she could not sleep. Finally, after reading her a third fairy tale, she finally fell asleep.

The night was now quiet. It was a good time for Ouyang Shuo to go over his past, and consider what he was going to do for his new future now.

He was definitely going to quit his job. Anyways, he had worked there for less than six months, and did not have any great loyalty to the place. As far as assets went, the most valuable thing he had was this house he was living in. His parents' bank account had lasted him throughout his university years, but it was running out.

This was also why he'd found a job quickly after graduating college. But in this highly mechanized and technology-driven era, more than 90% of the work out there had been replaced by machines. There were a lot of people who had no jobs and were unable to find work.

The government had been forced to develop a comprehensive social welfare system in order to insure everyone's basic safety and lifestyle. Now, a single institution, Skynet, had been put in place to monitor everyone and everything with a harsh and even eye. Its influence extended across all sections of society, and general crime had fallen greatly under the ever-watching eye of Skynet's monitors.

The bitter fruit of this was the division of society into two levels: the wealthy and politically connected, generally formed of large consortiums or families in political positions, and everyone else. It was a division of society that was difficult to overcome.

At the same time, the general age of the people was rising. Depressed young men and women were often unwilling to have children and put up with the additional costs and demands of parenthood, resulting in a negative worldwide population growth for the last twenty years. The global population had fallen down to under 1 billion people, and forty percent of them were elderly. Even in the densely populated areas of China, the total population was falling.

Right now, Ouyang Shuo didn't even have enough money to buy the game cabin for Earth Online. Fortunately, due to his rebirth, he knew what was coming, and so he had insights that others did not. Within a year after the interstellar immigration started, all the fixed assets and housing on Earth would become little more than wasted construction, worthless. Accordingly, he planned now to sell the house they were now living at, and take the money to rent a temporary house to live in.

With that in mind, Ouyang Shuo opened up his handbrain, the ubiquitous personal and portable computer everyone on Earth possessed now. Locating the official real estate trading site rapidly, he went to the quick sales channel, marked the price as 10% below the current market value, and immediately sold it off to the real estate transaction center.

An information society as advanced as this was very convenient. Ouyang Shuo didn't have to even leave the house, let alone go to a government office. Because all of his

personal information was stored in Skynet, as long as his handbrain could dual certify his fingerprints and retinal scan, it took only half an hour to complete the entire transaction. After he was done, Ouyang Shuo's account was promptly credited and grew by more than two million credits.

Taking advantage of the late hour and quietness, Ouyang Shuo began looking for the right rental housing online. Bing'er was still in primary reading school, so they couldn't move too far away, no farther than a nearby district. This was a bit difficult to work with. According to the advanced search parameters he had input, the system recommended a house in Tianyuan community which had three rooms and one living room, with a monthly rent of 3000 credits.

Coincidentally, Bing'er attended a school in Tianyuan community very close to that, making this even more convenient for Bing'er. But the house was shared, the lessor was not the owner himself, but a tenant, which made Ouyang Shuo a bit hesitant to accept.

Adopting an attitude of 'let's see what happens', Ouyang Shuo dialed the video phone. Appearing on the phone promptly was the image of a twenty-year old girl, with a beautiful oval face and willowy eyebrows. She looked like she'd just come out of a bath, with her hair wet, and was wearing a pink kitten style of pajamas, incredibly and unexpectedly cute.

Ouyang Shuo was more than a little embarrassed. After all, men and women living together was all well and good for the romantic serials on TV, but in reality was something that was very uncommon and rarely happened before marriage. However, this girl was the opposite of what was expected of women, immediately taking the initiative on him.

"Hello? Who are you? Are you looking for me for something?" she asked him.

"Hello! I was linked to you through the rental network. The rental information that I saw was very in line with my needs. I did not think you were a girl, I am sorry if this is inconvenient." Ouyang Shuo was ready to disconnect, having little hope of anything coming out of this.

"Oh!" she answered, a little surprised at him. "I have two rooms to rent here, but you are only a single person, this is a little strange…" She did not directly refuse, instead asking a reasonable question.

"Ha, I am sorry, I did not explain clearly. I have an eight year old sister; her school is near your location, so…" Ouyang Shuo said hesitantly.

Hearing that he had a young sister seemed to reassure the young woman a lot. "Oh, in that case, you look pretty honest, so I agree! It's almost the end of the month, you can help pay the rent, hee hee!"

It was so simply and unexpectedly agreed to, it caught Ouyang Shuo by surprise. He was wondering if he had unknowingly become much more charming and handsome to convince her so easily.

They discussed the specific rental matters, and through the network signed an electronic contract. Ouyang Shuo found out that the girl was named Sun Xiaoyue, and was a junior student at the Jiao State University Department of Architecture.

He agreed to move in tomorrow, and was about to hang up the call when he heard, "Hee hee, I'll finally have the money to pay the rent!" His ego and self-image took an immediate blow as he realized why she had agreed so quickly.

***************************

The next morning, Ouyang Shuo told Bing'er that they were moving. Bing'er found out that they were going to live with a beautiful big sister, and close to the school, so she had no objections. They spent all morning packing up their luggage and few belongings, and called a moving van to take them to their new home.

They arrived at Tianyuan community quickly, and actually found Sun Xiaoyue standing in the doorway, holding onto her handbrain and waiting for them. It was surprising that she was so courteous.

Bing'er was carrying her little pink bag and holding the hands of a tiger doll as she opened the door of the taxi. After getting out, she looked around fearlessly, not afraid at all of the strange new environment. Her expression was one of curiosity and mischievous intent.

Seeing the lovely little girl, Sun Xiaoyue's feminine heart was instantly touched. She quickly stepped forward with arms outstretched. "Wow, such a cute little girl! Come here, little sister, and let me hold you!"

Bing'er smiled and retreated a step, saying sweetly, "Beautiful sister, hello! My name is Ouyang Bing, sister you can call me like my brother does, Bing'er!"

Sun Xiaoyue was not embarrassed and did not hold it against Bing'er for ducking her embrace. Instead, she smiled and said, "Ouyang Bing'er, a good name. I am Sun Xiaoyue, you can call me Sister Xiaoyue. Does Bing'er like it here?"

"I like it, it is as pretty here as at our home, but there is a more beautiful sister here, Bing'er is very happy, hee hee!" Bing'er smiled back.

Sun Xioayue completely forgot all about Ouyang Shuo, tossing him out of her mind before directly taking Bing'er's hand to take her upstairs. Bing'er turned her head to look at her brother; he merely nodded, smiled, and indicated that she should go ahead. She quietly followed Xiaoyue upstairs.

Seeing Bing'er so adorable, Ouyang Shuo's heart was a bit jealous. Maybe, he thought, he could take her to Jiao State University and walk around with her, attracting a pretty girl who he could marry, hehe…

"Boss, move your things?" the driver of the moving van asked, interrupting his private fantasies mercilessly.

"Oh! Yes please, up to the fifteenth floor. Follow those girls in front of us, quickly!" Ouyang Shuo snatched up his suitcase and hurriedly chased after Sun Xiaoyue.

********************

Sun Xiaoyue lived in room 1503, and coming inside, his first impression was that it was very clean. There were

were three bedrooms, a main and two smaller ones; she was living in one of the smaller ones. Ouyang Shuo brazenly claimed the main bedroom, Bing'er living opposite him in the other small bedroom. After arranging their rooms, bringing in their luggage and other belongings, it was already five in the afternoon.

In order to express his gratitude to Sun Xiaoyue, and to celebrate their moving, Ouyang Shuo treated everyone to a good meal. After buying food from the local supermarket, 'mighty chef' Ouyang Shou even took over the kitchen to fix it.

He did the usual good food; fish, pork, sweet and sour pork ribs, boiled beef, roasted lungs, and seven or eight other dishes. All this cooking inspired little kitten Bing'er to slip into the kitchen in the middle of his labors, and her little hands snatched up the ribs to eat. However, she declared she was doing it to help him out and test the taste, so as not to shame him in front of her new elder sister.

After the sumptuous dinner, the three of them retired to the living room to sit around and chat, and gain a more mutual understanding of one another. Bing'er was lying on the couch, her belly bulging out. With her satisfied expression, she looked deadly cute.

"Xiaoyue, why do you have such a big house for rent?" After getting more familiar with one another, Ouyang Shuo had no scruples and directly asked this question to clear his heart of any doubts. This girl didn't seem like a wealthy person, muttering about not being able to pay the rent. But she still rented a house with three bedrooms, that was kind of stupid, right?

"Oh, big brother Ouyang, don't mention this, blame my two girlfriends who are off with their boyfriends. Originally the three of us signed the lease for this home, to live together until college graduation. Both of them have moved out to live with their boyfriends, leaving me here alone. In order to pay the rent, I had to rent out the rooms they were staying in. If you had not come in time to pay a share, I would have been eating instant ramen every day," she explained, with a resentful look in her eyes.

It seemed her irritation with her former roommates was quite deep, and she was quite willing to keep talking about them. Ouyang Shuo knew that continuing to ask about this topic was probably not a good idea, and quickly turned their chatter to more about school.

He had also graduated from Jiao State University, so he could actually be seen as Sun Xiaoyue's senior. Thus, they had a lot of things they could talk about. It was past ten o'clock before everyone finally retired to their own rooms.

Finally settled down, Ouyang Shuo knew he could start playing the game tomorrow, it was the fundamental part of his plan for his new life. With great expectations for the future, Ouyang Shuo fell asleep on the second night after his rebirth.

Chapter 3 - Creating a Role

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Levs

In the morning, Ouyang Shuo used his handbrain to access the Earth Online official website. He first went in and explored the forums, quickly finding out that there weren't many posts, and that most of them were complaining about how expensive the game cabin was.

A member called Siege Lion had made a post called the The Pros and Cons of the Personal Adventurer and Kingdom Building Path, which caught Ouyang Shuo's eye.

The post only used limited game data and previous gaming experiences, and Siege Lion noted that the Lord path required players to be adept at territory and resource management while at the same time needing a continuous investment of funds. He did not recommend it for the average player. Otherwise, it was far too easy to lose money without recourse if one's territory was captured.

Seeing such an accurate prediction, Ouyang Shuo suspected that Siege Lion was probably a beta tester. He wrote down Siege Lion's ID number, and then left the forums, heading directly to the mall area to buy the game cabin online.

The cabin had different models corresponding to different heights and body sizes that needed to be chosen. He rapidly completed the payment while online and was told that his new game cabin would be delivered that afternoon.

This wasn't some light novel where the MC had to wait in a long line under the hot sun to purchase the game. Nope, that was definitely a thing of the past. For more than a hundred years now, basically all product buying was now done online.

TL: Author is throwing shade at his previous novel Shura's Wrath, another novel on GT

At 3 PM, the doorbell rang with the delivery for his new cabin. The whole body of the cabin was a silver-gray color and was beautifully styled, sleek and advanced. Under Ouyang Shuo's direction, the staff quickly brought it upstairs and installed it into his bedroom.

Sun Xiaoyue was a bit surprised to see the delivery so quickly, but not overly so. After all, in this day and age, there were countless online virtual games. Thus, getting a game cabin to play games in was very normal.

The next day was New Year's Day. Ouyang Shuo spent all day playing with Bing'er. Xiaoyue also joined the playing, which drove Bing'er into a frenzy of excitement!

This was hardly unexpected, because Ouyang Shuo was normally very strict about Bing'er studying and learning. After all, no matter what era it was,

it was, knowledge should never fall behind.

The reason Ouyang Shuo was spoiling Bing'er so much was because he would have little time to do anything with her when he started playing. The early stages of the game required a lot of time investment to get a foundation built, so he wouldn't have much time to spend with her after the game began. For now, it was still the holiday, and he could spend some time with her.

*****************************

January 1, 2190, 8 PM. Thousands of players eagerly waited for Earth Online to officially open. Ouyang Shuo opened up his game cabin to see that the cabin was full of a half-solid gel, with a human-shaped depression at the middle. After laying himself inside the game cabin and stabilizing the pressure, the chamber sealed with a gentle hiss.

"(Ding), permission to access cyberlink?" a beautiful voice sounded from the computer.

"Permission granted!" he stated immediately.

"Connection established. Customer's personal identification information has been retrieved. May we bind your identity?"

"Go ahead!" A second later, Ouyang Shuo felt a sharp and small stab on his body.

"(Ding), personal DNA sample collection is completed and matches your personal information. May we open the nutrient pipeline to support long online playing times?"

"Open it!" A moment later, the nutrient solution tube stabbed itself into his left arm. The computer would monitor his condition at all times, and if his body emitted signs of being hungry, it would intelligently begin to start transferring nutrients to keep him alive and well.

"The nutrient solution channel has been opened. The game cabin is fully functional. Would player like to enter the game?"

"Yes!" A moment later, there was a rushing feeling, and Ouyang Shuo's mind left his body, involuntarily being sucked towards a colorful vortex in front of him.

When he opened his eyes, Ouyang Shuo looked around and found himself in an open-air pavilion, with no walls or roof. Only a light mist hung around him, and it was as if he had come to some kind of fairyland.

Standing in front of Ouyang Shuo was a very beautiful young woman. She had an exquisite face and curves in all the right places to send his heart pumping. Ribbons fluttered around her gently, giving her a cool and otherworldly temperament. She was simply the limit of the human imagination for a gaming avatar coming to life.

Legend had it that eighty percent of male players had fallen captive to the beauty of her scarlet dress. Even after his rebirth, it still took Ouyang Shuo a good ten seconds to wake up from his mesmerized stare. He knew that the fairy was actually the Skynet host AI Gaia's incarnation. He could only view it from a distance!

"Welcome to Earth Online. Please name your character. Names can only be composed of Chinese characters. No symbols or any other strange characters are permitted, and use of insulting words or terms is not allowed." The words coming off her red lips were sweeter than honey, extremely captivating...

"Qiyue Wuyi!" Ouyang Shuo replied immediately, electing not to use his ID from the past, but to take a new name. This poetic name, which was a part of a famous battle poem, for a character whose life would be spent in the battlefield, was extremely artistic, hehe!

TL: Qiyue Wuyi is a part of a Qin Poem that talks about how the officers and soldiers fought together.

"System Notification: Your name has satisfied the naming rules; it has not been previously chosen. You have successfully named your character! Please choose the game mode you will be playing in: Personal Adventurer or Kingdom Building. You may only choose one mode."

"Select the Kingdom Building mode," Ouyang Shuo said without hesitation. In the past, he had chosen the Personal Adventurer mode but this time would naturally be different. A year from now, the government would disclose the Convention Agreement, and disclose that Kingdom Building was the essence of the game. The representatives of the major powers had all chosen Kingdom Building as their model.

"Special Warning: Besides in times of war, Lords are not allowed to leave their territories. To compensate, players can have a Personal Adventurer profession."

'The Lords could not leave their territories' was only limited to the main system, which was also called the primary map. Battlefield maps, of course, had no such restrictions and lords could roam freely within them.

The Personal Adventurer mode was divided into Fighting and Lifestyle categories, each player could only choose one of the two. The classes for the Chinese region were Strategist, Officer, Knight, Alchemist, Healer, and Bailiff, so six professions in all.

The fighting classes weren't detailed much. Players could freely choose their cultivation method or weapons. The knight class for example, had access to nine close combat weapons, which were the dagger, sword, whip, mace, tonfa, hand axe, jo, war hammer, and morningstar, as well as nine reach weapons, which were the broadsword, spear, staff, axe, trident, pike, hook sword, lance, and halberd for eighteen total in all.

However, if a knight that used the sword didn't know any sword techniques, he would be very ineffective.

The lifestyle classes included normal jobs from all walks of life. The primary occupations were blacksmiths, tailors, physicians, architects, breeders, fishermen, farmers, veterinarians, winemakers, cooks, carpenters, masons, shipbuilders, and various others.

The lifestyle classes had no character levels, only skill levels. The lifestyle players would also not lose experience after death. It was a type of protection for those players.

"Select Officer." This was his former career in his past life, a familiar path.

"System Notification: Confirming class, generating character attributes, please review!"

Ouyang Shuo opened the stat panel to examine his personal attributes.

Name: Qiyue Wuyi

Title: None

Territory: None

Merit: 0/100

Nobility: No

Identity: Civilian

Occupation: Officer, Part-time

Level: 1 (0/100)

Reputation: Unknown (0/100)

Talent: Not open

Innate Ability: Initial values are randomly generated, maximum 20 points per stat, minimum 5 points per stat.

Friendly Notice: Innate attributes cannot be increased by

be increased by level-up points. They can only be increased by using special pills or cultivation methods.

Body Structure: 18 - Affects character toughness and survival, ability to adapt to environment and ability to store Qi.

Comprehension: 20 - Affects the speed and depth of learning cultivation methods.

Luck: 5 - Affects the frequency of unexpected windfalls and the chances of loss.

Charm: 8 - Affects first impressions with NPC's as well as the difficulty of resolving sudden interactions.

Acquired Attributes: Each character's stats start with 5 initial points. Each level gives two points to be freely distributed. Every five levels raises all stats by one point. The highest point value to a stat you can have is 100 points.

Command: 5 - Has a direct impact on combat effectiveness on the battlefield, how many troops can be commanded, how easily troops can be recruited, and response time for troops on a battlefield.

Force: 5 - Has a direct effect on the power of special attacks. Affects the chance of critical hits, ripostes, and how much the player's reputation increases with a victory.

Intelligence: 5 - Has a direct impact on the duration of buffs/crowd control as well as the field of vision for troops. The development of weapons and their manufacturing time is also influenced.

Politics: 5 - Has a direct impact of policies on territorial markets and farms. Also influences the success of diplomatic negotiations.

Surplus free attribute points: 2

Cultivation method: None

Skills: Basic Gathering Technique, Basic Diplomacy Technique, Basic Weapons Proficiency

Equipment: None

Ouyang Shuo's innate stats were quite biased. His Body Structure and Comprehension were almost the full value while Luck and Charm were barely average. With a high Body Structure and Comprehension, it would contribute greatly to training in cultivation methods. With low charm or luck, he would probably very unlucky in the game, and there would be difficulty in triggering adventures.

For the skills column, Basic Gathering Technique was a general technique avaliable for all players. Basic Diplomacy Technique was a general Lord technique and Basic Weapon Proficiency was a general technique for officers.

Skills didn't have any points that could be put into them. However, there was a stat of proficiencies which could only be gained through repeated use of them. It took a certain level of proficiency in a skill for it to be upgraded to the next level.

For the acquired attributes, Ouyang Shuo chose to put his surplus points into the Command and Politics stats. As a lord, Command and Politics were his two most important skills.

"System Tip: Please select your place of birth. You can choose 'random', or specify the approximate location. There is a random chance to trigger an adventure, but there are great risks. Players, please choose carefully."

Choosing a place of birth was a hidden trap in the system. Many players, seeing the adventure chance, would choose Random with their eyes shining. They had some fantasy of being born in a cave, getting some mysterious cheats, and coming out with a big edge to rule the game.

But the greater chance was that they entered the game in a tiger's den, and had an immediate and glorious death. Less than .001% of the players had a lucky encounter or something similar from triggering the adventure system, and even then most of the adventures were very basic.

'Choosing the approximate location' was actually a stealth reward for the astute player. Lord players could make their choice based on their development plan, selecting an area suitable to them. Adventurers could be directly assigned to an area near a system-made Imperial city, avoiding the trouble of having to make it to one of the Imperial cities.

"Please specify the approximate location."

The beautiful little fairy hand waved and up came a miniature version of the 3D map of China. The overall picture was no different from reality, except it was ten times as large.

This China had no detailed outline of states, nor did it use a dynasty's markings. Instead, the game had distilled and combined five thousand years of Chinese history, selecting nine different ancient cities as Imperial Capital cities. The cities were: Jingdu, Xianyang, Chengdu, Dali, Luoyang, Changan, Xiangyang, Jianye, and Quanzhou.

Outside the regions of the Imperial Capitals was all wilderness, occupied by beasts, bandits, barbarians, and refugees, waiting for adventurers to explore them. Similarly, the territories of the Lord players were also going to be built in the wilderness. Needing to overcome all obstacles to build up your territory was not an exaggeration!

Ouyang Shuo selected his territory in southern Guangxi near Vietnam, near the shore. As for the specific location, he would only find that out after entering the game and exploring.

"System Notice: Your birthplace has been selected! Will you start the Village Building Quest?"

"Special Notice: The Village Building Quest is unique to Lord players. If this starting task is failed, player will lose the qualifications to build a village and can only play as a adventurer. This is a non-mandatory quest. Players can choose to give up and enter the game to find their Village Creation Token."

"Open the Quest!"

The Village Creation Token was the first difficulty Lords encountered. Villages were divided into four grades: bronze, iron, silver, and gold. 80% of the starting villages were bronze grade, almost 20% iron, less than .01% silver, and there would only be one gold Village Creation Token in all of China.

Ouyang Shuo knew that the representatives of China's major forces had game cabins that were custom editions provided by the government. Their custom edition had one advantage: they could bypass the Village Building Quest and instead get a silver level Village Creation Token. This was the result of a compromise between the government and these forces.

And to further balance this privilege, Gaia had the single gold Village Creation Token hidden in this Village Building Quest, to be discovered by a player.



* * *





Chapter 3




Chapter 3

Chapter 3 - Creating a Role



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Levs



In the morning, Ouyang Shuo used his handbrain to access the Earth Online official website. He first went in and explored the forums, quickly finding out that there weren’t many posts, and that most of them were complaining about how expensive the game cabin was.

A member called Siege Lion had made a post called the The Pros and Cons of the Personal Adventurer and Kingdom Building Path, which caught Ouyang Shuo’s eye.

The post only used limited game data and previous gaming experiences, and Siege Lion noted that the Lord path required players to be adept at territory and resource management while at the same time needing a continuous investment of funds. He did not recommend it for the average player. Otherwise, it was far too easy to lose money without recourse if one’s territory was captured.

Seeing such an accurate prediction, Ouyang Shuo suspected that Siege Lion was probably a beta tester. He wrote down Siege Lion’s ID number, and then left the forums, heading directly to the mall area to buy the game cabin online.

The cabin had different models corresponding to different heights and body sizes that needed to be chosen. He rapidly completed the payment while online and was told that his new game cabin would be delivered that afternoon.

This wasn’t some light novel where the MC had to wait in a long line under the hot sun to purchase the game. Nope, that was definitely a thing of the past. For more than a hundred years now, basically all product buying was now done online.

TL: Author is throwing shade at his previous novel Shura’s Wrath, another novel on GT

At 3 PM, the doorbell rang with the delivery for his new cabin. The whole body of the cabin was a silver-gray color and was beautifully styled, sleek and advanced. Under Ouyang Shuo’s direction, the staff quickly brought it upstairs and installed it into his bedroom.

Sun Xiaoyue was a bit surprised to see the delivery so quickly, but not overly so. After all, in this day and age, there were countless online virtual games. Thus, getting a game cabin to play games in was very normal.

The next day was New Year’s Day. Ouyang Shuo spent all day playing with Bing’er. Xiaoyue also joined the playing, which drove Bing’er into a frenzy of excitement!

This was hardly unexpected, because Ouyang Shuo was normally very strict about Bing’er studying and learning. After all, no matter what era it was, knowledge should never fall behind.

The reason Ouyang Shuo was spoiling Bing’er so much was because he would have little time to do anything with her when he started playing. The early stages of the game required a lot of time investment to get a foundation built, so he wouldn’t have much time to spend with her after the game began. For now, it was still the holiday, and he could spend some time with her.

*****************************

January 1, 2190, 8 PM. Thousands of players eagerly waited for Earth Online to officially open. Ouyang Shuo opened up his game cabin to see that the cabin was full of a half-solid gel, with a human-shaped depression at the middle. After laying himself inside the game cabin and stabilizing the pressure, the chamber sealed with a gentle hiss.

“(Ding), permission to access cyberlink?” a beautiful voice sounded from the computer.

“Permission granted!” he stated immediately.

“Connection established. Customer’s personal identification information has been retrieved. May we bind yo

ur identity?” “Go ahead!” A second later, Ouyang Shuo felt a sharp and small stab on his body.

“(Ding), personal DNA sample collection is completed and matches your personal information. May we open the nutrient pipeline to support long online playing times?”

“Open it!” A moment later, the nutrient solution tube stabbed itself into his left arm. The computer would monitor his condition at all times, and if his body emitted signs of being hungry, it would intelligently begin to start transferring nutrients to keep him alive and well.

“The nutrient solution channel has been opened. The game cabin is fully functional. Would player like to enter the game?”

“Yes!” A moment later, there was a rushing feeling, and Ouyang Shuo’s mind left his body, involuntarily being sucked towards a colorful vortex in front of him.

When he opened his eyes, Ouyang Shuo looked around and found himself in an open-air pavilion, with no walls or roof. Only a light mist hung around him, and it was as if he had come to some kind of fairyland.

Standing in front of Ouyang Shuo was a very beautiful young woman. She had an exquisite face and curves in all the right places to send his heart pumping. Ribbons fluttered around her gently, giving her a cool and otherworldly temperament. She was simply the limit of the human imagination for a gaming avatar coming to life.

Legend had it that eighty percent of male players had fallen captive to the beauty of her scarlet dress. Even after his rebirth, it still took Ouyang Shuo a good ten seconds to wake up from his mesmerized stare. He knew that the fairy was actually the Skynet host AI Gaia’s incarnation. He could only view it from a distance!

“Welcome to Earth Online. Please name your character. Names can only be composed of Chinese characters. No symbols or any other strange characters are permitted, and use of insulting words or terms is not allowed.” The words coming off her red lips were sweeter than honey, extremely captivating...

“Qiyue Wuyi!” Ouyang Shuo replied immediately, electing not to use his ID from the past, but to take a new name. This poetic name, which was a part of a famous battle poem, for a character whose life would be spent in the battlefield, was extremely artistic, hehe!

TL: Qiyue Wuyi is a part of a Qin Poem that talks about how the officers and soldiers fought together.

“System Notification: Your name has satisfied the naming rules; it has not been previously chosen. You have successfully named your character! Please choose the game mode you will be playing in: Personal Adventurer or Kingdom Building. You may only choose one mode.”

“Select the Kingdom Building mode,” Ouyang Shuo said without hesitation. In the past, he had chosen the Personal Adventurer mode but this time would naturally be different. A year from now, the government would disclose the Convention Agreement, and disclose that Kingdom Building was the essence of the game. The representatives of the major powers had all chosen Kingdom Building as their model.

“Special Warning: Besides in times of war, Lords are not allowed to leave their territories. To compensate, players can have a Personal Adventurer profession.”

‘The Lords could not leave their territories’ was only limited to the main system, which was also called the primary map. Battlefield maps, of course, had no such restrictions and lords could roam freely within them.

The Personal Adventurer mode was divided into Fighting and Lifestyle categories, each player could only choose one of the two. The classes for the Chinese region were Strategist, Officer, Knight, Alchemist, Healer, and Bailiff, so six professions in all.

The fighting classes weren’t detailed much. Players could freely choose their cultivation method or weapons. The knight class for example, had access to nine close combat weapons, which were the dagger, sword, whip, mace, tonfa, hand axe, jo, war hammer, and morningstar, as well as nine reach weapons, which were the broadsword, spear, staff, axe, trident, pike, hook sword, lance, and halberd for eighteen total in all.

However, if a knight that used the sword didn’t know any sword techniques, he would be very ineffective.

The lifestyle classes included normal jobs from all walks of life. The primary occupations were blacksmiths, tailors, physicians, architects, breeders, fishermen, farmers, veterinarians, winemakers, cooks, carpenters, masons, shipbuilders, and various others.

The lifestyle classes had no character levels, only skill levels. The lifestyle players would also not lose experience after death. It was a type of protection for those players.

“Select Officer.” This was his former career in his past life, a familiar path.

“System Notification: Confirming class, generating character attributes, please review!”

Ouyang Shuo opened the stat panel to examine his personal attributes.

Name: Qiyue Wuyi

Title: None

Territory: None

Merit: 0/100

Nobility: No

Identity: Civilian

Occupation: Officer, Part-time

Level: 1 (0/100)

Reputation: Unknown (0/100)

Talent: Not open

Innate Ability: Initial values are randomly generated, maximum 20 points per stat, minimum 5 points per stat.

Friendly Notice: Innate attributes cannot be increased by level-up points. They can only be increased by using special pills or cultivation methods.

Body Structure: 18 - Affects character toughness and survival, ability to adapt to environment and ability to store Qi.

Comprehension: 20 - Affects the speed and depth of learning cultivation methods.

Luck: 5 - Affects the frequency of unexpected windfalls and the chances of loss.

Charm: 8 - Affects first impressions with NPC’s as well as the difficulty of resolving sudden interactions.

Acquired Attributes: Each character’s stats start with 5 initial points. Each level gives two points to be freely distributed. Every five levels raises all stats by one point. The highest point value to a stat you can have is 100 points.

Command: 5 - Has a direct impact on combat effectiveness on the battlefield, how many troops can be commanded, how easily troops can be recruited, and response time for troops on a battlefield.

Force: 5 - Has a direct effect on the power of special attacks. Affects the chance of critical hits, ripostes, and how much the player’s reputation increases with a victory.

Intelligence: 5 - Has a direct impact on the duration of buffs/crowd control as well as the field of vision for troops. The development of weapons and their manufacturing time is also influenced.

Politics: 5 - Has a direct impact of policies on territorial markets and farms. Also influences the success of diplomatic negotiations.

Surplus free attribute points: 2

Cultivation method: None

Skills: Basic Gathering Technique, Basic Diplomacy Technique, Basic Weapons Proficiency

Equipment: None

Ouyang Shuo’s innate stats were quite biased. His Body Structure and Comprehension were almost the full value while Luck and Charm were barely average. With a high Body Structure and Comprehension, it would contribute greatly to training in cultivation methods. With low charm or luck, he would probably very unlucky in the game, and there would be difficulty in triggering adventures.

For the skills column, Basic Gathering Technique was a general technique avaliable for all players. Basic Diplomacy Technique was a general Lord technique and Basic Weapon Proficiency was a general technique for officers.

Skills didn’t have any points that could be put into them. However, there was a stat of proficiencies which could only be gained through repeated use of them. It took a certain level of proficiency in a skill for it to be upgraded to the next level.

For the acquired attributes, Ouyang Shuo chose to put his surplus points into the Command and Politics stats. As a lord, Command and Politics were his two most important skills.

“System Tip: Please select your place of birth. You can choose ‘random’, or specify the approximate location. There is a random chance to trigger an adventure, but there are great risks. Players, please choose carefully.”

Choosing a place of birth was a hidden trap in the system. Many players, seeing the adventure chance, would choose Random with their eyes shining. They had some fantasy of being born in a cave, getting some mysterious cheats, and coming out with a big edge to rule the game.

But the greater chance was that they entered the game in a tiger’s den, and had an immediate and glorious death. Less than .001% of the players had a lucky encounter or something similar from triggering the adventure system, and even then most of the adventures were very basic.

‘Choosing the approximate location’ was actually a stealth reward for the astute player. Lord players could make their choice based on their development plan, selecting an area suitable to them. Adventurers could be directly assigned to an area near a system-made Imperial city, avoiding the trouble of having to make it to one of the Imperial cities.

“Please specify the approximate location.”

The beautiful little fairy hand waved and up came a miniature version of the 3D map of China. The overall picture was no different from reality, except it was ten times as large.

This China had no detailed outline of states, nor did it use a dynasty’s markings. Instead, the game had distilled and combined five thousand years of Chinese history, selecting nine different ancient cities as Imperial Capital cities. The cities were: Jingdu, Xianyang, Chengdu, Dali, Luoyang, Changan, Xiangyang, Jianye, and Quanzhou.

Outside the regions of the Imperial Capitals was all wilderness, occupied by beasts, bandits, barbarians, and refugees, waiting for adventurers to explore them. Similarly, the territories of the Lord players were also going to be built in the wilderness. Needing to overcome all obstacles to build up your territory was not an exaggeration!

Ouyang Shuo selected his territory in southern Guangxi near Vietnam, near the shore. As for the specific location, he would only find that out after entering the game and exploring.

“System Notice: Your birthplace has been selected! Will you start the Village Building Quest?”

“Special Notice: The Village Building Quest is unique to Lord players. If this starting task is failed, player will lose the qualifications to build a village and can only play as a adventurer. This is a non-mandatory quest. Players can choose to give up and enter the game to find their Village Creation Token.”

“Open the Quest!”

The Village Creation Token was the first difficulty Lords encountered. Villages were divided into four grades: bronze, iron, silver, and gold. 80% of the starting villages were bronze grade, almost 20% iron, less than .01% silver, and there would only be one gold Village Creation Token in all of China.

Ouyang Shuo knew that the representatives of China’s major forces had game cabins that were custom editions provided by the government. Their custom edition had one advantage: they could bypass the Village Building Quest and instead get a silver level Village Creation Token. This was the result of a compromise between the government and these forces.

And to further balance this privilege, Gaia had the single gold Village Creation Token hidden in this Village Building Quest, to be discovered by a player.





* * *





Chapter 4




Chapter 4-6

Chapter 4 - Village Building Quest

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

With a short hum and a flash of white light, Ouyang Shuo found himself being sent away to a strange place. He opened his eyes after a moment and found himself lying on an antique wooden bed. Before he could look around any more, a relieved voice filled his ears.

"Sir, it is to our great fortune that you have finally awakened! The Black Flag Army is descending upon us tomorrow. We cannot waste any time!"

Speaking those words was a grandfatherly old man in an elegant courtier's clothing. He seemed quite shrewd and was waving a fan in his hand. His forked beard wiggled as he spoke.

Ouyang Shuo blinked for a moment to get his bearings. Waking up like this, the Village Building Quest was actually a scene quest.

This type of 'scene quest' was Earth Online's own quest system. Players received the quest and were sent to a separate quest space, automatically playing a certain role there. At the end of the quest, they were sent back to the main map once more.

Time during the quest moved much more slowly than on the main map. Spending two days in the quest amounted to only two hours in the main world. Scene tasks and hidden tasks were very rare, but once completed, the rewards could also be very rich.

Having woken up, a system prompt now sounded in Ouyang Shuo's ear.

"System Notification: Congratulations to player Qiyue Wuyi for opening the S-Ranked Village Building Quest (non-mandatory situational quest). Quest background: In XXX calendar's 15th year, October 7th, the Black Flag Army's Li Lin commanded eight thousand practiced soldiers to attack Sishui City. Sishui City is about to fall.

Quest requirements: Player is the lord of Sishui City and has just recovered from sickness. Player must control the endangered Sishui City, and repel the enemy from the city. Task Reward: Village Creation Token, Summoning Talisman, and a Resources Bag."

After reading over the quest tips, Ouyang Shuo formed an idea. A strong enemy was coming to attack and at this critical juncture, the lord of the city was sick and unable to maintain control. Thus, the people were starting to panic. Therefore, the first order of business was to calm the people and restore morale.

Ouyang Shuo quickly rose and told the aide to let the news of him awakening spread, and then called the principal officials of the city to the audience chamber. With the help of a maid standing by, he put on his official state clothes, and with unhurried stride and demeanor moved down the hallway towards the audience chamber.

As he walked, Ouyang Shuo slowly recalled what past players had posted about this quest in the forums, about what would happen and how to deal with the invasion. Sishui City was just a small town, the city guards numbered less than three thousand and were also untrained, with no battlefield experience. If he wanted to resist the attack of the incoming well-trained Black Flag Army, he could only rely on the city walls for passive defense.

In order to defeat the raiding army, the players had to employ many tricks and use a great deal of unconventional strategy. Fire, poison, superior numbers, and rolling stones were all used. However, most of the tactics had achieved little success.

For example, using numbers to win: If casualties reached twenty percent, army morale plummeted. Just because you wanted all your soldiers to have fearless hearts of steel and guts of iron didn't mean that it was going to happen.

One of the most famous guides was by the player who'd gotten the gold level Village Creation Token from the quest. It was by a fellow called Xunlong Dianxue, a professional gaming fanatic known for his quest completions.

He entered the game after a week. In that time of a week, the Lord players had tried just about every method, but still couldn't reach the hidden condition for getting a gold Village Creation Token.

Perfectly completing the quest upon entering the game really showed Xunlong's skill. Ouyang Shuo remembered that this player, by dint of receiving the gold village, grew all the way to become one of China's top lords, full of glory. But this time around, Ouyang Shuo was going to shamelessly steal Xunlong's thunder. Thinking of this, Ouyang Shuo even felt a bit sorry for that person. If he had the chance, he would repay Xunlong well.

According to what the poster had said, he received the quest, but didn't do things conventionally. Instead of hastily organizing the city's military as well as civilians and posting them on the walls, he kept talking with the NPC's in the city, trying to find hidden clues or some other resource he could use to complete the quest successfully.

His hard work paid off, and finally he had learned something from a water management official. A short distance to the south of Sishui City, there was a reservoir. When the Black Flag Army encamped, if someone was stationed to suddenly dig open the reservoir, the raging flood was enough to annihilate the Black Flag Army. But the approach was quite harsh, as the flood outside also inundated a great deal of farmlands and villages, who would also suffer.

If the player did not take the initiative and ask questions, the NPC's would not give the crucial piece of information needed to complete the quest. Perhaps this was where Xunlong was above everyone else. When so many people were focused on conventional defense and counter-attacks, his focus had jumped outside of the city to learn about the surrounding area and find opportunities there.

Ouyang Shuo arrived at the audience chamber, and the main officials of the city were lined up to receive him. Despite their attempts to look impassive, it was clear that they were all uneasy, with nervous frames of mind.

After bidding them all to be seated, Ouyang Shuo looked them over one by one, calmly saying, "You have no need to panic. I have already come up with a plan to defeat the enemy. What you need to do is to calm the civilians. We will impose a curfew tonight to prevent thieves and looters from robbing others. In addition, get the city guards to start fortifying the wall, and dispatch scouts to track the enemy. We must always know the location of our enemy, do not fail in this."

These actions really puzzled the officials there, but in the presence of their lord, they did not question him. That would only be inviting trouble on themselves, so they nodded obediently and went along with him.

"Sir Zhu, stay. I have something to speak with you about. The rest of you are free to go!" Sir Zhu was the old man from before and the lord's confidante.

With a concrete plan, Ouyang Shuo directly sent away the group of NPCs. As for the matter of breaching the dam, this was naturally not something he should be talking about publicly. If the Black Flag Army found out about what he was planning, the plan would be for naught.

After the rest of the officials were gone, Ouyang Shuo informed Sir Zhu of his task, and arranged for people to get to the reservoir dam that very night. Tomorrow morning, the Black Flag Army would arrive and make camp. The gates here would signal with smoke, the workers would breach the dam, and the Black Army would be washed away.

Sir Zhu heard Ouyang Shuo's battle plan, and was secretly scared. He thought that this method was quite similar to the saying, 'Lose eight hundred to kill one thousand.' But if this plan could defeat the enemy, the people would have no objections. The Black Flag Army conquering them might bring the civilians great harm. Having no other alternative, he did not raise an objection.

The next day, early in the morning, the Black Flag Army arrived as scheduled and set up their camp about five miles outside of the city. Waiting until the Black Flag Army was fully encamped with all its forces, Ouyang Shuo gave the decisive order to light the smoke signal.

As the signal came up, the people who had waited at the dam overnight immediately breached it with a great hole. In order to prevent accidents, the team

had already done more than half the work the night before. In less than ten minutes, rolling floodwaters had poured out of the reservoir and like a winding dragon, heading for the Black Flag Army camp five miles out.

At this time the Black Flag Army was getting ready to make dinner and had no time to respond as the wave swept over it. Before the mighty floodwaters, both people and animals were killed. Ouyang Shuo led the city officials in watching over the devastation, standing at the top of the city walls.

Seeing the hellish scene of a drowned land before him, Ouyang Shuo's expression became solemn. Although they were just NPC, just packets of data, he could only blame the game for being too realistic, and pretend not to be moved by what he was seeing.

At this point, the sweet tone of the system chimed in.

"System Notification: Congratulations to player Qiyue Wuyi for the completion of the S-class Village Building quest, Sishui City. There have been no casualties to Sishui soldiers and the Black Water Army has been annihilated. This has met the hidden reward requirements. You are awarded a gold level Village Creation Token, an emperor-level Summoning Talisman, and a middle-tier Resource bag."

Fortunately this scene was in the quest space, so players in the quest couldn't hear outside announcements or release announcements. Otherwise, there would definitely be an uproar!

"System Notification: Congratulations to player Qiyue Wuyi for completion of the S-Rank Village Building quest with 100% completion. Additional experience reward of 10,000 experience points, 500 reputation points, and 100 gold coins will be awarded."

"System Notification: Player Qiyue Wuyi has leveled to 6!"

Note: A player's level was calculated as EXP = 30 (N^3 +5N) - 80, where N was the current level.

For this village quest, the more common people and soldiers died, the lower the completion number of the quest. The only way to get the gold-level Village Creation Token was to not have any casualties, which in ancient warfare was nearly impossible. Thus, only a eccentric method like this one was the way to complete it.

The Village Creation Token, Summoning Talisman, and Resource Bag were called the village creation set. Each of the players that finished the Village Building Quest would be rewarded these items. With full completion, naturally the Village Creation Token was upgraded to the gold level and the Summoning Talismans along with the Resource Bags would both raise a level. Ouyang Shuo could scarcely wait to see what he had received, as this was a key step in his future success or failure.

Name: Village Creation Token (gold)

Features: 50% increase in attracting settlers. 20% increase in attracting special talents. 50% increase in crop production. 20% increase in proficiency of production skills of residents. 20% increase in experience for soldiers.

Exclusive: Talent breakthrough success rates in this territory are increased by 10%.

Evaluation: This is a token that can increase territorial strength on all fronts and beyond the normal level of artifacts. How to use these gifts is being left for the players to explore on their own. This item cannot be destroyed or traded.

The gold grade token had tremendous advantages over other tokens. It was a world-changing level of difference.

Summoning Talisman (Emperor Level): Call a random Emperor-level historical figure to your city.

Historical figures started at the King level and went up to the Emperor, Divine, and Saint levels. It was said that there was another higher level at the Extreme Saint level for Confucius, who stood alone above all others.

In the past game, there had been no Lords who were able to get Confucius to work for them or even satisfy the requirements to even invite Confucius to settle there. The old man liked to travel around the country, never staying in one place for too long.

Resource Bag (Intermediate): 5000 units of food, 500 units of wood, 500 units of stone, 500 units of iron ore.

The resource bag held four resources that players called the basic resources. Basically, everything used in developing a territory was tied into these four resources. In addition, the bag was a one-time item, and you couldn't put anything into it, only use it up. When the last of the resources were removed, it would automatically disappear.

An intermediate resource bag was five times the size of a basic resource bag, which made Ouyang Shuo much more confident of his ability to implement his early development plan. Of course, the most critical award was the 100 gold coins. This was still the early stage of the game and the main currency was still copper coins. 100 gold coins now was simply a massive sum of money!

"System Notification: The quest has been completed. Teleport back to the main map?"

"Send me back!" Ouyang Shuo ordered promptly.

There was a hum and a white flash, and Ouyang Shuo disappeared from the quest space.

Chapter 5 - Shanhai Village

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Levs

With a hum and a white flash, Ouyang Shuo finally appeared back in the main map, somewhere in the wilderness. Before he could look around, his ears were deluged with system announcements.

"System Notification: Congratulations to Di Chen for the successful establishment of the first village in China - Handan Village; special reward of 1100 Merit Points!"

"System Notification: Congratulations to Zhan Lang the successful establishment of the second village in China - Blood Red Village; special reward of 1000 Merit Points!"

"System Notification: Congratulations to Feng Qingyang for the successful establishment of the third village in China - Swordsman Village; special reward of 900 Merit Points!"

"System Notification: Congratulations to Feng Qiuhuang for the successful establishment of the fourth village in China - Fallen Phoenix Village; special reward of 800 Merit Points!"

"System Notification: Congratulations to Chun Shenjun for the successful establishment of the fifth village in China - Pill Sun Village; special reward of 700 Merit Points!"

"System Notification: Congratulations to Sha Pojun for the successful establishment of the sixth village in China - Asura Village; special reward of 600 Merit Points!"

Unsurprisingly, even as Ouyang Shuo completed the quest quickly to order up a village, China already had six lords who had established a village.

In his past life, these six players were massive beings and China's six most powerful lords, called the Six Tyrants of Handan. They were representatives of major forces in real China, and using the federal version of the game cabin. With that version of the cabin, they did not have to do the quest, but instead instantly started with a silver village.

The series of announcements going off naturally caused an uproar among the player base. If one or two people got lucky in opening their village, that was understandable. However, six people, bam, just like that, opening up their village? It was obviously anything but normal.

But it didn't matter if the players protested. The official response was complete silence, and no explanation was given.

Since Ouyang Shuo knew the truth of the situation, he ignored the announcements and resumed looking at his surroundings.

Looking ahead, he could only see tall grass and weeds without end. The grasses were yellow, it was the dry season. The skies were gloomy and clouds low, kind of cool and clammy. The frontier region was never a paradise, death was the eternal theme here.

In the distance, mountains rose up, rolling into the distance like a great sleeping dragon. The base of the mountains were girt in a cloak of trees, but the tops were naturally cold and lifeless.

"System Notification: Congratulation to player Qiyue Wuyi for discovering the new map zone - Lianzhou Basin, exploration experience +100."

The main features of a basin were being surrounded by high ground, and low in the middle, as the name basin implied. It was one of the five basic terrain zones, extremely common in reality.

After the game map expanded the area of the planet tenfold, the hills were ten times higher and rivers widened by ten as well. Small basins in the real countryside, in the game, would become a basin territory as large as Sichuan Basin was in reality.

These kind of basin terrains were a favorite of the Lord class players because it was easy to defend and the edges were rich in mineral resources. The biggest forces in the game were basically built in this kind of terrain.

The Lianzhou Basin in game covered an area of 240,000 square kilometers, as large as the entire province of Guangxi

Guangxi in China (or, slightly larger than Romania). The west side of the Basin was the China/Vietnam border, and was modified into a rolling, stony mountain range that was impassable.

To the north was a gateway city, called Holding South Gate. It was now occupied by a group of powerful thieves. Passing through, you entered the hinterlands of Guangxi.

To the east was the dividing line between Guangxi and Lingnan, with mountains and misty jungles. North and south of there was also a pass, and then going further south one can reach the North Bay of the South China Sea. The monsoon blew in from the sea through this canyon, bringing rain and new life into the Lianzhou Basin.

In the past, the entire Lianzhou Basin was cut up piecemeal into territory for nearly a hundred players. After the later merger and reorganizations, it birthed three large territories. The three lords fought one another, but they could not completely destroy one another, and so ended up as the three pillars of the Basin area.

In his previous life, even until the fifth year of the game, there was no dominating force in the Lianzhou Basin.

This time around, Ouyang Shuo's medium-range plan was to utterly dominate the Lianzhou Basin as its overlord.

When Ouyang Shuo chose his place of birth, he deliberately chose the side of the basin close to the sea. As long as you were at the south side of the Basin, you could find the opening to the south of the Lianzhou Basin.

Before starting anything, he checked his inventory. Each newly born player was automatically given a set of coarse clothing and a pair of cloth shoes.

He also had an area at his waist that accessed his storage bag, initial capacity at a cubic meter. It could be upgraded later, and things carried within it were basically weightless.

Although he had the Resource Bag awards, Village Creation Token, Summoning Talisman, and 100 gold coins, he didn't even have a weapon. The Resource Bag was separate, and could not be put in the storage bag, so he left that on his waist as well.

Ouyang Shuo readied the Summoning Talisman for use, intending to get a helper. Otherwise, if he met something on the road and died, he would lose everything...

Tearing the Talisman, a white light flashed, and a middle aged rider came towards him, riding a proud yellow military stallion.

"System Notification: Congratulations to the player Qiyue Wuyi for successfully summoning Shi Wanshui, Special award of 100 reputation points!"

The middle-aged officer, upon seeing Ouyang Shuo, immediately dismounted and fell to one knee, solemnly declaring, "It is my honor to serve my lord!"

Ouyang Shuo hurriedly went forwards and pulled the man to his feet, patting his shoulder and smiled. "General, it is good to get your help. With your aid, it's like gifting a tiger with wings"

"System Notification: Congratulations to player Qiyue Wuyi! Because of your courtesy, historical figure Shi Wanshui's loyalty has risen by +5!"

Taking advantage of his greeting, Ouyang Shuo took a look at his general's stats.

Name: Shi Wanshui (Emperor level)

Title: Top ten fierce officers in history

Dynasty: Sui Dynasty

Identity: None

Occupation: Special officer

Loyalty: 85 points

Command: 80

Force: 95

Intelligence: 60

Politics: 30

Speciality:

Take the Lead: Morale of troops enhanced by 40%;

Conquer to the South, Fight to the North: Speed and mobility of troops enhanced by 30%;

Insightful: Attack power of troops enhanced by 20%.

Cultivation Method: Shining Sun Spearmanship (24 styles)

Equipment: Proud yellow horse, Tiger Fish Scale Armor, Black Iron Spear, Refined Steel Sword, White Birch Bow

Evaluation: A famous hero of Sui, heroic and brave, excellent at riding and shooting. Temperament upright, poor at politics. Good soldier, poor management skills.

Ouyang Shuo was very happy to get such a fierce guard. With such a defender, he had no worries about being bullied on his way. Side by side, the two of them set off towards the south.

In less than half an hour, they had made it to the southern tip of the basin. The mountains were a few thousand kilometers long and between them, there was only a fifty meter wide canyon running straight into the distance.

In the center of the canyon was naturally a river of the same width, forking five hundred meters in front of the canyon into two tributaries. It was more accurate to say that two rivers came together to form one river here.

The west river was called the Friendship River, and the east was called the Swimming River. The Friendship River was slightly wider at thirty-five meters, while the Swimming River narrowed to about thirty meters. The source of the lakes should naturally be runoff from the east and west mountains, collecting the rainwater and sending it down to them.

Carefully considering his options, Ouyang Shuo picked the west side of the valley, at the foot of the mountain. The village will be surrounded by natural boundaries. To the west was a forest, to the north the Friendship River, and to the east the canyon. The location considered both defense and available resources, while also guarding the only pathway into the sea. Overall, a very strategic location.

Now the only question was how to cross the thirty-five meter Friendship River, so he could build the village. Oh, and take the horse along, too.

Time for some ingenuity and a little work. From out of his Resource Bag, Ouyang Shuo pulled 10 units of wood, and with the help of Shi Wanshui, used some rattan strips to tie the wood together into a simple raft.

"System Notification: Congratulations to player Qiyue Wuyi for making a successful raft, you have gained Basic Shipbuilding Proficiency."

Raft: Simple water transport

Evaluation: This is much too crudely built and can easily be overturned by waves, please be careful using it.

Earth Online had a considerable degree of freedom of choice within it. Ouyang Shuo could, even without the basic skill, make a raft. It only required the appropriate materials, tools, and knowing the method to do so. The same principle could be applied to gunpowder, glassmaking, winemaking, and other kinds of technology, all could be achieved in the game.

The two of them rode the raft over Friendship River, drawing the raft up onto the shore and covering it with weeds. After that, they headed south, to the foot of the mountain.

The choice of where to build the village was very critical, because after one ordered their village built, they could not move it. Thus, you had to plan out your future development space in advance.

The area of an ancient city design was limited, bigger was not better in this case. In general, the maximum size was 100 square kilometers or so. After that point, urban management at the ancient level of technology would get increasingly difficult. Managing population, traffic, drainage, and health would all face huge challenges.

One hundred square kilometers was ten kilometers per side of the city if it was a square city. The Lord's Manor would usually be along the central axis, towards the back.

In accordance with this plan, Ouyang Shuo would build the Manor at the golden point of 3.82 km from the southern mountain's base. It would be 10 km from the east side of canyon, leaving a 5 km strategic buffer for defense.

He removed the 'Village Creation Token' from his storage bag and inserted it into the soil of the village. Following directions, he bit his finger and a drop of his blood fell on the token.

Instantly, the area was encapsulated in soft golden light.

The golden light rose into the sky, reaching for the heavens. It rapidly spread out in a golden halo that extended out to the limits of his territory, and then disappeared.

At the same time, in front of where Ouyang Shuo was standing, a golden stone slowly rose from the ground. The stone was three meters high and two meters wide. The front of it was blank, the back of it engraved with nine ancient characters, "Receive the mandate of heaven, live and prosper forever." Ouyang Shuo placed his palm upon the stone, and the system instantly broke in with triumphant music.

"System Notification: Congratulations to player Qiyue Wuyi who has successfully established

successfully established his village, please name your village!"

Here, with its back against the mountains, along the sea, that's how he would name his village!

"Mountain Sea Village." (Note: This is Shanhai Village in Chinese.)

At his words, on the blank front of the stone appeared three words, 'Mountain Sea Village' in ancient script.

"System Notification: Congratulations to the player Qiyue Wuyi for the establishment of China 's seventh village - Shanhai Village, Special reward 500 of Merit Points!"

"System Notification: Congratulations to the player Qiyue Wuyi for the establishment of China 's seventh village - Shanhai Village, Special reward 500 of Merit Points!"

"System Notification: Congratulations to the player Qiyue Wuyi for the establishment of China 's seventh village - Shanhai Village, Special reward 500 of Merit Points!"

This system announcement did not attract too much attention. After all, Ouyang Shuo was just putting up a village, the whole area devoted to China had been ringing six times with similar announcements, and the players had become numb.

Of course, others may not have cared, but the Six Handan Tyrants had noted the name of Qiyue. They were extremely clear that in the entire Chinese region there were only six special spots where you could directly get a silver village in the game.

The seventh person could actually be regarded as the first real village in China to be established by an actual player, so some attention should be expected. However, with the frontier being what it was, for a short period of time they would be unable to get any information about Mountain Sea Village.

The first to establish a village received 1100 Merit Points, with 100 points being taken off for each successive village. After the tenth village, every village established would merely get 100 Merit Points.

For the Lord class players, merit rank was actually more important than their level and prestige. Saying that this is was their core stat was not an exaggeration. Because their merit value was directly linked to the player's title, as long as the merit value was reached, the player's title would be automatically promoted.

Earth Online divided the titles into five orders: Baron, Viscount, Earl, Marquis, and Duke. Each order had three sub-ranks of first, second and third, for a total of fifteen ranks.

The first rank of merit required 100 points, and each rank after that, the requirement doubled. Thus, to reach Marquis required 204,800 points, while reaching the highest title of Duke required a whole million merit points!

Merit points were difficult to obtain, generally gained only by contributing to your country. You could generally only gain them on the frontier, such as by establishing a territory, combating bandits and raiders, increasing the security of the people, participating in battles, great contributions to the city, and several other limited ways.

The most critical point was that title and territorial level were directly linked. Territories were divided into the same tiers as titles, with three sub-ranks within villages, towns, cities, states, and capitals. If the leader of a territory didn't meet the required titles, the territory could not be promoted.

"System Notification: Congratulations player Qiyue Wuyi for establishing Shanhai Village. While constructing the village, the Lord's Manor has automatically been built. In addition to this, the player can also choose one of three random village-level buildings to put in place.

"System Notifications: Three random buildings selected, please choose one of them to be completed! You may select the City Fence, Basic Blacksmith Ship, or Basic Market!"

"I choose the Basic Market!"

"System Notification: The building selection is finished and will start automatically!"

There was a hum and burst of white light. Where Ouyang Shuo was standing, a wooden courtyard arose from the ground, outside of a living room. At the northwest corner of the courtyard rose another wooden building, which should be the Basic Market.

"System Notification: Congratulations to the player Qiyue Wuyi for establishing your village! Your reward is 10 farmers! Please prepare to receive them! All rewards are complete, please view them at your leisure!"

Ouyang Shuo watched the golden stone slowly sink back into the ground. It would only re-emerge if the territory was upgraded or attacked.

"System Notification: Historical figure Shi Wanshui has witnessed the birth of the village, his loyalty is increased by 5!"

"System Notification: Historical figure Shi Wanshui's loyalty to Qiyue Wuyi is at 90 points, derived feature: Loyalty (enhances military morale 10%).

Ouyang Shuo did not expect to receive such a pleasant surprise. A loyalty upgrade to 90 points made Shi Wanshui increase his respect for Ouyang Shuo!

Chapter 06 - Village Properties

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

He would inspect the village properties later. Ouyang Shuo took Shi Wanshui with him out of the Lord's Manor, ready to go to the gate of the village and receive his ten farmers.

At the entrance to the village waited ten thin farmers wearing yellow rags. They were looking up and around curiously at the mountain village. The rags wrapped around their feet were their only other possessions.

With Ouyang Shuo in front and Shi Wanshui following, the pair found them quickly.

The group of farmers, seeing a fierce officer like Shi Wanshui, had eyes that flashed with traces of fear. Seeing Ouyang Shuo leading Shi Wanshui, however, they became immediately more respectful and cautious.

Hesitantly, one of them stepped forwards, a middle-aged man who seemed to be the oldest of them. "Please, sir. I am Zhao Dexian, I have led villagers from my village to come to your village. We wonder if you are accepting residents."

Ouyang Shuo first introduced himself in turn. "I am the Lord of Shanhai Village. Behind me is my General, Shi Wanshui."

After his introduction was completed, Ouyang Shuo continued. "I am very happy that you came. Shanhai Village is ready to get started and is in urgent need of talent, naturally I do not wish you to leave. As long as you are willing to work hard, there will be clothing to wear, food to eat, room to live, and fields to be cultivated."

This simple set of four commitments spoke right to the heart of these peasant folk, and their eyes all held that look of yearning for a better life. They started whispering to one another, talking about his offer.

"Quiet, please," Ouyang Shuo said, waiting until everyone quieted down. "We are not going to stand out here. Let's first go back to the main house and get you all settled down and fed."

Hearing that they were going to be fed, there was a burst of cheers. Being so poor, they had not eaten for more than a week.

Before going, Ouyang Shuo turned to Shi Wanshu and said solemnly, "General Shi, I have a matter to ask of you."

General Shi was surprised, but simply said, "As my lord commands, so shall it be done!"

"In order to secure the territory, I would like you to patrol the borders. If you encounter beasts, bandits, or the like, do not hesitate and clear them immediately, lest they come after us before our defenses are in place," Ouyang Shuo told him.

"I will do so!" Shi Wanshui responded. He grabbed his horse and a day's rations, and rode away with a cloud of dust trailing behind him.

Ouyang Shuo then settled the ten farmers in the east wing of the Lord's Manor and left some rations for them. Going alone back to the office of the village head, he saw that there were two items placed upon the desk, a letter and a booklet. Atop the letter was the official lord's seal, cast in brass and resembling a turtle. The book was the Lord's Handbook, which recorded the basic information of the territory.

Territory: Shanhai Village (First Level Village)

Lord: Qiyue Wuyi (First Class Baron)

Title: none

People's Thoughts: 70

Security: 65

Territory population: 12/200

Flow rate of immigrants: 10 * (1 + 50%) = 15 / day

Territory area: 20 square kilometers

Territorial characteristics: 50% increase attracting immigrants, 20% increase in attracting special talents, 50% increase in crop production, 20% increase in production capacity of residents, 20% increase in military promotion, 10% increase in talent breakthroughs.

Treasury: 100 gold coins

Territory Resources: 5000 units of food, 490 units of wood, 500 units of stone, 500 units of iron ore

Territorial army: None

Territory Industry: None

Political index: 5/100 (determines administrative efficiency and relationship with the people)

Economic index: 5/100 (determines trade prosperity and ability to pay taxes)

Cultural index: 0/100 (represents the degree of educational development and quality of life of residents)

Military: 10/100 (indicates military strength and morale)

Existing Buildings: Village

morale)

Existing Buildings: Village level Lord's Manor, Basic Market

List of basic construction buildings

Simple fence: Basic fortification, Weak defense, can stop wild animals. Construction conditions: wood: 100 units. Construction time: twenty four hours.

Village level dining hall: Dining area for residents. Construction conditions: dining hall construction drawings, wood: 30 units, stone: 20 units. Construction time: twelve hours.

Village level bathrooms: Enhances sanitation and health of the village. Construction conditions: toilet construction drawings, timber: 10 units, stone: 10 units. Construction time: six hours.

Wooden small residential courtyard: Provides living space for 20 residents. Construction conditions: Small residential courtyard construction drawings, timber: 40 units, stone: 20 units. Construction time: twelve hours.

Basic blacksmith shop: Builds a variety of farm tools, such as axes, chisels, and other iron tools. Construction conditions: junior blacksmith, blacksmith shop construction drawings, wood: 20 units, stone: 10 units. Construction time: twelve hours.

Basic grocery shop: Distributes various types of daily necessities. Construction conditions: grocer, grocery building drawings, wood 20 units, stone 10 units.

Basic logging field: Speeds up the collection of timber resources, the average production is 10 units of wood / person / day. Construction conditions: Wood: 30 units. Construction time: six hours.

Basic quarry: Speeds up the collection of stone resources, the average production is 5 units of stone / person / day. Construction conditions: timber: 20 units, stone: 10 units. Construction time: six hours.

Simple farmland: grows crops, the average is 200 units of food production per mu (1/6th acre). Description: grain is planted twice a year, the first quarter of planting is during the Ching Ming Festival, the second quarter of sowing is in early July. When the best seeding time is missed, the yield is reduced by 10% to 50%.

Basic barracks: farmers can be converted into militia. Construction conditions: officers, barracks construction drawings, timber: 100 units, stone: 40 units. Construction time: twenty four hours.

According to a full population calculation of 200 residents, the village needed to build 10 residential small homes. Building all the buildings to completion would require a total of 730 units of wood, and 300 units of stone.

Currently his most scarce resource was food. The villagers needed to consume one unit of food per day, and military personnel required 2 units of food/day. With a population of 200, that meant the territory had to generate at least 210 units of food per day to meet consumption.

Game time and real time were synchronized at 1:1, but day and night were inverted. The main map of the game used the Gaia calendar. It was now the first year of Gaia, January 1, not yet rice planting time.

Therefore, for the next six months, Lords could not receive grain from their farmland.

This time period was the darkest for the Lords. To gain food, resources like wood, ore, and other resources had be sold to the system, leading to stagnant territory development. Countless territories went bankrupt because of this.

However, in danger, there was also opportunity. During this time, some Lords took the chance to develop their speciality industries in their territory early, and got rid of the food predicament. Most of these excellent lords later upgraded their territory to the state level admirably.

This was the essence of Earth Online, not letting the Lords easily upgrade their territories. All kinds of obstacles were going to start emerging, a variety of traps in the system that were not easy to detect.

Only those that could best these obstacles, and avoid the trap choices, would stand out and take the leading positions. Casual players who did not do so were destined to be eliminated early.

Back at his desk, Ouyang Shuo was most lacking in all the different architectural drawings as well as talent such as blacksmiths and grocers. His most urgent task was get the fence, dining hall, and public bathrooms built.

He wasn't in any hurry to reclaim the farmland, since he didn't have access to grains and it was the wrong season. The logging yard, residential courtyards, and quarry were now the second priorities to get done. As for the barracks, he didn't have enough people, so he was in no rush to build it.

Finishing his plan for the village, Ouyang Shuo headed back to the east wing. Zhao Dexian, the elder, had finished his lunch, and was chatting with the other men. Seeing that the village head had arrived, all of the men immediately rose and greeted him.

Ouyang Shuo smiled and asked, "Are you settling in well?"

"Of course, it is better here than where we used to live!" Zhao Dexian replied respectfully.

"That's great. Ah, we were rushed earlier and I didn't take the proper time to meet you all. How about you introduce yourselves? Zhao Dexian, you start." Ouyang Shuo pointed at the man.

"Sir, our former village, called Zhao Jiagou, was quite isolated. Half a month ago, a wounded bandit inadvertently broke into our village. We didn't know he was a bandit. We kindly dressed his wounds. We let him stay in the village to recover, but after doing so, he immediately left. The very next day, his associates came and looted our village. Out of more than three hundred people, only ten of us escaped. These past days we have been in the wilderness, and suffered greatly. Fortunately, sire has not only let us enter his village, but given us shelter." Speaking of this sad past, the elder could not help but have tears come to his eyes.

"It's okay, the deceased are gone. We need to look forward. Zhao Dexian, what did you do previously?" Ouyang Shuo, not really knowing how to comfort a group of people who had suffered through so much, immediately changed the topic.

"Sir, during our time in Zhao Jiagou, thanks to everyone else, I was proud to serve as the village chief."

This was an unexpected joy, as Ouyang Shuo did not expect to get someone skilled in administration. He took an immediate look at the attributes of Zhao Dexian.

Name: Zhao Dexian (Bronze)

Identity: Mountain Sea villager

Occupation: Civil servant

Loyalty: 75 points

Command: 15

Force: 20

Intelligence: 20

Politics: 30

Evaluation: Chief of the original Zhao Jiagou village, reserved and dignified, cares for his people, good at agricultural water management.

A round of introductions followed. Of the remaining nine people, there were two fruit farmers, named Zhao Youde and Zhao Youcai, who were brothers. There was a village carpenter, Zhao Youfang. There was also a mason, Zhao Dewang. The remaining five men were pure farmers.

Half of the group were special talents! This wasn't part of Ouyang Shuo's prize, but a hidden reward of the system. The system couldn't really give you ten pure farmers, or you would never be able to put up a house.

After coming to a mutual understanding, Ouyang Shuo immediately appointed Zhao Dexian as leader of the construction squad, arranging for him to lead five people in building a wooden fence. At the same time, he arranged for Zhao Youfang to take the other three remaining people to build a basic logging field as soon as possible to aid in collecting wood.

Ouyang Shuo was ready to directly start his fence following the standard of a third-level village, and it required 600 units of wood. If he had been stuck with the starting original supplies, he would have fallen 170 units short, and if he didn't start harvesting, he might not have been able to keep up with the speed of construction.

In accordance with the game design, only the Lord's Manor would upgrade with the village. The rest of the buildings would stay as they were and not be upgraded.

In order to facilitate replanning of the territory, the game built in a recycling function. Buildings could be recycled and moved, placing them in a more appropriate location. But the replacement was not free, every adjustment of a building required an additional charge.

Therefore, visionary Lords had to carefully plan the general village layout before making changes to the territory. Of course, other players didn't know what kind of buildings were coming, and had to do a much rougher plan.

As for now, Ouyang Shuo was planning his village directly towards the protection of the level-three fences. He would be able to also match the layout of the buildings in accordance with the contents of a grade-three village.

This was Ouyang Shuo's advantage as a reincarnator. To be able to undertake this kind of extremely foresightful planning, others would certainly envy him greatly.



* * *





Chapter 5




Chapter 5

Chapter 5 - Shanhai Village



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Levs



With a hum and a white flash, Ouyang Shuo finally appeared back in the main map, somewhere in the wilderness. Before he could look around, his ears were deluged with system announcements.

"System Notification: Congratulations to Di Chen for the successful establishment of the first village in China - Handan Village; special reward of 1100 Merit Points!"

"System Notification: Congratulations to Zhan Lang the successful establishment of the second village in China - Blood Red Village; special reward of 1000 Merit Points!"

"System Notification: Congratulations to Feng Qingyang for the successful establishment of the third village in China - Swordsman Village; special reward of 900 Merit Points!"

"System Notification: Congratulations to Feng Qiuhuang for the successful establishment of the fourth village in China - Fallen Phoenix Village; special reward of 800 Merit Points!"

"System Notification: Congratulations to Chun Shenjun for the successful establishment of the fifth village in China - Pill Sun Village; special reward of 700 Merit Points!"

"System Notification: Congratulations to Sha Pojun for the successful establishment of the sixth village in China - Asura Village; special reward of 600 Merit Points!"

Unsurprisingly, even as Ouyang Shuo completed the quest quickly to order up a village, China already had six lords who had established a village.

In his past life, these six players were massive beings and China’s six most powerful lords, called the Six Tyrants of Handan. They were representatives of major forces in real China, and using the federal version of the game cabin. With that version of the cabin, they did not have to do the quest, but instead instantly started with a silver village.

The series of announcements going off naturally caused an uproar among the player base. If one or two people got lucky in opening their village, that was understandable. However, six people, bam, just like that, opening up their village? It was obviously anything but normal.

But it didn’t matter if the players protested. The official response was complete silence, and no explanation was given.

Since Ouyang Shuo knew the truth of the situation, he ignored the announcements and resumed looking at his surroundings.

Looking ahead, he could only see tall grass and weeds without end. The grasses were yellow, it was the dry season. The skies were gloomy and clouds low, kind of cool and clammy. The frontier region was never a paradise, death was the eternal theme here.

In the distance, mountains rose up, rolling into the distance like a great sleeping dragon. The base of the mountains were girt in a cloak of trees, but the tops were naturally cold and lifeless.

“System Notification: Congratulation to player Qiyue Wuyi for discovering the new map zone - Lianzhou Basin, exploration experience +100.”

The main features of a basin were being surrounded by high ground, and low in the middle, as the name basin implied. It was one of the five basic terrain zones, extremely common in reality.

After the game map expanded the area of the planet tenfold, the hills were ten times higher and rivers widened by ten as well. Small basins in the real countryside, in the game, would become a basin territory as large as Sichuan Basin was in reality.

These kind of basin terrains were a favorite of the Lord class players because it was easy to defend and the edges were rich in mineral resources. The biggest

forces in the game were basically built in this kind of terrain. The Lianzhou Basin in game covered an area of 240,000 square kilometers, as large as the entire province of Guangxi in China (or, slightly larger than Romania). The west side of the Basin was the China/Vietnam border, and was modified into a rolling, stony mountain range that was impassable.

To the north was a gateway city, called Holding South Gate. It was now occupied by a group of powerful thieves. Passing through, you entered the hinterlands of Guangxi.

To the east was the dividing line between Guangxi and Lingnan, with mountains and misty jungles. North and south of there was also a pass, and then going further south one can reach the North Bay of the South China Sea. The monsoon blew in from the sea through this canyon, bringing rain and new life into the Lianzhou Basin.

In the past, the entire Lianzhou Basin was cut up piecemeal into territory for nearly a hundred players. After the later merger and reorganizations, it birthed three large territories. The three lords fought one another, but they could not completely destroy one another, and so ended up as the three pillars of the Basin area.

In his previous life, even until the fifth year of the game, there was no dominating force in the Lianzhou Basin.

This time around, Ouyang Shuo’s medium-range plan was to utterly dominate the Lianzhou Basin as its overlord.

When Ouyang Shuo chose his place of birth, he deliberately chose the side of the basin close to the sea. As long as you were at the south side of the Basin, you could find the opening to the south of the Lianzhou Basin.

Before starting anything, he checked his inventory. Each newly born player was automatically given a set of coarse clothing and a pair of cloth shoes.

He also had an area at his waist that accessed his storage bag, initial capacity at a cubic meter. It could be upgraded later, and things carried within it were basically weightless.

Although he had the Resource Bag awards, Village Creation Token, Summoning Talisman, and 100 gold coins, he didn’t even have a weapon. The Resource Bag was separate, and could not be put in the storage bag, so he left that on his waist as well.

Ouyang Shuo readied the Summoning Talisman for use, intending to get a helper. Otherwise, if he met something on the road and died, he would lose everything...

Tearing the Talisman, a white light flashed, and a middle aged rider came towards him, riding a proud yellow military stallion.

“System Notification: Congratulations to the player Qiyue Wuyi for successfully summoning Shi Wanshui, Special award of 100 reputation points!”

The middle-aged officer, upon seeing Ouyang Shuo, immediately dismounted and fell to one knee, solemnly declaring, “It is my honor to serve my lord!”

Ouyang Shuo hurriedly went forwards and pulled the man to his feet, patting his shoulder and smiled. “General, it is good to get your help. With your aid, it’s like gifting a tiger with wings”

“System Notification: Congratulations to player Qiyue Wuyi! Because of your courtesy, historical figure Shi Wanshui’s loyalty has risen by +5!”

Taking advantage of his greeting, Ouyang Shuo took a look at his general’s stats.

Name: Shi Wanshui (Emperor level)

Title: Top ten fierce officers in history

Dynasty: Sui Dynasty

Identity: None

Occupation: Special officer

Loyalty: 85 points

Command: 80

Force: 95

Intelligence: 60

Politics: 30

Speciality:

Take the Lead: Morale of troops enhanced by 40%;

Conquer to the South, Fight to the North: Speed and mobility of troops enhanced by 30%;

Insightful: Attack power of troops enhanced by 20%.

Cultivation Method: Shining Sun Spearmanship (24 styles)

Equipment: Proud yellow horse, Tiger Fish Scale Armor, Black Iron Spear, Refined Steel Sword, White Birch Bow

Evaluation: A famous hero of Sui, heroic and brave, excellent at riding and shooting. Temperament upright, poor at politics. Good soldier, poor management skills.

Ouyang Shuo was very happy to get such a fierce guard. With such a defender, he had no worries about being bullied on his way. Side by side, the two of them set off towards the south.

In less than half an hour, they had made it to the southern tip of the basin. The mountains were a few thousand kilometers long and between them, there was only a fifty meter wide canyon running straight into the distance.

In the center of the canyon was naturally a river of the same width, forking five hundred meters in front of the canyon into two tributaries. It was more accurate to say that two rivers came together to form one river here.

The west river was called the Friendship River, and the east was called the Swimming River. The Friendship River was slightly wider at thirty-five meters, while the Swimming River narrowed to about thirty meters. The source of the lakes should naturally be runoff from the east and west mountains, collecting the rainwater and sending it down to them.

Carefully considering his options, Ouyang Shuo picked the west side of the valley, at the foot of the mountain. The village will be surrounded by natural boundaries. To the west was a forest, to the north the Friendship River, and to the east the canyon. The location considered both defense and available resources, while also guarding the only pathway into the sea. Overall, a very strategic location.

Now the only question was how to cross the thirty-five meter Friendship River, so he could build the village. Oh, and take the horse along, too.

Time for some ingenuity and a little work. From out of his Resource Bag, Ouyang Shuo pulled 10 units of wood, and with the help of Shi Wanshui, used some rattan strips to tie the wood together into a simple raft.

“System Notification: Congratulations to player Qiyue Wuyi for making a successful raft, you have gained Basic Shipbuilding Proficiency.”

Raft: Simple water transport

Evaluation: This is much too crudely built and can easily be overturned by waves, please be careful using it.

Earth Online had a considerable degree of freedom of choice within it. Ouyang Shuo could, even without the basic skill, make a raft. It only required the appropriate materials, tools, and knowing the method to do so. The same principle could be applied to gunpowder, glassmaking, winemaking, and other kinds of technology, all could be achieved in the game.

The two of them rode the raft over Friendship River, drawing the raft up onto the shore and covering it with weeds. After that, they headed south, to the foot of the mountain.

The choice of where to build the village was very critical, because after one ordered their village built, they could not move it. Thus, you had to plan out your future development space in advance.

The area of an ancient city design was limited, bigger was not better in this case. In general, the maximum size was 100 square kilometers or so. After that point, urban management at the ancient level of technology would get increasingly difficult. Managing population, traffic, drainage, and health would all face huge challenges.

One hundred square kilometers was ten kilometers per side of the city if it was a square city. The Lord’s Manor would usually be along the central axis, towards the back.

In accordance with this plan, Ouyang Shuo would build the Manor at the golden point of 3.82 km from the southern mountain’s base. It would be 10 km from the east side of canyon, leaving a 5 km strategic buffer for defense.

He removed the ‘Village Creation Token’ from his storage bag and inserted it into the soil of the village. Following directions, he bit his finger and a drop of his blood fell on the token.

Instantly, the area was encapsulated in soft golden light.

The golden light rose into the sky, reaching for the heavens. It rapidly spread out in a golden halo that extended out to the limits of his territory, and then disappeared.

At the same time, in front of where Ouyang Shuo was standing, a golden stone slowly rose from the ground. The stone was three meters high and two meters wide. The front of it was blank, the back of it engraved with nine ancient characters, “Receive the mandate of heaven, live and prosper forever.” Ouyang Shuo placed his palm upon the stone, and the system instantly broke in with triumphant music.

“System Notification: Congratulations to player Qiyue Wuyi who has successfully established his village, please name your village!”

Here, with its back against the mountains, along the sea, that’s how he would name his village!

“Mountain Sea Village.” (Note: This is Shanhai Village in Chinese.)

At his words, on the blank front of the stone appeared three words, ‘Mountain Sea Village’ in ancient script.

"System Notification: Congratulations to the player Qiyue Wuyi for the establishment of China 's seventh village - Shanhai Village, Special reward 500 of Merit Points!”

"System Notification: Congratulations to the player Qiyue Wuyi for the establishment of China 's seventh village - Shanhai Village, Special reward 500 of Merit Points!”

"System Notification: Congratulations to the player Qiyue Wuyi for the establishment of China 's seventh village - Shanhai Village, Special reward 500 of Merit Points!”

This system announcement did not attract too much attention. After all, Ouyang Shuo was just putting up a village, the whole area devoted to China had been ringing six times with similar announcements, and the players had become numb.

Of course, others may not have cared, but the Six Handan Tyrants had noted the name of Qiyue. They were extremely clear that in the entire Chinese region there were only six special spots where you could directly get a silver village in the game.

The seventh person could actually be regarded as the first real village in China to be established by an actual player, so some attention should be expected. However, with the frontier being what it was, for a short period of time they would be unable to get any information about Mountain Sea Village.

The first to establish a village received 1100 Merit Points, with 100 points being taken off for each successive village. After the tenth village, every village established would merely get 100 Merit Points.

For the Lord class players, merit rank was actually more important than their level and prestige. Saying that this is was their core stat was not an exaggeration. Because their merit value was directly linked to the player’s title, as long as the merit value was reached, the player’s title would be automatically promoted.

Earth Online divided the titles into five orders: Baron, Viscount, Earl, Marquis, and Duke. Each order had three sub-ranks of first, second and third, for a total of fifteen ranks.

The first rank of merit required 100 points, and each rank after that, the requirement doubled. Thus, to reach Marquis required 204,800 points, while reaching the highest title of Duke required a whole million merit points!

Merit points were difficult to obtain, generally gained only by contributing to your country. You could generally only gain them on the frontier, such as by establishing a territory, combating bandits and raiders, increasing the security of the people, participating in battles, great contributions to the city, and several other limited ways.

The most critical point was that title and territorial level were directly linked. Territories were divided into the same tiers as titles, with three sub-ranks within villages, towns, cities, states, and capitals. If the leader of a territory didn’t meet the required titles, the territory could not be promoted.

“System Notification: Congratulations player Qiyue Wuyi for establishing Shanhai Village. While constructing the village, the Lord’s Manor has automatically been built. In addition to this, the player can also choose one of three random village-level buildings to put in place.

“System Notifications: Three random buildings selected, please choose one of them to be completed! You may select the City Fence, Basic Blacksmith Ship, or Basic Market!”

“I choose the Basic Market!”

“System Notification: The building selection is finished and will start automatically!”

There was a hum and burst of white light. Where Ouyang Shuo was standing, a wooden courtyard arose from the ground, outside of a living room. At the northwest corner of the courtyard rose another wooden building, which should be the Basic Market.

“System Notification: Congratulations to the player Qiyue Wuyi for establishing your village! Your reward is 10 farmers! Please prepare to receive them! All rewards are complete, please view them at your leisure!”

Ouyang Shuo watched the golden stone slowly sink back into the ground. It would only re-emerge if the territory was upgraded or attacked.

“System Notification: Historical figure Shi Wanshui has witnessed the birth of the village, his loyalty is increased by 5!”

“System Notification: Historical figure Shi Wanshui’s loyalty to Qiyue Wuyi is at 90 points, derived feature: Loyalty (enhances military morale 10%).

Ouyang Shuo did not expect to receive such a pleasant surprise. A loyalty upgrade to 90 points made Shi Wanshui increase his respect for Ouyang Shuo!



* * *





Chapter 6




Chapter 6

Chapter 06 - Village Properties



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun



He would inspect the village properties later. Ouyang Shuo took Shi Wanshui with him out of the Lord’s Manor, ready to go to the gate of the village and receive his ten farmers.

At the entrance to the village waited ten thin farmers wearing yellow rags. They were looking up and around curiously at the mountain village. The rags wrapped around their feet were their only other possessions.

With Ouyang Shuo in front and Shi Wanshui following, the pair found them quickly.

The group of farmers, seeing a fierce officer like Shi Wanshui, had eyes that flashed with traces of fear. Seeing Ouyang Shuo leading Shi Wanshui, however, they became immediately more respectful and cautious.

Hesitantly, one of them stepped forwards, a middle-aged man who seemed to be the oldest of them. “Please, sir. I am Zhao Dexian, I have led villagers from my village to come to your village. We wonder if you are accepting residents.”

Ouyang Shuo first introduced himself in turn. “I am the Lord of Shanhai Village. Behind me is my General, Shi Wanshui.”

After his introduction was completed, Ouyang Shuo continued. “I am very happy that you came. Shanhai Village is ready to get started and is in urgent need of talent, naturally I do not wish you to leave. As long as you are willing to work hard, there will be clothing to wear, food to eat, room to live, and fields to be cultivated.”

This simple set of four commitments spoke right to the heart of these peasant folk, and their eyes all held that look of yearning for a better life. They started whispering to one another, talking about his offer.

“Quiet, please,” Ouyang Shuo said, waiting until everyone quieted down. “We are not going to stand out here. Let’s first go back to the main house and get you all settled down and fed.”

Hearing that they were going to be fed, there was a burst of cheers. Being so poor, they had not eaten for more than a week.

Before going, Ouyang Shuo turned to Shi Wanshu and said solemnly, “General Shi, I have a matter to ask of you.”

General Shi was surprised, but simply said, “As my lord commands, so shall it be done!”

“In order to secure the territory, I would like you to patrol the borders. If you encounter beasts, bandits, or the like, do not hesitate and clear them immediately, lest they come after us before our defenses are in place,” Ouyang Shuo told him.

“I will do so!” Shi Wanshui responded. He grabbed his horse and a day’s rations, and rode away with a cloud of dust trailing behind him.

Ouyang Shuo then settled the ten farmers in the east wing of the Lord’s Manor and left some rations for them. Going alone back to the office of the village head, he saw that there were two items placed upon the desk, a letter and a booklet. Atop the letter was the official lord’s seal, cast in brass and resembling a turtle. The book was the Lord’s Handbook, which recorded the basic information of the territory.

Territory: Shanhai Village (First Level Village)

Lord: Qiyue Wuyi (First Class Baron)

Title: none

People’s Thoughts: 70

Security: 65

Territory population: 12/200

Flow rate of immigrants: 10 * (1 + 50%) = 15 / day

Territory area: 20 square kilometers

Territorial characteristics: 50% increase attracting immigrants, 20% increase in attracting specia

l talents, 50% increase in crop production, 20% increase in production capacity of residents, 20% increase in military promotion, 10% increase in talent breakthroughs. Treasury: 100 gold coins

Territory Resources: 5000 units of food, 490 units of wood, 500 units of stone, 500 units of iron ore

Territorial army: None

Territory Industry: None

Political index: 5/100 (determines administrative efficiency and relationship with the people)

Economic index: 5/100 (determines trade prosperity and ability to pay taxes)

Cultural index: 0/100 (represents the degree of educational development and quality of life of residents)

Military: 10/100 (indicates military strength and morale)

Existing Buildings: Village level Lord’s Manor, Basic Market

List of basic construction buildings

Simple fence: Basic fortification, Weak defense, can stop wild animals. Construction conditions: wood: 100 units. Construction time: twenty four hours.

Village level dining hall: Dining area for residents. Construction conditions: dining hall construction drawings, wood: 30 units, stone: 20 units. Construction time: twelve hours.

Village level bathrooms: Enhances sanitation and health of the village. Construction conditions: toilet construction drawings, timber: 10 units, stone: 10 units. Construction time: six hours.

Wooden small residential courtyard: Provides living space for 20 residents. Construction conditions: Small residential courtyard construction drawings, timber: 40 units, stone: 20 units. Construction time: twelve hours.

Basic blacksmith shop: Builds a variety of farm tools, such as axes, chisels, and other iron tools. Construction conditions: junior blacksmith, blacksmith shop construction drawings, wood: 20 units, stone: 10 units. Construction time: twelve hours.

Basic grocery shop: Distributes various types of daily necessities. Construction conditions: grocer, grocery building drawings, wood 20 units, stone 10 units.

Basic logging field: Speeds up the collection of timber resources, the average production is 10 units of wood / person / day. Construction conditions: Wood: 30 units. Construction time: six hours.

Basic quarry: Speeds up the collection of stone resources, the average production is 5 units of stone / person / day. Construction conditions: timber: 20 units, stone: 10 units. Construction time: six hours.

Simple farmland: grows crops, the average is 200 units of food production per mu (1/6th acre). Description: grain is planted twice a year, the first quarter of planting is during the Ching Ming Festival, the second quarter of sowing is in early July. When the best seeding time is missed, the yield is reduced by 10% to 50%.

Basic barracks: farmers can be converted into militia. Construction conditions: officers, barracks construction drawings, timber: 100 units, stone: 40 units. Construction time: twenty four hours.

According to a full population calculation of 200 residents, the village needed to build 10 residential small homes. Building all the buildings to completion would require a total of 730 units of wood, and 300 units of stone.

Currently his most scarce resource was food. The villagers needed to consume one unit of food per day, and military personnel required 2 units of food/day. With a population of 200, that meant the territory had to generate at least 210 units of food per day to meet consumption.

Game time and real time were synchronized at 1:1, but day and night were inverted. The main map of the game used the Gaia calendar. It was now the first year of Gaia, January 1, not yet rice planting time.

Therefore, for the next six months, Lords could not receive grain from their farmland.

This time period was the darkest for the Lords. To gain food, resources like wood, ore, and other resources had be sold to the system, leading to stagnant territory development. Countless territories went bankrupt because of this.

However, in danger, there was also opportunity. During this time, some Lords took the chance to develop their speciality industries in their territory early, and got rid of the food predicament. Most of these excellent lords later upgraded their territory to the state level admirably.

This was the essence of Earth Online, not letting the Lords easily upgrade their territories. All kinds of obstacles were going to start emerging, a variety of traps in the system that were not easy to detect.

Only those that could best these obstacles, and avoid the trap choices, would stand out and take the leading positions. Casual players who did not do so were destined to be eliminated early.

Back at his desk, Ouyang Shuo was most lacking in all the different architectural drawings as well as talent such as blacksmiths and grocers. His most urgent task was get the fence, dining hall, and public bathrooms built.

He wasn’t in any hurry to reclaim the farmland, since he didn’t have access to grains and it was the wrong season. The logging yard, residential courtyards, and quarry were now the second priorities to get done. As for the barracks, he didn’t have enough people, so he was in no rush to build it.

Finishing his plan for the village, Ouyang Shuo headed back to the east wing. Zhao Dexian, the elder, had finished his lunch, and was chatting with the other men. Seeing that the village head had arrived, all of the men immediately rose and greeted him.

Ouyang Shuo smiled and asked, “Are you settling in well?”

“Of course, it is better here than where we used to live!” Zhao Dexian replied respectfully.

“That’s great. Ah, we were rushed earlier and I didn’t take the proper time to meet you all. How about you introduce yourselves? Zhao Dexian, you start.” Ouyang Shuo pointed at the man.

“Sir, our former village, called Zhao Jiagou, was quite isolated. Half a month ago, a wounded bandit inadvertently broke into our village. We didn’t know he was a bandit. We kindly dressed his wounds. We let him stay in the village to recover, but after doing so, he immediately left. The very next day, his associates came and looted our village. Out of more than three hundred people, only ten of us escaped. These past days we have been in the wilderness, and suffered greatly. Fortunately, sire has not only let us enter his village, but given us shelter.” Speaking of this sad past, the elder could not help but have tears come to his eyes.

“It’s okay, the deceased are gone. We need to look forward. Zhao Dexian, what did you do previously?” Ouyang Shuo, not really knowing how to comfort a group of people who had suffered through so much, immediately changed the topic.

“Sir, during our time in Zhao Jiagou, thanks to everyone else, I was proud to serve as the village chief.”

This was an unexpected joy, as Ouyang Shuo did not expect to get someone skilled in administration. He took an immediate look at the attributes of Zhao Dexian.

Name: Zhao Dexian (Bronze)

Identity: Mountain Sea villager

Occupation: Civil servant

Loyalty: 75 points

Command: 15

Force: 20

Intelligence: 20

Politics: 30

Evaluation: Chief of the original Zhao Jiagou village, reserved and dignified, cares for his people, good at agricultural water management.

A round of introductions followed. Of the remaining nine people, there were two fruit farmers, named Zhao Youde and Zhao Youcai, who were brothers. There was a village carpenter, Zhao Youfang. There was also a mason, Zhao Dewang. The remaining five men were pure farmers.

Half of the group were special talents! This wasn’t part of Ouyang Shuo’s prize, but a hidden reward of the system. The system couldn’t really give you ten pure farmers, or you would never be able to put up a house.

After coming to a mutual understanding, Ouyang Shuo immediately appointed Zhao Dexian as leader of the construction squad, arranging for him to lead five people in building a wooden fence. At the same time, he arranged for Zhao Youfang to take the other three remaining people to build a basic logging field as soon as possible to aid in collecting wood.

Ouyang Shuo was ready to directly start his fence following the standard of a third-level village, and it required 600 units of wood. If he had been stuck with the starting original supplies, he would have fallen 170 units short, and if he didn’t start harvesting, he might not have been able to keep up with the speed of construction.

In accordance with the game design, only the Lord’s Manor would upgrade with the village. The rest of the buildings would stay as they were and not be upgraded.

In order to facilitate replanning of the territory, the game built in a recycling function. Buildings could be recycled and moved, placing them in a more appropriate location. But the replacement was not free, every adjustment of a building required an additional charge.

Therefore, visionary Lords had to carefully plan the general village layout before making changes to the territory. Of course, other players didn’t know what kind of buildings were coming, and had to do a much rougher plan.

As for now, Ouyang Shuo was planning his village directly towards the protection of the level-three fences. He would be able to also match the layout of the buildings in accordance with the contents of a grade-three village.

This was Ouyang Shuo’s advantage as a reincarnator. To be able to undertake this kind of extremely foresightful planning, others would certainly envy him greatly.



* * *





Chapter 7




Chapter 7-8

Chapter 07 - Markets and Dog

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Levs

After getting Zhao Dexian and the others off to work, Ouyang Shou did not sit idly. He was ready to go shopping in the Beginner Market to see if there was a chance to get some good things.

The BasicMarket was located in the northwest corner of the village, close to the village's entrance. The market covered a large area. Besides a small wood building used to make transactions, the west side had an open area to receive goods.

He headed into the small building, which was empty. On the left side of the hall was a display, much like a computer monitor. To the right was a teleportation formation, lit by magical lights with a touch of mystery.

The market in the game was far beyond the timeline of the game. On the left side was a product of technology, while on the left was a product of magic. To achieve long-range transport of goods, these two things had to be achieved and combined.

The transaction area of the Basic Market was the surrounding area of Dali City. The transportation crystal could not send a living body, and all transactions by the seller had to pay a 20% transaction tax.

Ouyang Shuo went to the left side of the display, discovering that the entire trading program was divided into four sections. They were the Material Trading Platform, the Special Items Trading Platform, and two grayed out areas that had not opened, the Limited Time Auction Platform and the Negotiate Cooperation Platform.

Opening up the Material Trading Platform, it had everything from food, wood, ores, clothes and even salt. The only thing was that weapons and armor and other military supplies were prohibited items and could not be sold.

Looking at the prices, a unit of grain was 10 copper, wood 20 coppers, and iron ore 100 coppers, definitely not cheap. In his territory the thing he needed most was wood resources, so he directly purchased 500 units, spending a gold coin.

He was really interested in the Special Items Platform. Opening the screen, he found that the special items were also divided into four areas. They were architectural drawings, articles manufacturing, skill books, and others.

Needless to say, every building in the territory required building drawings to put up and there were basic, intermediate, advanced and premium sets.

For territory construction, in addition to upgrading the necessary buildings, extra construction of other buildings was completely unrestricted, as long as you met the construction requirements.

As an example, as long as you had the brothel's building construction drawings, then you could build it in a village even though it was normally a third level county building. As for whether you could run the brothel normally, that was a different matter.

Even so, most of the players would build up their infrastructure step by step, instead of leaping tiers. The main reason was that high-level building plans were too expensive.

A brothel building plan cost 1000 gold coins. Just ask any village head if they had so much money. Even if they had the money, no one would be stupid enough to waste it on one building like this at this point.

Ouyang Shuo first needed to buy construction plans for the dining hall, the public bathrooms, the courtyard residential buildings, the blacksmith shop, the grocery store, and the barracks. They each cost 2 gold coins, and so he spent a total of 12 gold.

Actually, doing this was kind of unusual, most players weren't willing to go directly into the market to buy drawings. Building plans were among the more commonly dropped items obtained by killing bandits. All human NPCs had a distinct chance of dropping such plans on death.

Ouyang Shuo was doing so to bring his 100 gold into rapid play, using his money early in exchange for rapid development of his village. He wanted to get one step ahead of everyone else.

In addition, he spent another 15 gold to buy three more special plans: ferry construction plans, dock construction plans, and shipyard construction plans.

These were water-related buildings, and could only be built close to the shoreline. Therefore, they would not be included in the territorial upgrades of essential buildings, as they were special.

After buying the drawings, Ouyang Shuo pointed to the article manufacturing and technical manuals area. This area was about making specific items and starting an industry using special conditional manufacturing technology advances, not general skills for people to grasp a talent.

For example, a master class winemaker could, in theory, brew a variety of advanced drinks. But, in fact, he has no way to brew a specific advanced liquors from the "Heavy Earth Pub". Why? Because the formulas were confidential. Without the technology, the skill was useless.

Ouyang Shuo chose the Salt Harvesting technology manual, and the Compass Wagon Manufacturing manual. Two technical manuals, the first 20 gold, the second 10 gold. In reality, in ancient times, salt was sold by officials of the government. The game was not the same. Except for military goods, anything could be traded.

If the seaside Lords didn't master the technology to get salt out of sea water, they were simply wasting their natural resources. As for the compass wagon, it was a key item to completing a certain task later. The reward would be comparable to getting a gold level Village Creation Token.

The third type of skill books contained all the professional skills, and some special ones on top of those. There were skill books for players only, NPC's could only learn them through being mentored. Ouyang Shuo chose the Beginner books of riding, swordsmanship, archery, and scouting, spending a gold coin

for each book.

The fourth category of items were varied, all kinds of strange items could appear. It was more about luck than anything else to find something.

Ouyang Shuo was disappointed, nothing was practical or affordable. As he was ready to close the screen, it suddenly refreshed with a new list.

A new item popped into his eyes: Mazu God Statue (Broken), priced at 20 gold. Looking at its properties, Ouyang Shuo didn't hesitate to buy it.

Name: Mazu God Statue (Broken)

Grade: Silver Grade

Evaluation: This is a broken Mazu idol, with a weak trace of the Mazu god powers. A long period of veneration will be necessary to restore the statue.

Properties: Sea god's blessing (Maritime navigation to survive storms increased by 40%)

In order to offer prayer to the Mazu gods, Ouyang Shuo also had to buy a village temple building plan. A village temple was a must for a level three village upgrade and would cost another 10 gold.

After these big purchases, Ouyang Shuo only had 11 gold left, he had really gone through his money like water. After completing his purchases, Ouyang Shuo headed over to the crystal on the right side of the hall.

The crystal flashed with a white glow, and like that, the ten building plans, two technical manuals, four skill books, and a statue were sent over.

As for the 500 units of wood, it was directly in front of the small building's entryway. He put most of the items into his storage bag, but used the skill books straight away.

"System Notification: Congratulations to the player Qiyue Wuyi for mastering Basic riding."

"System Notification: Congratulations to the player Qiyue Wuyi for mastering Basic swordsmanship."

"System Notification: Congratulations to the player Qiyue Wuyi for mastering Basic archery."

"System Notification: Congratulations to the player Qiyue Wuyi for mastering Basic law."

***********************

Outside the small building, Zhao Dexian and his seven man crew were in full swing building the fence. Ouyang Shuo couldn't really do much other than manage them. A level-three village area covered a kilometer square. The whole fence would be 4 kilometers long, a big project.

In Ouyang Shuo's plan, the fence in the middle of the north side would open a main door. At the same times, there would be side doors in the east and south sides for convenience. The logging field was being built in the west side of the territory, as well as subsequent quarries. Therefore, the west side's role would be regulating the import and export of resources.

Similarly, the subsequent docks and shipyards would be built on the eastern side of the river, so the eastern door will connect the village and docks. Drawing a line between the side doors with the central axis divided the village into four parts.

The buildings along the central axis would form the most prosperous area of the village, while the territory will be divided into East and West. At the southernmost area of the axis was the Lord's Manor already built. In front of the Lord's House was an open area, reserved for use as the Town Square. To the north would be a street of commercial buildings. All shops, inns, training halls and other buildings will be distributed to the commercial street's two sides.

West of there would be a residential area. The southwest area would be residences for the agricultural workers, such as farmers and lumberjacks. The northwest area would be arranged for industrial workers, such as the miners, blacksmiths, tailors, masons, businessmen, and other craftsmen. Northwest of the northern area was already occupied by the Beginner Market.

The Eastern District would be a military zone, science, and educational training area. The southeast area would be zoned for science and education, with the private school, hospital, ancestral hall and village temple located there. The northeast area would be the military zone, with weapon repair workshops, strategic granaries, and the upcoming barracks all to be located there.

Ouyang Shuo spent the afternoon near the fence, while going over the plans for his town. The fence was already a quarter built, with tomorrow bringing in more people, he should be able to get it all built in just one more day.

At dusk, General Lui finally returned from his patrol. From the side of his horse hung pheasants, rabbits and other game, while on the other side, things were moving in the bag.

Ouyang Shuo stepped forward and saluted in greeting. "General, it seems you worked hard, and your harvest was not small?"

General Shi quickly dismounted, his hands cupped in salute as well. "I only encountered a few small thieves, not worth anything. I also brought sir a play thing, I hope sir enjoys it."

"Oh, what is this? If my general saw it, I am naturally convinced it is a good thing."

General Shi laughed, and turned back to the squirming bag on his horse. Opening it up, a pure black young wild dog became visible to Ouyang Shuo.

The little dog was obviously born very recently, still a puppy, with squinting dark green eyes, extremely cute.

"Is this a young wolf cub?" Ouyang Shuo asked uncertainly.

"Very good, the little guy should be a good hunting partner."

Shi Wanshui was quite happy, "Haha, to be accurate, it's the cub of a Black Wolf Dog. Although it looks like a wolf, it isn't a wolf."

"Black Wolf Dog? Not bad, not bad. He'll be a great help in hunting in the future."

Zhao Dexian and the others had also come around, looking curiously at the bag with the little pup. Despite trying to look complacent, they could not hide their interest.

Ouyang Shuo didn't want to dampen their spirits, so he asked curiously, "General, you had such a good harvest while on patrol, there must be a story to go with it! Since everyone is here,

here, tell us your tale, let us know what happened." Ouyang Shuo quickly had the workmen sit down on the floor, making a circle.

General Lui laughed, having no problem with stage fright. He also sat down, and began to narrate his experiences.

"According to lord's command, I left the village at noon, and began to explore the territory. It was calm along the way, but there were pheasants and rabbits here and there, and it was simple to shoot them down. Occasionally, I would encounter one or two bandits, so poor that they did not even have mounts. I went up and killed them. On the way back, however, I met a group of wolves harassing a pack of wild goats. I said nothing more and burst forward into their midst, killing most of them before they could get away. Following them, I actually stumbled on their den. I surprisingly saw this little pup and thinking he might be of use to the lord, so I brought him."

Hearing that the general had encountered wild goats, Ouyang Shuo was silent for a moment, already making a plan for tomorrow. It was too late to set out again today.

Before long, Zhao Youfang's work crew came back, having set up a Basic logging camp. Starting tomorrow, the logging field can be officially opened and become operational. Taking this opportunity, Ouyang Shuo proposed to everyone that there would be a double dinner tonight which will be considered as a celebration of the formal establishment of Shanhai Village.

The only fly in the ointment was that it was a group of working men, and none of them could cook. Fortunately, there was a lot of wild game to add to the fun, or else they'd have little to celebrate with. Ouyang Shuo was really looking forward to tomorrow's settlers coming in, hoping for a chef to help with the cooking.

Quarters for Shi Wanshui were arranged in the east wing while Ouyang Shuo went back to the hall of his own room, ready to rest.

Lying on the hard bed, his eyes closed, Ouyang Shuo sent out mentally, "Log out of the game!" When he opened his eyes, he had quit the game.

Chapter 8 - Ideas

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

Opening the game cabin, Ouyang Shuo found that it was already 6 AM. After a simple wash up, he grabbed his workout clothes, ready to go downstairs for a run.

Having just moved to the district, he was not familiar with the surrounding area, and was ready to run a few laps around the block to see everything. To one side was a row of trees, with several older men doing tai chi.

In the square, there were some older women also up early, moving to some music, practicing a communal dance. It was such a peaceful scene and being just out of the game, he almost fell into a trance.

After his run, he found a breakfast shop, and picked up soy milk, fried dough sticks, buns, and sugar packets. He headed back home and quickly downed the breakfast. Needing a change of clothes, he decided to take a hot bath. Opening up the bathroom door, he was instantly stunned.

He saw Sun Xiaowei sitting there on the toilet, her eyes hazy with sleep, hair a bit of a mess. She was wearing a printed pajamas top, the bottoms under the soles of her feet. She had her kitty-kitty underpants in her hands, ready to stand up.

Her forbidden white thighs were exposed to his sight, and the black hair between them was clearly visible. She looked up to see Ouyang Shuo standing there, and her narrow eyes instantly opened very, very wide.

"AHHHHHHHH, PERVERT!!!!!!" she screamed, voice rapidly ascending somewhere beyond what Shuold've been humanly possible.

Ouyang Shuo's natural reaction was to turn and flee. He slammed the door closed, subconsciously wiping his nose with his hand. "Ah, close call." He muttered. Fortunately, he hadn't gotten a spontaneous nosebleed, or he would have been really embarrassed.

Through his mind repeatedly flashed the picture of those flowery white thighs and the naughty black hair… No, no, don't think about it, it is too evil, hehe...

In order to avoid even more embarrassment, Ouyang Shuo went to Bing'er's room. The little girl had not gotten up. It seemed yesterday had completely worn her out, and she hadn't even stirred.

Opening the door, Ouyang Shuo first opened the curtains, letting warm sunlight into the room. Going to her bedside, he saw his sister with her hand in her mouth, and the other one stretched out onto the quilt, exceptionally cute. He pinched her little nose, saying softly, "Little lazy pig, get up now!"

She shoved his hands away, her eyes not opening, whispering in confusion, "Bad brother, you are bullying me again. Let Bing'er sleep for a while. I'm sleepy."

"Baby sister, you cannot sleep anymore, or else you will be late for school."

The little girl reluctantly opened her eyes, then hurriedly said, "Ah! Bing'er forgot today was a school day, smelly brother did not wake me early." Quickly she clambered up from the quilt, dashing to wash up.

Back in the living room, Xiaoyue had already changed her clothes and was ready to go out. Seeing Ouyang Shuo, her face flushed a bit as she stared fiercely at him.

Ouyang Shuo was indeed a bit embarrassed. Although he did not intentionally do anything wrong, the other side was a girl,

a girl, and he was clearly at a disadvantage. As a man, he had to put on a strong front, and pretend nothing had happened. "I bought breakfast, let's eat!"

Xiaoyue didn't seem to be that kind of fake person, so there was no need to be overly polite as she simply nodded in agreement. They waited until Bing'er had washed and changed into good clothes. The three of them sat down and enjoyed a delicious breakfast together.

After breakfast, Xiaoye was the first to go. Ouyang Shuo let Bing'er run quickly back to her room for a dress. Today, he was personally going to walk her to school.

Along the way, his little sister was smiling. Her brother was personally walking her to school, how could she not be happy?

Getting back from the school, Ouyang Shuo opened up his handbrain, heading for the game forum. The forum ID was naturally associated with the game ID, but most people posted anonymously.

The top post was made by someone called Big Butler. The title of it was "High-Priced Acquisition of Game Currency, effective long-term!" The post mentioned that Big Butler would be paying a credit point per one bronze of ingame currency, with unlimited amounts acceptable.

The posted price point was basically one million credits for one gold piece.

There was an immediate uproar after the post came out. Players were rejoicing, looking at overnight riches.

The indirect result of this post was that there were now countless professional studios turning their eyes to Earth Online. Countless top players now settled into Earth Online, ready to get to work.

Ouyang Shuo knew the person posting. In his past, Big Butler was also a very famous person. He was one of the Six Tyrants of Handan, working as the financial director for Chun Shenjun.

Chun Shenjun's real life identity was the first successor of the Tianhe Consortium, Zhao Mingcheng. He had a blend of a businessman's cunning nature and a old world strategist's ruthlessness, a very contradictory figure.

Tianhe Consortium was one of the largest consortiums in China. They were skilled in high-end equipment manufacturing, especially in regards to aerospace equipment. Earth Online had been commissioned under the name of Tianhe Consortium Manufacturing Enterprises. The company's space exploration branch was the largest of the commercial space companies, possessing every bit as much technology as the Federal Aviation Administration.

While the Handan Six held a tight hegemony, at their core they were quite alike, possessing great pride. The other people were not like Zhao Mingchen who held such a high profile, but they also lacked gold coins, and so they agreed to secretly arrange acquisitions. Naturally, with his financial strength, Mingcheng really was worthy of being the first amongst them.

Ouyang Shuo was not worried that the Tyrants could buy a lot of gold coins. Earth Online was a very balanced game, with the personal adventure path design very close to reality.

For now, the players could only afford the basics, maintaining their food and clothing. Buying equipment was hard; money was very precious. It would be at least a month before the high-end players starting overcoming the starting money hurdle and began to profit. Starting up a gold farm operation was clever, but they had to obey the basic laws of the game.

Naturally, the forums were divided with bitter complaints, whether they were lords or adventurers. The game was too real. Nobody could afford much of anything, and non-humanoid monsters would only leave bodies and nothing else.

Humanoid monsters would drop money or equipment but at this point, nobody had money or equipment, and most bandits were not something people could compete with. Store-bought goods were expensive and on the first day of the game, very few people even had bronze-class weapons. Even with weapons, maintenance costs would keep draining their cash.

Lord class players weren't doing much better. There were too many things to build. Building a village from the basic resource base was very difficult. They couldn't afford to buy building plans. If they went in the wilderness to try their luck, they had no soldiers behind them which meant that fighting bandits was simply unrealistic.

The players who had gotten officers from their Summoning Talismans had an easier time. At least, the officers could fight a little bit. Those who summoned administrators were unlucky, their territories were completely undefended.

With such contrasts, Ouyang Shuo finally realized how lucky he was. If he had not completed the Village Building Quest with 100% which made all of the rewards better by one tier as well as a hundred gold, he would've been far behind.

At the same time, Ouyang Shuo had to keep in mind that he had to stay alert and not become complacent. He would have to work hard to keep his early advantages, transferring them into the potential of his territory and developing them. More accumulation would lead to more advantages, building the foundation of his dominance.

After all, this dilemma of the players was only temporary. As long as you could make it through the early accumulation period, the gaps would all soon shrink. This was especially true of the Six Tyrants of Handan, who as representatives of power groups had a great deal of money and backers. In contrast, he was very alone. Earth Online was all about team building, so there wasn't a great solo player who could defeat ten thousand people at once.

According to what he remembered, at some point in his past life, people had started looking for other lords and formed alliances. A good territory would also attract talented players. Ouyang Shuo believed in his own ability and in his ability to direct others.

Otherwise, people who tried to build by themselves could fall easily; it was difficult to grow. If the

grow. If the timing was right, roping in others could be done.

People thinking about the recruiting players would have to wait a full year. At that point, the nobody would have to worry about their life and people would be on the same starting line. This way, lords didn't have to worry about real life issues by strong factions. Closing the forum, Ouyang Shuo began to look up all kinds of historical information on the internet. The past game had a famous saying: If you are not familiar with history, you are not a qualified Lord.

The whole game world of The World Online was produced by historical deductions. If you werent familiar with history, then there was no way to cleanly fit into the game. Ouyang Shuo took this topic as his main homework of the day, and planned to adhere to it long-term.

At 4:30 PM, Bing'er came home from school. At 6 PM, Xiaoyue came back from school. Ouyang Shuo made dinner again.

At the dinner table, Bing'er told her brother all about the interesting things that had happened in school that day. Xiao Ming had overslept, had come to school late and had been punished by the teacher. Xiao Li had worn a new dress today, but it had been dirtied by Xiao Hua; the teacher had made her apologize in front of the class to Xiao Li. Xiao Yi's braids today had been very beautiful, so the girls had gotten together and had been taught how to braid hair by her. Ouyang Shuo smiled as he listened. There was a tacit understanding between them.

Only he knew how hard the death of their parents had hit Bing'er. For a long time, she had been quiet and withdrawn into her own shell. Every day, Ouyang Shuo accompanied her, comforted her, made her happy, and let her slowly recover over time.

For Bing'er, Ouyang Shuo was both a brother and a father. Outsiders couldn't understand the depth of the feelings between them. That blow had turned Bing'er from a lively little monkey into a quiet little girl. In her class, she only had a couple of friends. Only in front of Ouyang Shuo would she once again become happy and carefree.

Being able to look at Bing'er's healthy growth was Ouyang Shuo's greatest happiness in life. Unfortunately, for the next year, Ouyang Shuo would be heading early to bed every night to enter the game. He had no way to accompany her to paint, to do her homework, to coax her to sleep, or to tell her stories.

Thinking of his sister spending every night alone writing homework and going to bed by herself, Ouyang Shuo's heart twitched. This was absolutely unacceptable, even if he had to log in later to the game.

Looking up at Xiaoyue sitting across from him, Ouyang Shuo had an idea. After dinner, with Xiaoyue rushing to wash the dishes, he knew that her family education was good.

Waiting for her to finish cleaning up, Ouyang Shuo took Bing'er back to her room to get started on her homework, and also stopped to say something to Xiaoyue. "Wait up a moment. I have something to talk to you about."

Thinking of the embarrassing events of the morning and that Ouyang Shuo was going to bring them up, Xioayue's face quickly turned red, and she started to stutter. "Wh-what do you want to talk to me about?"

Seeing her with that expression, Ouyang Shuo scratched his head, and continued on. "Important things. It won't take very long!"

Important things? I don't know what he is thinking about, what is he going to say? Will he say I am responsible for everything? Xiaoyue thought crankily, sitting down on the edge of the sofa.

Seeing that Xiaoyue was acting weird, Ouyang Shuo cut the long story short, "You know that yesterday I started playing a new game called Earth Online. This game is very important to me and every night at 8 PM, I have to go online."

"Ah? Ah?" she replied blankly. Wait, this guy is not going to talk about this morning. Well, he must have forgotten! Pervert! Rogue! The woman's mind was so unpredictable

Seeing Ouyang Shuo looking so surprised, Xiaoyue wanted to slap Ouyang Shuo with her shoes. At this time, she could only try and cover up the embarrassing mood, trying to squeeze out a smile. "Ah, ha, yes. Please, continue."

No matter how slow he was, Ouyang Shuo could see that she had a problem. But, all he could do was soldier on and pretend he saw nothing. He continued, "In fact, what I want to say is very simple. That is, can you replace me at night? She gets a fairy tale before bedtime! As long as you can help me, please name your conditions!"

"Oh this, no problem! I also like Bing'er, I see her as a little sister. No need to mention any conditions. As long as you cook dinner every night for us, I will do it!" Sun Xiaoyue said readily.

"Thank you, you are helping me a great deal," Ouyang Shuo said, and did not say more. They were thinking alike, and there was no need to say more.

The embarrassed mood passed, but they had nothing else to talk about. Ouyang Shuo went back to Bing'er's room, and saw the little girl quietly working on her homework at her desk, cute enough to kill.

Assured that Bing'er would get her story read to her by Xiaoyue, this set his mind at ease. Ouyang Shuo went back to his room after giving Bing'er a kiss. Although Bing'er might not have been happy with everything, she knew better than to bother her brother needlessly!



* * *





Chapter 8




Chapter 8

Chapter 8 - Ideas



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun



Opening the game cabin, Ouyang Shuo found that it was already 6 AM. After a simple wash up, he grabbed his workout clothes, ready to go downstairs for a run.

Having just moved to the district, he was not familiar with the surrounding area, and was ready to run a few laps around the block to see everything. To one side was a row of trees, with several older men doing tai chi.

In the square, there were some older women also up early, moving to some music, practicing a communal dance. It was such a peaceful scene and being just out of the game, he almost fell into a trance.

After his run, he found a breakfast shop, and picked up soy milk, fried dough sticks, buns, and sugar packets. He headed back home and quickly downed the breakfast. Needing a change of clothes, he decided to take a hot bath. Opening up the bathroom door, he was instantly stunned.

He saw Sun Xiaowei sitting there on the toilet, her eyes hazy with sleep, hair a bit of a mess. She was wearing a printed pajamas top, the bottoms under the soles of her feet. She had her kitty-kitty underpants in her hands, ready to stand up.

Her forbidden white thighs were exposed to his sight, and the black hair between them was clearly visible. She looked up to see Ouyang Shuo standing there, and her narrow eyes instantly opened very, very wide.

“AHHHHHHHH, PERVERT!!!!!!” she screamed, voice rapidly ascending somewhere beyond what Shuold’ve been humanly possible.

Ouyang Shuo’s natural reaction was to turn and flee. He slammed the door closed, subconsciously wiping his nose with his hand. “Ah, close call.” He muttered. Fortunately, he hadn’t gotten a spontaneous nosebleed, or he would have been really embarrassed.

Through his mind repeatedly flashed the picture of those flowery white thighs and the naughty black hair… No, no, don’t think about it, it is too evil, hehe...

In order to avoid even more embarrassment, Ouyang Shuo went to Bing’er’s room. The little girl had not gotten up. It seemed yesterday had completely worn her out, and she hadn’t even stirred.

Opening the door, Ouyang Shuo first opened the curtains, letting warm sunlight into the room. Going to her bedside, he saw his sister with her hand in her mouth, and the other one stretched out onto the quilt, exceptionally cute. He pinched her little nose, saying softly, “Little lazy pig, get up now!”

She shoved his hands away, her eyes not opening, whispering in confusion, “Bad brother, you are bullying me again. Let Bing’er sleep for a while. I’m sleepy.”

“Baby sister, you cannot sleep anymore, or else you will be late for school.”

The little girl reluctantly opened her eyes, then hurriedly said, “Ah! Bing’er forgot today was a school day, smelly brother did not wake me early.” Quickly she clambered up from the quilt, dashing to wash up.

Back in the living room, Xiaoyue had already changed her clothes and was ready to go out. Seeing Ouyang Shuo, her face flushed a bit as she stared fiercely at him.

Ouyang Shuo was indeed a bit embarrassed. Although he did not intentionally do anything wrong, the other side was a girl, and he was clearly at a disadvantage. As a man, he had to put on a strong front, and pretend nothing had happened. “I bought breakfast, let’s eat!”

Xiaoyue didn’t seem to be that kind of fake person, so there was no need to be overly polite as she simply nodded in agreement. They waited until Bing’

er had washed and changed into good clothes. The three of them sat down and enjoyed a delicious breakfast together. After breakfast, Xiaoye was the first to go. Ouyang Shuo let Bing’er run quickly back to her room for a dress. Today, he was personally going to walk her to school.

Along the way, his little sister was smiling. Her brother was personally walking her to school, how could she not be happy?

Getting back from the school, Ouyang Shuo opened up his handbrain, heading for the game forum. The forum ID was naturally associated with the game ID, but most people posted anonymously.

The top post was made by someone called Big Butler. The title of it was “High-Priced Acquisition of Game Currency, effective long-term!” The post mentioned that Big Butler would be paying a credit point per one bronze of ingame currency, with unlimited amounts acceptable.

The posted price point was basically one million credits for one gold piece.

There was an immediate uproar after the post came out. Players were rejoicing, looking at overnight riches.

The indirect result of this post was that there were now countless professional studios turning their eyes to Earth Online. Countless top players now settled into Earth Online, ready to get to work.

Ouyang Shuo knew the person posting. In his past, Big Butler was also a very famous person. He was one of the Six Tyrants of Handan, working as the financial director for Chun Shenjun.

Chun Shenjun’s real life identity was the first successor of the Tianhe Consortium, Zhao Mingcheng. He had a blend of a businessman’s cunning nature and a old world strategist’s ruthlessness, a very contradictory figure.

Tianhe Consortium was one of the largest consortiums in China. They were skilled in high-end equipment manufacturing, especially in regards to aerospace equipment. Earth Online had been commissioned under the name of Tianhe Consortium Manufacturing Enterprises. The company’s space exploration branch was the largest of the commercial space companies, possessing every bit as much technology as the Federal Aviation Administration.

While the Handan Six held a tight hegemony, at their core they were quite alike, possessing great pride. The other people were not like Zhao Mingchen who held such a high profile, but they also lacked gold coins, and so they agreed to secretly arrange acquisitions. Naturally, with his financial strength, Mingcheng really was worthy of being the first amongst them.

Ouyang Shuo was not worried that the Tyrants could buy a lot of gold coins. Earth Online was a very balanced game, with the personal adventure path design very close to reality.

For now, the players could only afford the basics, maintaining their food and clothing. Buying equipment was hard; money was very precious. It would be at least a month before the high-end players starting overcoming the starting money hurdle and began to profit. Starting up a gold farm operation was clever, but they had to obey the basic laws of the game.

Naturally, the forums were divided with bitter complaints, whether they were lords or adventurers. The game was too real. Nobody could afford much of anything, and non-humanoid monsters would only leave bodies and nothing else.

Humanoid monsters would drop money or equipment but at this point, nobody had money or equipment, and most bandits were not something people could compete with. Store-bought goods were expensive and on the first day of the game, very few people even had bronze-class weapons. Even with weapons, maintenance costs would keep draining their cash.

Lord class players weren’t doing much better. There were too many things to build. Building a village from the basic resource base was very difficult. They couldn’t afford to buy building plans. If they went in the wilderness to try their luck, they had no soldiers behind them which meant that fighting bandits was simply unrealistic.

The players who had gotten officers from their Summoning Talismans had an easier time. At least, the officers could fight a little bit. Those who summoned administrators were unlucky, their territories were completely undefended.

With such contrasts, Ouyang Shuo finally realized how lucky he was. If he had not completed the Village Building Quest with 100% which made all of the rewards better by one tier as well as a hundred gold, he would’ve been far behind.

At the same time, Ouyang Shuo had to keep in mind that he had to stay alert and not become complacent. He would have to work hard to keep his early advantages, transferring them into the potential of his territory and developing them. More accumulation would lead to more advantages, building the foundation of his dominance.

After all, this dilemma of the players was only temporary. As long as you could make it through the early accumulation period, the gaps would all soon shrink. This was especially true of the Six Tyrants of Handan, who as representatives of power groups had a great deal of money and backers. In contrast, he was very alone. Earth Online was all about team building, so there wasn’t a great solo player who could defeat ten thousand people at once.

According to what he remembered, at some point in his past life, people had started looking for other lords and formed alliances. A good territory would also attract talented players. Ouyang Shuo believed in his own ability and in his ability to direct others.

Otherwise, people who tried to build by themselves could fall easily; it was difficult to grow. If the timing was right, roping in others could be done.

People thinking about the recruiting players would have to wait a full year. At that point, the nobody would have to worry about their life and people would be on the same starting line. This way, lords didn’t have to worry about real life issues by strong factions. Closing the forum, Ouyang Shuo began to look up all kinds of historical information on the internet. The past game had a famous saying: If you are not familiar with history, you are not a qualified Lord.

The whole game world of The World Online was produced by historical deductions. If you werent familiar with history, then there was no way to cleanly fit into the game. Ouyang Shuo took this topic as his main homework of the day, and planned to adhere to it long-term.

At 4:30 PM, Bing’er came home from school. At 6 PM, Xiaoyue came back from school. Ouyang Shuo made dinner again.

At the dinner table, Bing’er told her brother all about the interesting things that had happened in school that day. Xiao Ming had overslept, had come to school late and had been punished by the teacher. Xiao Li had worn a new dress today, but it had been dirtied by Xiao Hua; the teacher had made her apologize in front of the class to Xiao Li. Xiao Yi’s braids today had been very beautiful, so the girls had gotten together and had been taught how to braid hair by her. Ouyang Shuo smiled as he listened. There was a tacit understanding between them.

Only he knew how hard the death of their parents had hit Bing’er. For a long time, she had been quiet and withdrawn into her own shell. Every day, Ouyang Shuo accompanied her, comforted her, made her happy, and let her slowly recover over time.

For Bing’er, Ouyang Shuo was both a brother and a father. Outsiders couldn’t understand the depth of the feelings between them. That blow had turned Bing’er from a lively little monkey into a quiet little girl. In her class, she only had a couple of friends. Only in front of Ouyang Shuo would she once again become happy and carefree.

Being able to look at Bing’er’s healthy growth was Ouyang Shuo’s greatest happiness in life. Unfortunately, for the next year, Ouyang Shuo would be heading early to bed every night to enter the game. He had no way to accompany her to paint, to do her homework, to coax her to sleep, or to tell her stories.

Thinking of his sister spending every night alone writing homework and going to bed by herself, Ouyang Shuo’s heart twitched. This was absolutely unacceptable, even if he had to log in later to the game.

Looking up at Xiaoyue sitting across from him, Ouyang Shuo had an idea. After dinner, with Xiaoyue rushing to wash the dishes, he knew that her family education was good.

Waiting for her to finish cleaning up, Ouyang Shuo took Bing’er back to her room to get started on her homework, and also stopped to say something to Xiaoyue. “Wait up a moment. I have something to talk to you about.”

Thinking of the embarrassing events of the morning and that Ouyang Shuo was going to bring them up, Xioayue’s face quickly turned red, and she started to stutter. “Wh-what do you want to talk to me about?”

Seeing her with that expression, Ouyang Shuo scratched his head, and continued on. “Important things. It won’t take very long!”

Important things? I don’t know what he is thinking about, what is he going to say? Will he say I am responsible for everything? Xiaoyue thought crankily, sitting down on the edge of the sofa.

Seeing that Xiaoyue was acting weird, Ouyang Shuo cut the long story short, “You know that yesterday I started playing a new game called Earth Online. This game is very important to me and every night at 8 PM, I have to go online.”

“Ah? Ah?” she replied blankly. Wait, this guy is not going to talk about this morning. Well, he must have forgotten! Pervert! Rogue! The woman’s mind was so unpredictable

Seeing Ouyang Shuo looking so surprised, Xiaoyue wanted to slap Ouyang Shuo with her shoes. At this time, she could only try and cover up the embarrassing mood, trying to squeeze out a smile. “Ah, ha, yes. Please, continue.”

No matter how slow he was, Ouyang Shuo could see that she had a problem. But, all he could do was soldier on and pretend he saw nothing. He continued, “In fact, what I want to say is very simple. That is, can you replace me at night? She gets a fairy tale before bedtime! As long as you can help me, please name your conditions!”

“Oh this, no problem! I also like Bing’er, I see her as a little sister. No need to mention any conditions. As long as you cook dinner every night for us, I will do it!” Sun Xiaoyue said readily.

“Thank you, you are helping me a great deal,” Ouyang Shuo said, and did not say more. They were thinking alike, and there was no need to say more.

The embarrassed mood passed, but they had nothing else to talk about. Ouyang Shuo went back to Bing’er’s room, and saw the little girl quietly working on her homework at her desk, cute enough to kill.

Assured that Bing’er would get her story read to her by Xiaoyue, this set his mind at ease. Ouyang Shuo went back to his room after giving Bing’er a kiss. Although Bing’er might not have been happy with everything, she knew better than to bother her brother needlessly!



* * *





Chapter 9




Chapter 9-10

Chapter 9 - Cui Yingyu

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Levs

When Ouyang Shuo had arrived online, the game time was just after 8 AM. From outside the door came a whirring sound, mixed with waves of cheers.

Opening the door, Ouyang Shuo saw that General Shi was displaying his spearmanship while Zhao Dexian and the others were watching from the sides, fascinated by his skill, and from time to time applauding.

Seeing that Ouyang Shuo had come out, Zuo Yi exclaimed, "Lord sire!"

Ouyang Shuo quickly replied, "No need to stand on ceremony. As the saying goes, the day is in the morning! Today we have a lot of things to do. As for specific circumstances, I am going into the village after the new settlers are ushered in. If you are free, you can go with me."

"Please ask the prince, workers!"

Everyone came to the village again. Sure enough, another group of people had gathered there. They were the same, thin and dressed in poor rags. The difference was that this was a group of fifteen people, and had a mix of men and women, old and young. They were also carrying more belongings, some with a backpack, more like a family migration than the first batch.

They were led by a man in his fifties named Lao Zheng, he was very sturdily built and tough-looking. Everyone briefly introduced themselves after realizing who Ouyang Shuo was, and did not stay out in the village for too long. Ouyang Shuo personally took the luggage of the old man, and took the lead in bringing the group back.

Zhao Dexian, alarmed to see Ouyang Shuo carrying the luggage, quickly intervened to help with the luggage of the others, and followed the group back. Respect for the elderly was one of the traditional virtues of China, so Ouyang Shuo hoped that through a hands-on example it would pass to all of the others.

Back at the Lord's Manor, a cookfire was set quickly. This time, among the fifteen, there was a pair of middle-aged couples. In one, the husband was a junior blacksmith, while the wife was a cook!

After breakfast, Ouyang Shuo started getting a detailed understanding of everyone's situation. Fifteen people, five special talents, the other ten were ordinary farmers.

The older man in his fifties, surnamed Song, was a senior doctor, and was the first high-level talent in the village. Young child Er Wazi was a shepherd, only eleven years old, very skinny and underfed, and also an orphan.

Li Tiezhu was a blacksmith, burly, with bright and piercing eyes, looking a bit like a simpleton. His wife was named Lee, a junior chef, and a young mother.

The most special was another woman. This woman was 28, and quite beautiful. She was called Cui Yingyu. Originally a businesswoman, she had been trained to grow up and help her father in the family business.

Half a month ago, the family's caravan encountered robbers. Under the protection of their escort, she was able to escape. She had found herself lost in the wilderness, and after many hardships, had almost starved to death. Doctor Song had saved her, and finally after following their current group of wanderers, they had come to Shanhai Village.

After gaining a general understanding of the situation of the these immigrants, Ouyang Shuo gathered everyone into the courtyard. Nearly thirty people gathered, a decent-sized crowd.

Seeing the growing numbers, Ouyang Shuo said proudly, "Today there are fifteen new brothers and sisters who have joined the big family of Shanhai Village. The village is still being built up from scratch, and it is hard to say that we are doing well...but we are here and trying!

"We have three things to accomplish today. First of all, we have to complete the repairs of the fences. Secondly, we have to build a small residential courtyard to provide shelter for everyone. Finally, I hope that everyone will work hard together and obey their leaders, so that we accomplish all this and get your homes built before night falls!"

The excited crowd answered together, "I will follow the lord's commands!"

"Here, I declare the specific personnel arrangements."

Zhao Dexian immediately bowed as he answered, "Sir."

"I formally appoint you as construction team captain, coordinate all the building projects in the village."

"Thank you, sire, for the promotion." Finished, Zhao Dexian returned to his original postion.

"System Tip: Zhao Dexian has been promoted by his lord, his loyalty has increased 5 points!"

"Zhao Youfang!"

"Sir." Zhao Youfang quickly stepped out.

"You are appointed as the acting chief of the basic logging site and are responsible for the securing of timber for our territory."

"Thank you, sire, for the promotion." Also finished, he returned to his original place.

"System Tip: Zhao Youfang has been promoted by his lord, his loyalty has increased 5 points!"

In addition to the two men, Ouyang Shuo appointed Song Dafu as the one responsible for collecting herbs, Miss Choi for logistics, Miss

Lee was responsible for the food, and Er Wazi was to attend to himself. These four people are not in the distribution of labor, the rest were temporarily included with the construction team.

Song Dafu came forward. "Thank you, sire," he said.

Ouyang Shuo waved his hand to accept the words, then said, "We are starting work! Doctor, Miss Cui, and Er Wazi, with me."

Finished, Ouyang Shuo stopped Zhao Dexian and gave him the drawings for the residential courtyards and dining hall, with clear directions on where he wanted these buildings constructed. The residential halls would be in the west area, along the north/south line. The dining hall would be built in the southwest, close to the Lord's Manor.

After his instructions were done, the rest of the people under Zhao Dexian set out to work. Zhao Youfang and his team waited a minute to speak with him. "Sire, I'm afraid the work that can be done by my team might be limited, we have older folk in my team!"

Ouyang Shuo smiled and patted his shoulder, saying, "Yes, I have already purchased 500 units of wood to help cover the needs for the moment. What you have to do is explore the forest and see what is available for us to use, calculate the total amount of wood that can be harvested. In addition, you need to pay attention and see if there are any precious trees, and mark them for attention. Youfang, your job is important!"

Zhao Youfang suddenly realized what he had to do, and respectfully said, "Thank you for your instruction, sire! We will do this quickly!"

"Well, get to work!" Sending Zhao Youfang and his people away, Ouyang Shuo turned to address the Song trio. "Doctor Song, the village has no way at the moment for you to set up a hospital. For the time being, you will stay in the Lord's Manor. When our territory upgrades to a level two village, we will be able to build you a clinic." The doctor was considered a gentleman by Shuo, hence his treatment.

Dr. Song's expression was light-skinned, with delicate bones, and an indifferent expression. "As sire has arranged, I have nothing to ask except for one thing. Miss Cui is a gentlewoman, and I hope the lord might be able to take care of her."

Ouyang Shuo quickly replied, "This is only natural."

"So, I think Miss Cui might act as housekeeper, as I hope the Lord intends?" They turned to look at Miss Cui.

Seeing Miss Cui being agreeable, Dr. Song spoke quickly, "This is excellent. With this kind of treatment, if there are no objections, nobody will complain." He turned to Miss Cui, "Miss Cui, before any others rush to claim the job, do you have any objections?"

Miss Cui was a businessman's daughter, but also ladylike. Her appearance was naturally elegant, with a gentle temperament, and somehow managed to be stylish even with her travel-worn appearance. Her sufferings and hardships had not soured her beauty, but in the gentleness was more than a trace of new strength.

She slowly went opposite of Dr. Song, bowing to him and saying affectionately, "I thank senior for caring for this little miss." He had been caring for her all this time, and naturally she was grateful for him looking out for her.

Dr. Song quickly lifted her back up, saying, "Very good! Since you have said this, come and meet your brother!"

Cui Yingyu rose and turned to Shuo, bowing again. "Little sister Yingyu greets big brother. Thank you, big brother, for taking care of little sister!"

Ouyang Shuo quickly answered, "It is truly nothing. It is my fortune to greet Miss Yingyu. My surname is Ouyang, you may call me that if you like."

"Big brother Ouyang may call me Yingyu, as this family also called me, hee hee." After they set the proper brother and sister relationship, Cui Yingyu was no longer very cautious, recovering some of her natural demeanor.

"System Tip: Congratulations to player Qiyue Wiyu and NPC Cui Yingyu for setting a brother and sister relationship, unlocking the God-Sibling System, reward is 200 reputation points!"

Ouyang Shuo glanced at the stats of Cui Yingyu.

Name: Cui Yingyu (Silver)

Identity: Shanhai village, lady of the house

Occupation: Businesswoman

Loyalty: 85 points

Features: Careful planning (Enhances trade profits in the area by 1%)

Evaluation: From the Cui commercial family, family of women, gentle temperament, proper businesswoman.

She was actually a silver talent, a pleasant surprise. She was indeed a valuable retainer, with a loyalty of 85 he was immediately able to trust this rare new talent.

Without hesitation, Ouyang Shuo took the resource bag from his waist and pressed it into her hands, solemnly saying, "Yingyu, we are a family now, and your brother entrusts this material to your custody. I will have to trouble you with our material management."

Yinyu solemnly took the resource bag, asking how it was used. She then said, "Thank you, brother Ouyang, Yingyu will live up to big brother's trust!"

After arranging for Dr.

Dr. Song's and Yingyu's affairs, Ouyang Shuo turned to the little boy hiding off to the side. He was playing with the black wolf cub like a little herdsman as Ouyang Shuo loudly said, "Er Wazi, come!"

Yesterday, Ouyang Shuo had let Youfang make a wooden cage. The bottom of it was covered with hay, a den for the cub. Er Wazi was still a child, of course, and upon seeing the cute little cub, he immediately wanted to play with it, sneaking past to tease the cub.

Hearing Ouyang Shuo's call, Er Wazi stiffened reflexively. Goofing off before the Lord and being negligent, he naturally was afraid of being punished.

"Sir!" he called out, quickly trotting back to Shuo.

Ouyang Shuo brought him to his side, patting his head. He said, "Do not be afraid. Tell me, what did you use to do?"

Er Wazi, with his head down, meekly replied, "I used to help with the cattle."

"That was then, this is now. For now, you will just follow me as a temporary servant. When there is time, Sister Cui will teach you how to read. Do you understand me? I do not have any cattle to give you now to manage."

Hearing that not only he was not going to be punished, but instead had the opportunity to learn how to read, Er Wazi nodded excitedly, saying loudly, "I understand!" He was thinking inside that his former landlord and this new lord were definitely not the same.

Ouyang Shuo said, "Well, study hard, in the future you will be a useful talent for the territory. In addition, I have an important job for you." With just his fingers, he stuck them through the cage of the pup to tease it. "Watching you tease it, I have given it a name. It will be called Blackfang. You need to take care of him and feed him well, can you do it?"

Hearing that he was going to get to take care of Blackfang, Wazi got even happier, and nodded so hard that his head might fall off. "I can do it!"

Ouyang Shuo patted his head, saying, "Well, go play with him! If something comes up I will call you!"

With the arrangements for his people completed, Ouyang Shuo went to find General Shi and ask more about the situation with the wild goats. He made up his mind to see if those goats could be brought back to captivity.

Chapter 10 - Free Mode

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

Ouyang Shuo walked to the east wing of the Lord's Manor, and found General Shi reading a book on military history. He did not bother him, but the General quickly felt him watching.

He turned and saw Ouyang Shuo standing at the door. Quickly, he rose and bowed in salute, calling out, "Lord!" Then, puzzled, he asked, "Since the lord already came, why did you not enter? There's nothing to fear"

Ouyang Shuo laughed. "Seeing you concentrating so hard, I could not bear to disturb you."

General Shi smiled and scratched his head. "My lord laughs. I just like to read the books on war in my leisure time. I do not know what else to say to the lord. Have you come to tell me something?"

"Yes, there is something I need to ask you. Yesterday, you returned and said you had encountered a group of wild goats. I do not know their location. Can you find them again?"

General Shi frowned, thinking for a moment, and slowly said, "I remember that the group of goats numbered fifty or so. Some were killed by the wild dogs; the rest scattered and fled."

"It is so. At the moment, there is no livestock in the territory, and meat is very scarce. Yesterday you mentioned the goats in passing. I was wondering, could we not capture them and bring them back to be domesticated?"

General Shi was surprised for a moment. "The lord is really farsighted, I admire you. With the lord's permission, I will go and see if find where I met them, and follow their tracks."

"That sounds hard, I will wait for you to bring any good news."

After sending General Shi away, Ouyang Shuo began to wander in the village to assess the progress of the construction everywhere. At rest time, he sat down and chatted with everyone, listening to them and giving them attention.

In this way, the villagers would gradually recognize the work of a meticulous, intelligent, yet approachable lord. On seeing him, they would take the initiative to salute greetings. Ouyang Shuo was not haughty, and gave each of them a smile in response.

Before lunch, the fence was finished. At the entrance gate

entrance gate to the village, they put up a simple wooden gatehouse. Above the gate, they engraved 'Shanghai Village', three simple characters that declared that the mountain village was officially rooted in the wilderness.

At 3 PM, General Shi came back, bearing both good news and bad news. The good news was that on his patrol he met a bandit riding a horse, and after killing him, gained both a horse and an iron sword. The bad news was that the wild goats had left no trail, and effectively vanished into thin air, so Ouyang Shuo could only pine over their loss.

Ouyang Shuo took the horse and iron gun from the General, and looked at their stats.

Name: Poor horse (bronze)

Weight: 30 kg

Speed: 20 km / day

Consumption: 3 units of forage / day

Evaluation: This can barely be ridden. Absolutely not a warhorse.

Name: Poor iron sword (bronze grade)

Hardness: 5

Toughness: 3

Evaluation: Iron sword is a defective product, please use with caution.

At this stage, even bronze-level equipment was rare. Suddenly he had two without even using his own hands. If he were to let other players know, they'd be half-dead with envy.

This was part of the advantage of lord-class players, the higher the risk, the higher the chance of better drops. These kind of high level monsters were nothing in the eyes of General Shi. With the horse and iron sword, Ouyang Shuo could now go out and inspect his own territory, he didn't need to stay in the village all day. Before learning the basics of riding and marksmanship, he was nearly useless.

In the evening, the small residential courtyard and dining hall had both been built. During the feast in the new dining hall, Ouyang Shuo began to shift everyone's accommodations.

The main hall of the Lord's Manor was the living room, which was being used for hospitality and any proceedings. There were rooms to the right and left of the living room. To the east was his office; on the west was his bedroom.

There were courtyards on both sides of the room, with another two rooms off of them. The east room was General Shi's, while the west currently held the ten people from Zhao village.

Last night ten people slept there, but they'd barely had enough room.

After the completion of the small residential courtyard, he had room for twenty people to live. Tonight, most of the Zhao people would move away, leaving only Zhao Dexian and Zhao Youfang in their new home. The previously empty west wing would now accommodate Cui Yingyu on one side, and Dr. Song and Er Wazi in the other.

********************

Over the next three days, the territory began to build up rapidly. The public bathrooms, blacksmith shop, quarry, and grocery store had all been built, and they'd added four more residential courtyards.

The logging and quarry areas had also begun operating, with ten farmers arranged each day to produce 100 units of wood and 50 units of stone.

He didn't know why, but he must have consumed too much good luck for the first couple of days, because he only received three special talents out of the 45 new immigrants over these three days.

The junior mason Zheng Shangun was a middle-aged man, whom Ouyang Shuo appointed as the quarry manager. Merchant Li Fugui, a fat old man, was put in charge of the grocery store.

The biggest surprise was a senior shipbuilder, who was also the second highly-skilled person in the territory. He was called Zheng Dahai, a thirty year old with a dark complexion, short and pithy.

It was early morning in the game as Ouyang Shuo came on at his usual time. Opening the door to the courtyard was always fun. General Shi was practicing his spearmanship like normal. Like his officers, martial arts was practiced until it was an instinct, not practicing made his whole body itchy.

Dr. Song was in the courtyard on the other side, doing kung fu. In the corner of the courtyard,Er Wazi was playing with Blackfang while feeding him.

Since receiving the iron sword three days ago, he had also joined the ranks of early morning martial arts. General Shi was happy to provide him guidance, or the road to mastery would've taken many detours.

The sword was the most profound military weapon, and the most difficult to learn. Practice started with the broadsword. It was a one-handed flat sword, straight and pointed, practiced for 3-5 hours a day, until you could accurately tell the difference in weight from an insect landing on the blade.

Ouyang Shuo understood the reason for this practice: it was part of how the game handled skills.

In Earth Online, the skills of the players were divided into system boot mode and free mode. Boot mode meant the skills of a book. After reading them you didn't control them. When improving mediation skills, for example, the game would automatically display any improvements.

Free mode was something original to Earth Online, where the player learned skills, and the contents of

the contents of a book were imprinted in the mind. Then, the players had to act in accordance with the moves and practice tips in their mind, actually putting in practice time like martial arts in general.

So players in the game practiced, and through the system's spiritual connection, the memory of this exercise was passed to the reality of their body. Through repeated training, this exercise was strengthened into instinct. In this case, the player could in reality, with a little practice, wake up his body's memory, and in the real world display the game's martial arts.

Of course, the choice of free mode had a prerequisite in that it applied only to specific skill books open to free mode. Through the special skills books, Gaia had, through refining real martial arts, deduced the perfect reality-defying power law.

In reality, the ancient Wu family, by contributing martial arts texts, had access to the closed beta qualifications and custom game cabins. More importantly, with Gaia's incredible computing ability applied to existing martial arts powers, combined with modern human medical research, they had formed a new and more complete science of martial arts abilities.

These abilities were infuriatingly hard to practice because of the extremely rare internal energy requirements. Things like spearmanship were, in the end, only a kind of physical memory. To really master the sword, you needed to repeatedly practice it in reality.

Practicing internal force was completely different. You had to stir the spirit and body to produce internal force, and then control your qi while running it through your meridians.

Therefore, the players in the game practiced internal strength. In reality, the game cabin had an intelligent system that stimulated the same thing, so that your body also produced internal forces, and the nutrient delivery system accurately transported the energy required for cultivation. It was not just more practical than real practice, but was also more efficient and a perfect combination of ancient kung fu and modern technology.

In fact, this was also part of the interplanetary plan codenamed 'Hope'. After all, right now nobody was aware of the condition of planet Hope. Was it a primitive planet, had it evolved to a high level, or was there another civilization there? Everything was unknown. In this case, being able to enhance the physical abilities of the people was a good choice.

These scientific martial art powers were put in every corner of the game for players to explore. Beta players were unable to distinguish between the true and false powers.

A year after release, after every human alive had logged in, Gaia had announced the way to differentiate between true and false. The method was simple, any power ending with 'by' or 'Code' were true, and anything ending with 'surgery' or 'law' was false. There was only one exception, and that was that all the basic skills were true, such as the basic riding and spearmanship skills, which Ouyang Shuo was currently learning.

In his past life, one of the Six Tyrants of Handan, Feng Qingyang, had been the representative of the ancient Wu family, and relying on his own judgement of martial arts, discovered Gaia's method, and how to judge which methods were true and false.

Within a year, the Wu family secretly hoarded a massive number of real powers, and so when Gaia announced the truth, it left them crying into their cups. In this world, Ouyang Shuo would naturally take advantage of his knowledge.

Back in the courtyard, Ouyang Shuo began in accordance with the basic spearmanship tips, practicing large swings. He was ready to continue with the practice, as he hadn't found any martial arts powers to work with yet.

Due to his rebirth, he naturally wanted to spend the most time practicing the best skills. Because of this arrogance, he didn't want to spend a lot of time practicing basic skills. In China, there was a set of the highest level of classic internal strength manuals, broken into three sets of powers. In the past five years, nobody had gotten more than two of them.

In this world, Ouyang Shuo's goal was to cobble together these three sets of skills, combined with the strongest internal strength books, and make their fusion his strongest trump card.

After practicing with a large spear for a whole hour, Ouyang Shuo ended his morning exercises. Carrying the spear, he walked towards the living room. Every morning at 9 AM, the managers of the territory gathered there, a rule he had set the day before.

At this stage, only five people were participating in the proceedings there. General Shi, Trade Manager Cui Yingyu, Construction Manager Elder Dexian, Logging Manager Zhao Youfang, and Quarry Manager Zheng Shanpao.

In addition, if there were additional issues, relevant personnel could be invited to attend. For example, today's issues were related to the construction of the dockyard, so Ouyang Shuo had informed senior shipbuilder Zheng Dahai to attend today.



* * *





Chapter 10




Chapter 10

Chapter 10 - Free Mode



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun



Ouyang Shuo walked to the east wing of the Lord’s Manor, and found General Shi reading a book on military history. He did not bother him, but the General quickly felt him watching.

He turned and saw Ouyang Shuo standing at the door. Quickly, he rose and bowed in salute, calling out, “Lord!” Then, puzzled, he asked, “Since the lord already came, why did you not enter? There's nothing to fear”

Ouyang Shuo laughed. “Seeing you concentrating so hard, I could not bear to disturb you.”

General Shi smiled and scratched his head. “My lord laughs. I just like to read the books on war in my leisure time. I do not know what else to say to the lord. Have you come to tell me something?”

“Yes, there is something I need to ask you. Yesterday, you returned and said you had encountered a group of wild goats. I do not know their location. Can you find them again?”

General Shi frowned, thinking for a moment, and slowly said, “I remember that the group of goats numbered fifty or so. Some were killed by the wild dogs; the rest scattered and fled.”

“It is so. At the moment, there is no livestock in the territory, and meat is very scarce. Yesterday you mentioned the goats in passing. I was wondering, could we not capture them and bring them back to be domesticated?”

General Shi was surprised for a moment. “The lord is really farsighted, I admire you. With the lord’s permission, I will go and see if find where I met them, and follow their tracks.”

“That sounds hard, I will wait for you to bring any good news.”

After sending General Shi away, Ouyang Shuo began to wander in the village to assess the progress of the construction everywhere. At rest time, he sat down and chatted with everyone, listening to them and giving them attention.

In this way, the villagers would gradually recognize the work of a meticulous, intelligent, yet approachable lord. On seeing him, they would take the initiative to salute greetings. Ouyang Shuo was not haughty, and gave each of them a smile in response.

Before lunch, the fence was finished. At the entrance gate to the village, they put up a simple wooden gatehouse. Above the gate, they engraved ‘Shanghai Village’, three simple characters that declared that the mountain village was officially rooted in the wilderness.

At 3 PM, General Shi came back, bearing both good news and bad news. The good news was that on his patrol he met a bandit riding a horse, and after killing him, gained both a horse and an iron sword. The bad news was that the wild goats had left no trail, and effectively vanished into thin air, so Ouyang Shuo could only pine over their loss.

Ouyang Shuo took the horse and iron sword from the General, and looked at their stats.

Name: Poor horse (bronze)

Weight: 30 kg

Speed: 20 km / day

Consumption: 3 units of forage / day

Evaluation: This can barely be ridden. Absolutely not a warhorse.

Name: Poor iron sword (bronze grade)

Hardness: 5

Toughness: 3

Evaluation: Iron sword is a defective product, please use with caution.

At this stage, even bronze-level equipment was rare. Suddenly he had two without even using his own hands. If he were to let other players know, they’d be half-dead with envy.

This was part of the advantage of lord-class players, the higher the risk, the hig

her the chance of better drops. These kind of high level monsters were nothing in the eyes of General Shi. With the horse and iron sword, Ouyang Shuo could now go out and inspect his own territory, he didn’t need to stay in the village all day. Before learning the basics of riding and spearmanship, he was nearly useless. In the evening, the small residential courtyard and dining hall had both been built. During the feast in the new dining hall, Ouyang Shuo began to shift everyone’s accommodations.

The main hall of the Lord’s Manor was the living room, which was being used for hospitality and any proceedings. There were rooms to the right and left of the living room. To the east was his office; on the west was his bedroom.

There were courtyards on both sides of the room, with another two rooms off of them. The east room was General Shi’s, while the west currently held the ten people from Zhao village.

Last night ten people slept there, but they’d barely had enough room.

After the completion of the small residential courtyard, he had room for twenty people to live. Tonight, most of the Zhao people would move away, leaving only Zhao Dexian and Zhao Youfang in their new home. The previously empty west wing would now accommodate Cui Yingyu on one side, and Dr. Song and Er Wazi in the other.

********************

Over the next three days, the territory began to build up rapidly. The public bathrooms, blacksmith shop, quarry, and grocery store had all been built, and they’d added four more residential courtyards.

The logging and quarry areas had also begun operating, with ten farmers arranged each day to produce 100 units of wood and 50 units of stone.

He didn’t know why, but he must have consumed too much good luck for the first couple of days, because he only received three special talents out of the 45 new immigrants over these three days.

The junior mason Zheng Shangun was a middle-aged man, whom Ouyang Shuo appointed as the quarry manager. Merchant Li Fugui, a fat old man, was put in charge of the grocery store.

The biggest surprise was a senior shipbuilder, who was also the second highly-skilled person in the territory. He was called Zheng Dahai, a thirty year old with a dark complexion, short and pithy.

It was early morning in the game as Ouyang Shuo came on at his usual time. Opening the door to the courtyard was always fun. General Shi was practicing his spearmanship like normal. Like his officers, martial arts was practiced until it was an instinct, not practicing made his whole body itchy.

Dr. Song was in the courtyard on the other side, doing kung fu. In the corner of the courtyard,Er Wazi was playing with Blackfang while feeding him.

Since receiving the iron sword three days ago, he had also joined the ranks of early morning martial arts. General Shi was happy to provide him guidance, or the road to mastery would’ve taken many detours.

The sword was the most profound military weapon, and the most difficult to learn. Practice started with the broadsword. It was a one-handed flat sword, straight and pointed, practiced for 3-5 hours a day, until you could accurately tell the difference in weight from an insect landing on the blade.

Ouyang Shuo understood the reason for this practice: it was part of how the game handled skills.

In Earth Online, the skills of the players were divided into system boot mode and free mode. Boot mode meant the skills of a book. After reading them you didn’t control them. When improving mediation skills, for example, the game would automatically display any improvements.

Free mode was something original to Earth Online, where the player learned skills, and the contents of a book were imprinted in the mind. Then, the players had to act in accordance with the moves and practice tips in their mind, actually putting in practice time like martial arts in general.

So players in the game practiced, and through the system’s spiritual connection, the memory of this exercise was passed to the reality of their body. Through repeated training, this exercise was strengthened into instinct. In this case, the player could in reality, with a little practice, wake up his body’s memory, and in the real world display the game’s martial arts.

Of course, the choice of free mode had a prerequisite in that it applied only to specific skill books open to free mode. Through the special skills books, Gaia had, through refining real martial arts, deduced the perfect reality-defying power law.

In reality, the ancient Wu family, by contributing martial arts texts, had access to the closed beta qualifications and custom game cabins. More importantly, with Gaia’s incredible computing ability applied to existing martial arts powers, combined with modern human medical research, they had formed a new and more complete science of martial arts abilities.

These abilities were infuriatingly hard to practice because of the extremely rare internal energy requirements. Things like spearmanship were, in the end, only a kind of physical memory. To really master the sword, you needed to repeatedly practice it in reality.

Practicing internal force was completely different. You had to stir the spirit and body to produce internal force, and then control your qi while running it through your meridians.

Therefore, the players in the game practiced internal strength. In reality, the game cabin had an intelligent system that stimulated the same thing, so that your body also produced internal forces, and the nutrient delivery system accurately transported the energy required for cultivation. It was not just more practical than real practice, but was also more efficient and a perfect combination of ancient kung fu and modern technology.

In fact, this was also part of the interplanetary plan codenamed ‘Hope’. After all, right now nobody was aware of the condition of planet Hope. Was it a primitive planet, had it evolved to a high level, or was there another civilization there? Everything was unknown. In this case, being able to enhance the physical abilities of the people was a good choice.

These scientific martial art powers were put in every corner of the game for players to explore. Beta players were unable to distinguish between the true and false powers.

A year after release, after every human alive had logged in, Gaia had announced the way to differentiate between true and false. The method was simple, any power ending with ‘by’ or ‘Code’ were true, and anything ending with ‘surgery’ or ‘law’ was false. There was only one exception, and that was that all the basic skills were true, such as the basic riding and spearmanship skills, which Ouyang Shuo was currently learning.

In his past life, one of the Six Tyrants of Handan, Feng Qingyang, had been the representative of the ancient Wu family, and relying on his own judgement of martial arts, discovered Gaia’s method, and how to judge which methods were true and false.

Within a year, the Wu family secretly hoarded a massive number of real powers, and so when Gaia announced the truth, it left them crying into their cups. In this world, Ouyang Shuo would naturally take advantage of his knowledge.

Back in the courtyard, Ouyang Shuo began in accordance with the basic spearmanship tips, practicing large swings. He was ready to continue with the practice, as he hadn’t found any martial arts powers to work with yet.

Due to his rebirth, he naturally wanted to spend the most time practicing the best skills. Because of this arrogance, he didn’t want to spend a lot of time practicing basic skills. In China, there was a set of the highest level of classic internal strength manuals, broken into three sets of powers. In the past five years, nobody had gotten more than two of them.

In this world, Ouyang Shuo’s goal was to cobble together these three sets of skills, combined with the strongest internal strength books, and make their fusion his strongest trump card.

After practicing with a large spear for a whole hour, Ouyang Shuo ended his morning exercises. Carrying the spear, he walked towards the living room. Every morning at 9 AM, the managers of the territory gathered there, a rule he had set the day before.

At this stage, only five people were participating in the proceedings there. General Shi, Trade Manager Cui Yingyu, Construction Manager Elder Dexian, Logging Manager Zhao Youfang, and Quarry Manager Zheng Shanpao.

In addition, if there were additional issues, relevant personnel could be invited to attend. For example, today’s issues were related to the construction of the dockyard, so Ouyang Shuo had informed senior shipbuilder Zheng Dahai to attend today.





* * *





Chapter 11




Chapter 11-12

Chapter 11 - Proceedings

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Levs

By the time Ouyang Shuo came into the central chamber, everyone had arrived.

On the front wall of the chamber was a water painting whose painter was unknown, with a few rough lines and pens under it. In the middle of the hall was a red sandalwood chair, with three normal chairs on both sides of it.

To his left, the first seat was held by General Shi, followed by Zhao Dexian and Zheng Shanpao. To his right was Cui Yingyu, followed by Zhao Youfang and Zheng Dahai.

He greeted everyone one by one as he sat down on the chair, saying simply, "Let's begin. Yingyu, first report on the territories resources to summarize the situation."

"Yes," Cui Yingyu stated crisply, standing up. "Our stock of resources is currently as follows: 4750 units of forage and grain, 220 units of wood, 390 units of stone, 450 units of iron. Our resources output is currently: Logging, 100 units of wood per day; quarry, 50 units of stone per day. According to the current progress of our territory, construction is expected to encounter a shortage of wood, and it has been recommended to increase logging operations."

Hearing her report, Ouyang Shuo did not immediately respond. He had taken the opportunity to look at the few construction blueprints that he had bought from the Basic Market again, and took a look at their construction conditions.

Ferry: Provides transport services on both sides of the river. Construction conditions: Public docks, ferry construction drawings, ferryman, timber 40 units, stone 20 units. Build time: One day.

Basic Terminal: Provides cargo distribution for docked civilian vessels. Construction conditions: terminal construction drawings, timber 400 units, stone 200 units. Construction time: three days.

Basic Shipyard: Constructs ordinary civilian vessels, including ordinary fishing boats and passenger ships. Construction conditions: basic shipbuilder, timber 100 units, stone 50 units. Construction time: two days.

Village Temple: the villagers believe in the land, raises morale of residents. Construction conditions: village temple construction drawings, timber 400 units, stone 350 units. Construction time: two days.

He calculated in his heart. Together with the basic barracks and the 5 civilian squares which had not been calculated, he was very sure about the resources needed for a grade 1 village.

After his calculations were complete, Ouyang Shuo started with this, "I just figured out some statistics a bit. To complete all of the construction projects, the total need for wood is 1240 units, for stone, 760 units. Very good report, very detailed. This does not include the subsequent construction materials of fishing vessels that we will be needing."

"Our current timber production speed has been unable to keep up with our construction speed, adding to it is imperative. There are a total of 87 people in the territory. In addition to our special talents, 70 of them are farmers. The labor force is still adequate, so I have decided to increase the lumber field to 20 farmers." Saying that, Ouyang Shuo turned to Zhao Youfang. "Manager Zhao, you have to do a good job of coordinating the workers, work hard to protect our timber supply."

Zhao Youfang quickly rose and said loudly, "Yes! I will ensure the task is completed!"

Ouyang Shuo smiled, "In addition, your mission from a few days ago, how did it go?"

Zhao Youfang frowned and said, "These days I traveled the territory and found that within our territory there is only the single forest to the west. These woods are only expected to produce 8000 units of wood. Outside our territory, I have not probed because of fear of an accident."

Ouyang Shuo pondered a moment, looking around the crowd, and said seriously, "Manager Zhao just raised a sharp problem. We are logging and quarrying outside the village, and are vulnerable to beasts and bandits out there. The terminal will be focused on construction of the ferry, but the shipyard and ferry will be outside our current security, and are vulnerable. These will be core industries of the territory, and we must ensure their safe operation.

"I am afraid it is difficult to take care of it all. For now, the top priority is to build the basic military camp, train up some militia, and improve the military strength of the territory."

Seeing General Shi getting excited, Ouyang Shuo smiled and said to him, "General Shi, the task of forming the militia team, I give to you. Recruitment is set to ten men. From now on, I can promise you that as long as you qualify the men to be soldiers, the work teams of all the departments will release them to you."

General Shi laughed, and said loudly, "I will no longer be an officer with no men! Please rest assured, Lord, that the final results will be a blood-thirsty and powerful militia, and will not disappoint the trust of the Lord!"

Ouyang Shuo nodded, and turned to Zhao Dexian. He took the building plans for the barracks, ferry, dock, shipyards and village temple out

of his resource bag. "Elder Dexian, take the remaining five building plans. Arrange their overall construction order. For the next four days, all of the extra workers that come in, in addition to special talents, will join your construction team."

Zhao Dexian quickly rose to take the drawings, saying loudly, "As long as the material is supplied in a timely manner, I guarantee that within five days all the buildings will be completed."

As the Elder took his seat again, Ouyang Shuo continued, "With short-term plans addressed, I would like to take this opportunity to talk to you about long term plans, so that everyone has a good idea where we are going. The ocean will be the core of the future development of the territory. Controlling the ocean, we will be able to strangle the trade throat of the world, and occupy the strategic center of the transitional wars in the future."

"To achieve this strategic goal, we must build a strong sea fleet. Therefore, shipbuilding will become the core industry in the future. We are fortunate that our territory now has a senior shipbuilder." Ouyang Shuo turned to Zheng Dahai, and said to him, "Master Zheng, I hope that you will be able to quickly find yourself apprentices, and cultivate a number of basic, intermediate, and even advanced shipbuilders."

Zheng Dahai got up calmly, and said evenly, "I accept the task from sire!"

Ouyang Shuo nodded, looking around. "These proceedings are done for today. The arrangements for the tasks assigned by this meeting will be implemented one by one!"

Everyone else had risen, and said together, "We will live up to the trust sire has given us!"

**********************************

It was the first year of Gaia, and the first ten days. After four days of construction, the construction projects of the territories were nearing completion.

The ferry, junior barracks, and the remaining five residences had been completed. The basic shipyard, basic docks, and village temple had also entered the finishing stage, and would be completed today.

The ferry had been built on the northern shore of the Friendship River, at the landing location of Ouyang Shuo and General Shi's raft from the very first day, a very memorable location. With the ferry, they could cross the Friendship River, and explore the hinterlands of the Lianzhou Basin. Shipyards and docks were being built on the eastern side of his territory, near the canyon's edge.

Over the past four days, sixty more immigrants had arrived, mostly lumberjacks, fishermen, and farmers, along with five special talents. An older man, nearly fifty but hale and hearty, and also easy going, everyone called him Old Man Zhang. Ouyang Shuo put him on the dock for the ferry, where he had once hidden his simple raft.

The biggest harvest was a twenty year old man of clear and beautiful appearance, almost childlike, named Gu Xiuwen. Although he wasn't a scholar, he had passed the county tests and government assessments, coupled with his grade meant he was already a decently learned man.

What's more special was that Gu Xiuwen, although he was only a black iron level talent, had a specialty. This showed that he had great potential. With a little training, he could be promoted to silver level at any time.

Name: Gu Xiuwen (Black Iron Level)

Identity: Shanhai Village Clerk

Occupation: Civil Service (Child Born)

Loyalty: 75 Points

Commander: 25 [Force]: 15 [Intelligence]: 35 [Political]: 40

Expertise: Strong knowledge of government (enhances the territory's administrative efficiency 5%)

Evaluation: A penniless scholar from a poor family, literate and familiar with poetry and literature, and a modest gentleman.

Ouyang Shuo immediately appointed him as the clerk for the territory, responsible for paperwork, population registration and other work, and the first thing he arranged to give him was the task to prepare the population roster of the territory.

Gu Xiuwen could already win an evaluation of a modest gentleman, enough to explain his character. Ouyang Shuo was ready to train him as a future important internal affairs manager, and so he appointed him as a clerk with appropriate duties.

Thinking of the development of the past few days, Ouyang Shuo paced towards the northwest corner of the barracks. Er Wazi was leading two horses behind him, keeping them ready for him.

At the barracks door, General Shi was standing with his ten carefully selected recruits, eagerly waiting for this moment. Seeing Ouyang Shuo, he laughed and said excitedly, "Lord, come, come!"

Looking at the blunt and straightforward expression, Ouyang Shuo felt helpless, he could only smile and say, "Okay, I know you are impatient. I approve their class change, send them in!"

The area of the barracks was not large. The main entrance was a solitary wooden gatehouse, barely enough to deal with arrows. Through the door was a small exercise field.

On the west side of the exercise field, two targets were placed on the south side for practicing archery. On the west of the field were placed half a dozen scarecrows, intended for practicing fighting skills.

There were three rooms in the barracks: The Class Change Chamber, the Meeting Chamber, and the Officer's Lounge. The east wing

wing of the barracks was the dormitory for the soldiers, basically a large room with beds. The west wing held two rooms, namely a dining hall and armory.

The men came to the Class Change Chamber, and General Shi put his hand on the door, sounding a system prompt.

"System Tip: Congratulations to Player Qiyue Wuyi for opening the Class Change Chamber of the military camp! Commoners can be converted into militia, the cost is ten silver coins! Please select the number to be converted!"

"Ten people!"

"System Tip: The number of people is confirmed, deducting 1 gold coin from player Qiyue Wuyi."

Ouyang Shuo saw the door slowly open to the Class Change Chamber, it was a dark room, and he could not see within. He arranged the ten farmers in a column, and one by one sent them into the room.

When the first militiaman came out, he already had a new look. His rags had disappeared, replaced by a new linen dress, with a simple leather breastplate. He was holding a simple spear, and his demeanor had become more determined and aggressive.

Ouyang Shuo took the opportunity to check the new soldier's stats.

Name: Zhang Daniu

Identity: Shanhai Village Militia Team Member

Occupation: Militia

Level: Level 1

Combat Power: 2 points (attack/defense comprehensive index, the standard civilian combat power value is 1)

Consumption: 2 Units Forage / Day

Equipment: Linen Dress, Simple Leather Armor, Simple Spear

Evaluation: Just a peasant, in order to become a qualified soldier, needs long-term rigorous training.

Militia basically gained 1 combat power for every level they had. After it had risen to 10 points, they could make the transfer to a formal soldier, as they could not advance higher otherwise. Turning them into soldiers required an intermediate barracks.

In less than half an hour, all 10 farmers had been turned into militia. Compared to real professional soldiers, they were nothing. But for civilians, militia were dangerous enemies. Ouyang Shuo quickly gathered them into a squad, led by General Shi.

Chapter 12 - Training

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

With the militia class change completed, Ouyang Shuo was ready to take them out leveling for the first time.

He led the group of people out of the barracks. He rode the poor horse and was in front of the new squad. General Shi rode his yellow horse and followed behind. Farther behind were the ten militiamen in leather, holding long spears in their hands.

Along the way, the villagers paused and stopped working, judging the militia who had undergone a big change.

"Hey, Niu Wazi, I have to enter the army! I did not know sire was recruiting people!"

"Don't they look good! I have seen few armies so domineering. That armor is sparkling! Without acting, they could blind the enemy!" This was said in a jealous voice.

"Wow, we finally have an army. We won't have to worry about wolves when cutting down wood. One thrust of a spear, the beasts will definitely die!" This was said in a happy voice.

"Wow, the general is handsome!" Auntie, please do not join in the fun...

"You have no taste. I feel our lord sire is more handsome. That marvelous stubble, the dirty linen clothes, that skinny horse, ah, ah, people cannot stand it, so handsome." Auntie, are you boasting about me, or damaging me, ah? The great lord sire had an injured expression.

The recruits looked straight ahead with wide eyes, eyes not deviating. Their ears were opened wide, quietly taking in the words of praise and remembering them in their hearts. They followed Ouyang Shuo's black face on his skinny horse, who led them quickly away.

For this time, Ouyang Shuo elected the leveling site to be the west side of the woods. This would not only give the team exercise, but also remove hidden dangers for the lumber teams, serving two purposes. While riding, he looked at his own stats.

Name: Qiyue Wuyi

Title: None

Territory: Shanhai Village

Merit: 500/800 Title: First Class Baron

Occupation: Officer (Part-time)

Level: 6 (10000/15900) Reputation: Locally Popular (700/1000)

Body Structure: 18 Comprehension: 20 Qi: 5 Charm: 8

Commander: 12Force: 6 Intelligence: 6 Political: 12

Talent: Not open

Power law: None

Skills: Basic Collection, Basic Shipbuilding, Basic Diplomacy, Basic Assessment, Basic Weapons Proficiency, Basic Riding, Basic Spearmanship, Basic Archery

Mount: Poor Horse (bronze)

Equipment: Poor Iron Spear (bronze)

His time had been spent busily building his territory up. As such he had not taken a step out of the village, and was still at the beginner level of 6. Personal adventure mode players were already breaking level 15.

Teams of high-end players had finally been able to slowly kill enemies, getting the money and equipment needed to promote their strength and growth. From now on, the strength of high-end players was going to enter a relatively rapid growth period.

However, he wasn't anxious at all. Lords had never relied on grinding to

grinding to advance, but military action. Lords whose soldiers fought the enemy got 5% of the experience. In one battle it was easy to gain 3 or 4 levels quickly.

The group marched for half an hour and came to the primary logging field. They got off their horses and left them at the logging field and headed into the woods.

Their first encounter was with a pack of wild dogs. Ouyang Shuo looked at their stats with his basic assessment skill.

Name: Ordinary Wild Dogs

Level: 3

Skills: Bite, Pack

Evaluation: The dogs use teamwork to capture prey, their individual combat effectiveness is limited.

The level of wild dogs was only 3, just useful to train up low levels.

In front of this group of eight wild dogs, Ouyang Shuo told General Shi to select two men, each to take out a dog alone. The rest of the militia would split off to deal with the remaining five.

Seeing a wild dog charge his way, Ouyang Shuo did not retreat. Settling into his stance, hands on his spear, he followed the incoming dog's path. As the dog leapt at him, his iron spear stabbed, straight into its neck.

Unfortunately, the spear barely went into the dog. The weight of the animal plus the force of its leap passed a huge amount of force into the spear, and he almost lost his grip.

Luckily, the dog was injured. Ouyang Shuo quickly pulled the tip out as he deflected it to his right side. As it landed, he thrust again, and pierced it dead.

"System Notification: Congratulations to player Qiyue Wuyi for killing an ordinary wild dog, your reward is 300 experience points.

To get to level 7, he needed 5900 xp, so he needed to kill 20 dogs. Using the basic collection technique, he harvested the dog's body, and got a piece of wild dog skin.

[Broken Wild Dog Skin]: Quality 1, can barely be used to make clothing.

On the other side, General Shi was directing the two solo soldiers, and their two dogs were stabbed to death. To the side, the rest of the militia were fighting.

As it was their first time fighting, their performances were naturally miserable, and he was scolding them scathingly.

"Stupid, hold the spear stably! If you cannot even hold your own weapon, go home and be a farmer!"

"And you, aiming at empty air, are you a spearman or a fart?"

"You! Don't stand motionless! Your feet move with your hands!"

Ouyang Shuo observed from the side that most of them were confused about what to do. There were only two of them who seemed to know what they were doing, jumping in and out while fighting.

One of them was the one who had been the first to change his class, Zhang Daniu, twenty-three years old. He was a horse-faced, tall man,who was very simple looking. He had said that his father was a hunter, and he used to follow his father into the mountains to hunt hunt often.

The other was called San Gouzi, twenty-seven years old, also very tall, but thin as bamboo. In the village, he was a character everyone called Dog Lord.

It took a full ten minutes for the fight with the wild dogs to finish. After a round of fighting, each militia member earned 150 xp, enough to hit level 2.

Two of them were bitten by the dogs, and had to apply Dr. Song's golden cream to their wounds, then bandage them up. Taking advantage of this time, Ouyang Shuo harvested the other seven wild dogs, getting two good skins and three broken skins. Two of the dogs died so miserably that they didn't even leave a broken or tattered skin.

[Good Wild Dog Skin]: Quality 4 points, suitable for making clothing.

After dressing the wounded, they continued forwards. Along the way, they encountered more wild dogs, sometimes in small groups, sometimes in bigger ones. With General Shi's training, they didn't panic, and started to show some basic discipline and teamwork.

The morning soon passed, the militia had risen to the 4th level, and Ouyang Shuo had 2000 experience left until the 7th level. At noon, everyone returned to the logging field to rest and get lunch.

In the afternoon it was back into the woods, directly into the depths of it. There , they no longer encountered wild dogs there, but level 4 wolves and level 5 wild boars instead.

Name: Ordinary Wolf

Level: 4

Skills: Bite, Pack

Evaluation: A group of cunning and patient hunters, always a headache.

Name: Ordinary Wild Boar

Level: Level 5

Skills: Charge

Evaluation: Looks stupid, but will attack until it dies.

The wolves were always in groups of less than ten. The boars were used to living alone, but sometimes a piglet and its mother would appear at the same time.

By 5 PM, Ouyang Shuo had reached level 7, and his collection skill had risen to the intermediate level, gaining a lot of wolf and wild boar hide. The militia had reached level 5, their combat power was now 6 points, and upgrading was becoming more difficult.

Unknowingly, they had come to the edge of his territory. A stone stood on

stone stood on the border line, engraved with the three characters of Shanhai Village. Next to the line was a line of small print, 'Gaia, January 1, Year 1', representing the date the monument had been set.

Because he couldn't leave his territory, as he was the lord, everyone had to return with him, following the same route from which they had come from. Just as they were heading back, they heard a squealing roar nearby. Accompanied by the sound of breaking branches and thrashing leaves, the ground began to tremble.

Rushing out to take a look, it was a good target, which turned out to be a giant wild boar. It was twice the size of a normal boar, with big tusks curving up out of its muzzle. The hair on its back was white and bristling stiffly. With those two massive tusks, it looked like something dangerous to mess with.

Ouyang Shuo assessed it quickly, and was promptly terrified.

Level: 10

Skills: Brutal Charge, Earth Tremor

Evaluation: You would rather meet the god of the underworld than the wild boar king.

This was an unexpected surprise. In the game, monsters didn't drop things often, with the exception of Boss creatures. The drops from Bosses were not money or equipment, but special items. Special items were very rare, and generally far more valuable than equipment.

To deal with this wild boar king, they needed General Shi to personally act. Whether it was Ouyang Shuo or the militia, sending either of them up would only be giving it free food. He couldn't let the militia take the risk. Unlike players, NPC's were dead once they died; you couldn't resurrect them.

General Shi had spent the entire day playing coach and nanny, and his heart had long been tired of just watching. Seeing the wild boar king, he immediately grew excited. He first took out his white bow, aimed it at the boar, and with one arrow, hit and blinded it in its right eye.

Squealing in pain, the boar king immediately charged at him. By this time, Ouyang Shuo and the militia had discreetly retreated to the bushes and had hidden away. General Shi was worthy of his fierce name, choosing to neither stand nor flee, he threw himself directly at the angry pig.

Seeing that the man was charging towards it, the boar suddenly stopped and stomped on the ground with its front hooves. The ground under General Shi collapsed and he immediately fell to the ground. Seeing this opportunity, the wild boar king ran up, head lowered, its tusks glinting in the sunset.

In the nick of time, General Shi's left hand slapped down and lifted him off the ground like a spring, escaping the pig's charge. In midair, General Shi turned his body, feet together, his spear turning upon the big boar and holding firm. The pig barely reacted as the great iron spear punched into its neck.

At that moment, General Shi, seeing that the pig was going to hit him, leapt into the air. His feet came down on the pig's back, driving his spear in with his full weight. He heaved the spear out in a spray of blood, and the pig's inertia took it forward a few more steps before it bled out and crashed to the ground.

Because the boar was basically soloed by General Shi, nobody else had received any xp.

"Good! General Shi is really powerful!" Ouyang Shuo applauded from the side, a little stunned. This was the power of imperial officers? A powerful body, superb skills, precise combat awareness, it was all amazing.

General Shi stood to one side, breathing a little quickly, and laughed at that. "Hahahaha! For the first time in a long time, I finally got a workout!"

Scaring the piss out of us just so you could warm up? Ouyang Shuo could only remain silent. Then his greed arose, and he went to the side of the pig, looking to see what had fallen...and saw nothing. He circled around it, and located a booklet. Picking it up... Score! Such a generous pig; it was really a treasure.

It was a Wild boar Domestication technology manual. After using it, the user automatically learns the ability to tame wild boars.

Lose in the east, gain in the west. Before, he'd gone out to get wild goats in the east, and to the Market to get the plans to domesticate wild goats. He hadn't expected to get no goats. But now, in the west, he'd gotten this wild boar manual instead!

Putting the book into his storage bag, Ouyang Shuo began to collect the body of the wild boar, getting 4 wild boar skins and a pair of wild boar fangs.

[Perfect Wild Boar Skin] Quality 8, high-level leather collected from the wild boar king, can be used to make leather armor.

[Rare Wild Boar Fangs] Quality 7, advanced material from the wild boar king, can be used to make jewelry.

After arranging all the bounty, the group began their walk back to the logging field.



* * *





Chapter 12




Chapter 12

Chapter 12 - Training



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun



With the militia class change completed, Ouyang Shuo was ready to take them out leveling for the first time.

He led the group of people out of the barracks. He rode the poor horse and was in front of the new squad. General Shi rode his yellow horse and followed behind. Farther behind were the ten militiamen in leather, holding long spears in their hands.

Along the way, the villagers paused and stopped working, judging the militia who had undergone a big change.

“Hey, Niu Wazi, I have to enter the army! I did not know sire was recruiting people!”

“Don’t they look good! I have seen few armies so domineering. That armor is sparkling! Without acting, they could blind the enemy!” This was said in a jealous voice.

“Wow, we finally have an army. We won’t have to worry about wolves when cutting down wood. One thrust of a spear, the beasts will definitely die!” This was said in a happy voice.

“Wow, the general is handsome!” Auntie, please do not join in the fun...

“You have no taste. I feel our lord sire is more handsome. That marvelous stubble, the dirty linen clothes, that skinny horse, ah, ah, people cannot stand it, so handsome.” Auntie, are you boasting about me, or damaging me, ah? The great lord sire had an injured expression.

The recruits looked straight ahead with wide eyes, eyes not deviating. Their ears were opened wide, quietly taking in the words of praise and remembering them in their hearts. They followed Ouyang Shuo’s black face on his skinny horse, who led them quickly away.

For this time, Ouyang Shuo elected the leveling site to be the west side of the woods. This would not only give the team exercise, but also remove hidden dangers for the lumber teams, serving two purposes. While riding, he looked at his own stats.

Name: Qiyue Wuyi

Title: None

Territory: Shanhai Village

Merit: 500/800 Title: First Class Baron

Occupation: Officer (Part-time)

Level: 6 (10000/15900) Reputation: Locally Popular (700/1000)

Body Structure: 18 Comprehension: 20 Qi: 5 Charm: 8

Commander: 12Force: 6 Intelligence: 6 Political: 12

Talent: Not open

Power law: None

Skills: Basic Collection, Basic Shipbuilding, Basic Diplomacy, Basic Assessment, Basic Weapons Proficiency, Basic Riding, Basic Spearmanship, Basic Archery

Mount: Poor Horse (bronze)

Equipment: Poor Iron Spear (bronze)

His time had been spent busily building his territory up. As such he had not taken a step out of the village, and was still at the beginner level of 6. Personal adventure mode players were already breaking level 15.

Teams of high-end players had finally been able to slowly kill enemies, getting the money and equipment needed to promote their strength and growth. From now on, the strength of high-end players was going to enter a relatively rapid growth period.

However, he wasn’t anxious at all. Lords had never relied on grinding to advance, but military action. Lords whose soldiers fought the enemy got 5% of the experience. In one battle it was easy to gain 3 or 4 levels quickly.

The group marched for half an hour and came to the primary logging field. They got off their horses and left them at the logging field and headed into the woods.

Their first encounter was with a pack of wild dogs. Ouyang Shuo looked at their st

ats with his basic assessment skill. Name: Ordinary Wild Dogs

Level: 3

Skills: Bite, Pack

Evaluation: The dogs use teamwork to capture prey, their individual combat effectiveness is limited.

The level of wild dogs was only 3, just useful to train up low levels.

In front of this group of eight wild dogs, Ouyang Shuo told General Shi to select two men, each to take out a dog alone. The rest of the militia would split off to deal with the remaining five.

Seeing a wild dog charge his way, Ouyang Shuo did not retreat. Settling into his stance, hands on his spear, he followed the incoming dog’s path. As the dog leapt at him, his iron spear stabbed, straight into its neck.

Unfortunately, the spear barely went into the dog. The weight of the animal plus the force of its leap passed a huge amount of force into the spear, and he almost lost his grip.

Luckily, the dog was injured. Ouyang Shuo quickly pulled the tip out as he deflected it to his right side. As it landed, he thrust again, and pierced it dead.

“System Notification: Congratulations to player Qiyue Wuyi for killing an ordinary wild dog, your reward is 300 experience points.

To get to level 7, he needed 5900 xp, so he needed to kill 20 dogs. Using the basic collection technique, he harvested the dog’s body, and got a piece of wild dog skin.

[Broken Wild Dog Skin]: Quality 1, can barely be used to make clothing.

On the other side, General Shi was directing the two solo soldiers, and their two dogs were stabbed to death. To the side, the rest of the militia were fighting.

As it was their first time fighting, their performances were naturally miserable, and he was scolding them scathingly.

“Stupid, hold the spear stably! If you cannot even hold your own weapon, go home and be a farmer!”

“And you, aiming at empty air, are you a spearman or a fart?”

“You! Don’t stand motionless! Your feet move with your hands!”

Ouyang Shuo observed from the side that most of them were confused about what to do. There were only two of them who seemed to know what they were doing, jumping in and out while fighting.

One of them was the one who had been the first to change his class, Zhang Daniu, twenty-three years old. He was a horse-faced, tall man,who was very simple looking. He had said that his father was a hunter, and he used to follow his father into the mountains to hunt hunt often.

The other was called San Gouzi, twenty-seven years old, also very tall, but thin as bamboo. In the village, he was a character everyone called Dog Lord.

It took a full ten minutes for the fight with the wild dogs to finish. After a round of fighting, each militia member earned 150 xp, enough to hit level 2.

Two of them were bitten by the dogs, and had to apply Dr. Song’s golden cream to their wounds, then bandage them up. Taking advantage of this time, Ouyang Shuo harvested the other seven wild dogs, getting two good skins and three broken skins. Two of the dogs died so miserably that they didn’t even leave a broken or tattered skin.

[Good Wild Dog Skin]: Quality 4 points, suitable for making clothing.

After dressing the wounded, they continued forwards. Along the way, they encountered more wild dogs, sometimes in small groups, sometimes in bigger ones. With General Shi’s training, they didn’t panic, and started to show some basic discipline and teamwork.

The morning soon passed, the militia had risen to the 4th level, and Ouyang Shuo had 2000 experience left until the 7th level. At noon, everyone returned to the logging field to rest and get lunch.

In the afternoon it was back into the woods, directly into the depths of it. There , they no longer encountered wild dogs there, but level 4 wolves and level 5 wild boars instead.

Name: Ordinary Wolf

Level: 4

Skills: Bite, Pack

Evaluation: A group of cunning and patient hunters, always a headache.

Name: Ordinary Wild Boar

Level: Level 5

Skills: Charge

Evaluation: Looks stupid, but will attack until it dies.

The wolves were always in groups of less than ten. The boars were used to living alone, but sometimes a piglet and its mother would appear at the same time.

By 5 PM, Ouyang Shuo had reached level 7, and his collection skill had risen to the intermediate level, gaining a lot of wolf and wild boar hide. The militia had reached level 5, their combat power was now 6 points, and upgrading was becoming more difficult.

Unknowingly, they had come to the edge of his territory. A stone stood on the border line, engraved with the three characters of Shanhai Village. Next to the line was a line of small print, ‘Gaia, January 1, Year 1’, representing the date the monument had been set.

Because he couldn’t leave his territory, as he was the lord, everyone had to return with him, following the same route from which they had come from. Just as they were heading back, they heard a squealing roar nearby. Accompanied by the sound of breaking branches and thrashing leaves, the ground began to tremble.

Rushing out to take a look, it was a good target, which turned out to be a giant wild boar. It was twice the size of a normal boar, with big tusks curving up out of its muzzle. The hair on its back was white and bristling stiffly. With those two massive tusks, it looked like something dangerous to mess with.

Ouyang Shuo assessed it quickly, and was promptly terrified.

Level: 10

Skills: Brutal Charge, Earth Tremor

Evaluation: You would rather meet the god of the underworld than the wild boar king.

This was an unexpected surprise. In the game, monsters didn’t drop things often, with the exception of Boss creatures. The drops from Bosses were not money or equipment, but special items. Special items were very rare, and generally far more valuable than equipment.

To deal with this wild boar king, they needed General Shi to personally act. Whether it was Ouyang Shuo or the militia, sending either of them up would only be giving it free food. He couldn’t let the militia take the risk. Unlike players, NPC’s were dead once they died; you couldn’t resurrect them.

General Shi had spent the entire day playing coach and nanny, and his heart had long been tired of just watching. Seeing the wild boar king, he immediately grew excited. He first took out his white bow, aimed it at the boar, and with one arrow, hit and blinded it in its right eye.

Squealing in pain, the boar king immediately charged at him. By this time, Ouyang Shuo and the militia had discreetly retreated to the bushes and had hidden away. General Shi was worthy of his fierce name, choosing to neither stand nor flee, he threw himself directly at the angry pig.

Seeing that the man was charging towards it, the boar suddenly stopped and stomped on the ground with its front hooves. The ground under General Shi collapsed and he immediately fell to the ground. Seeing this opportunity, the wild boar king ran up, head lowered, its tusks glinting in the sunset.

In the nick of time, General Shi’s left hand slapped down and lifted him off the ground like a spring, escaping the pig’s charge. In midair, General Shi turned his body, feet together, his spear turning upon the big boar and holding firm. The pig barely reacted as the great iron spear punched into its neck.

At that moment, General Shi, seeing that the pig was going to hit him, leapt into the air. His feet came down on the pig’s back, driving his spear in with his full weight. He heaved the spear out in a spray of blood, and the pig’s inertia took it forward a few more steps before it bled out and crashed to the ground.

Because the boar was basically soloed by General Shi, nobody else had received any xp.

“Good! General Shi is really powerful!” Ouyang Shuo applauded from the side, a little stunned. This was the power of imperial officers? A powerful body, superb skills, precise combat awareness, it was all amazing.

General Shi stood to one side, breathing a little quickly, and laughed at that. “Hahahaha! For the first time in a long time, I finally got a workout!”

Scaring the piss out of us just so you could warm up? Ouyang Shuo could only remain silent. Then his greed arose, and he went to the side of the pig, looking to see what had fallen...and saw nothing. He circled around it, and located a booklet. Picking it up... Score! Such a generous pig; it was really a treasure.

It was a Wild boar Domestication technology manual. After using it, the user automatically learns the ability to tame wild boars.

Lose in the east, gain in the west. Before, he’d gone out to get wild goats in the east, and to the Market to get the plans to domesticate wild goats. He hadn’t expected to get no goats. But now, in the west, he’d gotten this wild boar manual instead!

Putting the book into his storage bag, Ouyang Shuo began to collect the body of the wild boar, getting 4 wild boar skins and a pair of wild boar fangs.

[Perfect Wild Boar Skin] Quality 8, high-level leather collected from the wild boar king, can be used to make leather armor.

[Rare Wild Boar Fangs] Quality 7, advanced material from the wild boar king, can be used to make jewelry.

After arranging all the bounty, the group began their walk back to the logging field.



* * *





Chapter 13




Chapter 13-18

Chapter 13 - Institutional Adjustment

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Levs

It was evening when the militia team that was out levelling finally returned. Dinner had already started cooking in the dining hall, a smoke plume rising from its chimney. The villagers were gathered in twos and threes after a busy day, talking excitedly about what their lord had done.

Running out to Ouyang Shuo, Er Wazi took his horse and weapons from his hand. Greeting everyone politely, Ouyang Shuo quickly headed to his room, his work for the day completed, and logged off.

The morning sunshine was warm as he ran the district's park trail. Breathing in the fresh air, the night's fatigue was soon cut in half. Today was the weekend, and yesterday he had promised to take Bing'er to a picnic. Being on her own every night for the last ten days, as Ouyang Shuo was busy playing the game, his little princess had been getting vexed at him.

In the city suburbs, the cold wind blew. Luckily the winter in Ling Nan wasn't too bad and could be compared to autumn in other places. The grass in the park was just starting to yellow out. He watched Bing'er pretending to be a bird as she zoomed around, making the zoom-zoom sound of an airplane as she pretended to fly. Ouyang Shuo sat down on the picnic blanket, most of the blanket was occupied by potato chips, small cakes, fruit juice, and other snacks.

"Bing'er, come eat something!" He shouted out.

She promptly headed towards him, sweeping her arms back into a diving posture, and 'roared' her way in a dive into his arms. Sitting on his legs, her hands around his neck, looking sweet and tired, Bing'er said, "Brother, the suburbs are really fun! Sister Xiaoyue did not come, it is her big loss."

"Xiaoyue wanted to sleep late this weekend. Bing'er has been well behaved, have you been listening to your big sister?"

The little girl nodded vigorously, innocently saying, "Bing'er has been good, big sister tells me a story every day, and is also helping me with my homework. She treats me so well!"

Ouyang Shuo smiled. "Since Xiaoyue has been so good to you, since you've come out to play, wouldn't it be nice to bring your big sister back a little gift?"

Bing'er nodded cutely, and then frowned, her little brow furrowing as she scratched her little head. She asked charmingly, "Ah, what you have said is right, but what gift should Bing'er bring big sister?"

Ouyang Shuo pinched her little face, coaxing her, saying, "Today, your brother will teach you how to make a garland. When you personally hand a wreath to her, Xiaoyue will love it."

Bing'er's small hand quickly grabbed his hand, smiled, and said, "Well, okay, teach me quickly, brother! Also, Bing'er should also wear one!"

So, the brother and sister got up and gathered a big pile of green grass stems. Ouyang Shuo showed her step by step how to use the grass stalks to make a ring the size of a person's head. Then they added on some green leaves and wildflowers, dotting them in the grass ring, until it looked good. He put his wreath on Bing'er's head, at which point she quickly stood up, turned in place a few times, and asked him if she looked pretty.

When they arrived at home in the afternoon, Bing'er went to Xiaoyue's door and offered the garland she had woven up like a treasure. She placed it on Xiaoyue's head, saying, "Big sister, this is the garland I have personally woven for you!"

Sun Xiaoyue was touched by the gesture, and gave Bing'er a big hug, saying "Bing'er is really good, remembering to bring me a gift when she went out." She lifted her up and gave her a big squeeze of affection.

Ouyang Shuo stood aside and watched, the big and little sister made a very pretty and happy picture.

******************************

Once again coming online, it was another new day in the game. He played with the little blackfang puppy, which had already become grown half a circle in these last ten days, as it ran around quickly.

As usual, in the morning, he did an hour of spearmanship practice before going to the Chamber for morning proceedings. When the village infrastructure was complete, he had to arrange the next step of the village. In his head, he already had a plan for what he wanted.

There were a full eight people summoned today. In addition to the normal five, the newly appointed clerk Gu Xiuwen, the soon to be appointed shipyard director Zheng Dahai, and the original mason from Zhao village, Zhao Dewang, were all also in attendance. Previously, Dewang was Zhao Dexian's deputy on the construction team, but Shuo had a new appointment for him today.

Ouyang Shuo sat down and directly said, "Gentlemen, Shanhai Village, after ten days of joint efforts, other than reclaiming farmland, the other infrastructure has been completed, and even exceeded with the completion of four additional buildings. For the next step of development, I am sure you all have some of your own ideas. That will be today's main topic of specific planning. I would like to ask Secretary Gu Xiuwen to report the territory demographics so that everyone is aware of them."

Xiuwen stood and bowed in salute to everyone before speaking. "In accordance with sire's instruction, I have these been preparing the population roster for these last two days. Today, the total population of the village is 162 people. In four days, we are expected to exceed 200 people. In addition to the staff here, there are 10 people in the territory; 13 skilled people, including 4 shipbuilder apprentices. For lumber workers we have 30 people, quarry workers 10 people, construction workers 90, almost of all them farmers by trade."

Ouyang Shuo nodded and praised him for his efficient work, then said, "From the population distribution of the territory, there are two major problems. One, the population management is too extensive, not conducive to fine management. So, we will divide the farmers into agriculture and industry, largely fishermen. There will be five categories: farmers, quarrying and miners into workers, fishermen, herdsmen and breeders into herdsmen, and all the masons, carpenters, etc into the craftsmen."

"After this division is complete, there should be a corresponding proof of household registration. After getting registered, there should be no need to change the permit or registration without my authorization, and household location should be adjusted accordingly, with the same groups of people living closer together. To this end, I have decided a new body will be established to be responsible for this matter, to be called the Household Registration Office." Pausing here, Ouyang Shuo looked at Gu Xiuwen, smiled, and continued, "Xiuwen, since you have done this task so well, the responsibility of this agency shall fall unto you."

Gu Xiuwen quickly rose and said gratefully, "Xiuwen thanks sire for his trust, I will be worthy of it!"

"System Tip: Gu Xiuwen receives a promotion from his lord, his Loyalty is enhanced 5 points!"

Ouyang Shuo waved his hand, saying, "Another problem is more serious. That is, the proportion of skilled workers is too small. We need those who are skilled with technology, and we cannot just wait. We want to cultivate and encourage those skills by recruiting apprentices and improving the way we treat them. In this respect, Zheng Dahai has done well, recruiting four apprentices and making a good example. To this end, I have decided to appoint Zheng Dahai as Director of the basic shipyard."

Zheng Dahai also rose and bowed to thank him. "Zheng Dahai thanks sire for his trust, I will be worthy of it!"

"System Tip: Zheng Dahai has received a promotion from his lord, his Loyalty is enhanced 5 points!"

Ouyang Shuo continued on. "I will take this opportunity to announce a few personnel changes. The logistics office head will be upgraded to the Secretary for Logistics, and former Ministry of Material Reserves secretary Cui Yingyu will take this position. Zhao Youfang will become director of the basic logging plant, and Zhang Shen will take over as deputy director of the stone mining factory."

"The Land Reclamation Division, responsible for farmland, orchards, vegetable farms, and other land reclamation work, will be overseen by former Construction Team Captain and newly appointed Director Zhao Dexian. The Construction Team will be upgraded into Construction Division and will be in charge of all building jobs. Zhao Dewang will be in charge of this. Setting up the Salt Pan Division and working on the salt extraction project, for the time being I will be personally responsible."

This series of appointments would help the village-level administrative structure become more efficient, standardized, and orderly. His appointments placed huge emphasis on three of the original Zhao villagers, occupying half the seats. This was both because they were competent in their abilities, but also because he wanted to treat his veterans with care.

With Zhao Dexian in charge of the Department of Reclamation, he was going back to his roots in agriculture, and could only be taken as the best move. Zhao Youfang, although not a carpenter born, had a flexible mind and was very respectful of his lord. Ouyang Shuo prepared to focus on his training, and as soon as he establishes a private school, he would send Youfang there to study. Zhao Dewang did not have great ability, but it wasn't enough to really affect the construction work. With his pool of talent limited, Ouyang Shuo could only take the bad with the good.

Waiting for the crowd to accept their appointments, Ouyang Shuo continued to preside over the meeting.

"With the personnel adjustment completed, the next step is the upgrade to second village. There are two major things that need to be done. The first is to reclaim farmland, for which I give the Land Reclamation Division full responsibility, we must till at least five acres of farmland. The second is the construction of the salt pan on the seashore. The Salt Pan Division is solely responsible for its construction and transport of men and materials via the shipyard, the militia team is responsible for security and security work."

"According to the development plan of the territory, the Household Registration Office should be in charge of 3 divisions, and the proportion of the distribution of the five categories of farmers and workers, as well as follow-up staff distribution. In principle, act according to a 3:3:2:1:1 distribution."

Finished with things to complete, Ouyang Shuo looked around and said, "If anyone has any questions or thoughts about what was proposed, you can now step forwards."

Gu Xiuwen stood up first and asked, "Sire, I have a question. In the territory, except for Er Wazi, there are no herdsmen. At the same time, we have no livestock. How do we determine the number of herdsmen?"

Ouyang Shuo laughed and replied, "Er Wazi's registration is to be included with the lord's household, and not included in those numbers. Second, although we have no livestock now, yesterday we gained a 'Wild Boar Domestication technical manual'. Boar domestication will be the beginning of the animal husbandry industry for us. Then, the militia team is responsible for acquiring more wild boars, the Construction Division will set up a pigsty, while training personnel to run and manage it is the responsibility of the Material Resource Division."

Giu Xiuwen sat down, clear now on what Ouyang Shuo had planned.

Cui Yingyu stood up and asked, "Sire, I have a question. In our territory, the only input we have is wood and stone, with no grain nor iron ore. I do not know what sire is planning?"

She indeed had a business background, Yingyu had zeroed in on material management with a strategic vision, and was not limited just by what was already done. Ouyang Shuo was pleased, he nodded and replied, "Yingyu, this is a very good question. I will first answer about the food problem. For the moment, we will be going into the market to buy extra food. This will need extra money to support us. The other is the development of animal husbandry and the fisheries. I have already explained what is going to happen with the husbandry, you have to give priority to the development of the offshore fishing. Give priority to the construction of fishing boats, lease them to the fishermen to encourage them to go fishing, and manage them well. This will temporarily be included in the Material Resource Division."

"To answer the issue of iron ore. Currently the demand in the territory for iron ore is not large, it is mainly being used to build farm tools and other implements. Once we advance to a second village, we will start construction on iron mines. If the Secretary is now ready to do the preparatory work, arrange for personnel to find the right iron ore field to begin work on."

Ouyang Shuo had largely finished, so it was General Shi's turn to speak. "According to my lord's arrangements, the militia team now has two tasks, namely the protection of the upcoming salt pan, and looking for small piglets. With the militia team only at 10 people, but also responsible for the safety of the territory, I do not know what my lord desires specifically?"

"This is indeed a problem, so I will appoint you as a supervisor of the salt pan, and is responsible for the training of the salt panning technical staff and the construction of the salt pan. For now, you will be stationed at the salt panning construction site. The militia team will be divided into two squads. Zhang Daniu will be the first squad leader, responsible for the task of looking for piglets. San Gouzi will be the second squad leader, responsible for territorial patrols."

After answering General Shi's question, no one had anymore questions, and Ouyang Shuo ended the meeting.

Chapter 14 - Mazu Temple

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

After arranging work for the territory, Ouyang Shuo suddenly had nothing to do. Thinking of the Mazu statue he had gotten in the market, he suddenly had an idea.

The village temple was built at the southeast corner of the village. As a required building for a grade 3 village, it covered a very wide area, comparable to the Lord's Manor. As a grade 1 village temple, it currently only had a main hall.

The front of the main hall was a square, surrounded by stone walls, with a very good atmosphere. Beyond the square was the main hall. The main hall held the altar, dedicated to the Sea Goddess Mazu and two other gods. With the carvings before the altar and incense sticks burning there, it looked very solemn.

When the players built a temple, they could choose which god or gods to offer worship to. Ouyang Shuo naturally chose Mazu and her subordinate gods, thousand mile eyes and ten thousand mile ear.

Ouyang Shuo came out of the main hall and to the middle of the square, taking out the Mazu idol (damaged).

"System Notification: Detecting player Qiyue Wuyi with a special item: Mazu Idol (damaged). The item and current village temple are a good fit, do you wish to use?"

"Use!"

There was a flash of white light, and the idol flew from his hands, hovering in the air. The statue gradually

became larger and larger, nearly ten meters tall and displaying nearly a full figure of Mazu in white marble before dropping to the very center of the square once more. Mazu was holding her hands, her feet amidst the rocks and waves, lending a graceful atmosphere to the place.

"System Notification: Shanhai Village Temple is now blessed by its Mazu Idol, automatically renamed to the Mazu Temple! Its properties have increased substantially, player please view!"

"System Notification: Congratulations to player Qiyue Wuyi in the frontierlands for the establishment of Mazu Temple. For spreading the faith of Mazu, you receive a special reward for merit of 200 points, and reputation of 400 points!"

"System Notification: Congratulations to player Qiyue Wuyi for reputation exceeding 1000 points, your fame is enhanced. You earn the silver title Celebrity (enhancing historical values by 10%).

Ouyang Shuo quickly opened the bar of the Mazu Temple to explore its properties, to see what surprises it had for him.

Name: Mazu Temple (sealed)

Type: Hidden Class Building

Function: Spread Mazu's faith, enhance the residents satisfaction +20%, enhances the territory's reputation by 5%.

Features: Sea God's blessing (Ability of your fleet to withstand storms at sea +40%)

Evaluation: There is a seal in the Mazu Temple, with a trace of weak Mazu gods. Dedicated incense and prayers will help break the seal.

Wow, a hidden class building. This was really a grand prize, as hidden class was a rare degree of architecture, like finding an artifact. In the past five years, he had heard of no more than five hidden class buildings. If you included lords who concealed such things in their territories, he estimated there were not more than ten of them in the game.

Belief in Mazu was one of the most widespread folk religions in China. Mazu was also one of the gods in the state memorial, the other two being the Yellow Emperor and Confucius. So her status was one of the respected gods, naturally being defined as a hidden building class.

The change to the temple attracted the attention of the villagers. With the near ten-meter statue of Mazu there, it definitely stood out. The villagers immediately dropped what they were doing to flock to the temple. Seeing the statue of white marble standing there in the square of her temple, they all devoutly bowed down in worship of such a miracle.

At this point, the Mazu faith would slowly take root in Shanhai Village, and would slowly spread to the entire Lianzhou Basin, and eventually the entire southern coast. Shuo was looking forwards to the day when the offerings and prayers lifted the seal on the Temple, and restored the glory of Mazu.

From the Mazu Temple, Ouyang Shuo went straight to the barracks. In the camp, the militia team was under the auspices of General Shi, and had divided into two squads under Zhang Daniu and San Gouzi.

The two new group leaders looked very excited, faintly glowing of pride. Even the gloomy San Gouzi had a smiling face today.

Shuo was not here to stand around and do nothing, directly handing the Salt Drying Technical Manual to General Shi.

After a brief accounting, he took the first squad out into the west woods to once again look for wild boars.

The logging team was as usual out in their fields. Leading his horse, Ouyang Shuo called over two lumberjacks. Onto a wooden plate they nailed a large cage, which they padded with hay. He had two militiamen carry the empty cage, and went straight to the wild boar area.

The way there was uneventful: any encounters with wild dogs or wolves were rapidly resolved. After all, everyone was at least level 5 now, and they were not a challenge.

However, either they were unlucky, or beast cubs were really scarce. During the morning, they met several wild boars, but none with piglets. Cursing his luck, Ouyang Shuo's team started getting impatient. They didn't fall back to the logging camp to rest, simply eating rations in the field, ordering everyone to rest in the woods on the spot. An hour later, they were ready to fight again.

Taking advantage of the time, he thought carefully, seeing if he had overlooked something, some detail he had missed. Suddenly, the technical manual from the boar king falling down on the other side flashed through his mind.

Yes, the manual fell from the boar king, did that not also imply there were other boars in the vicinity? In any case, Ouyang Shuo decided to turn them around and find a better area than this, where they were coming up empty.

An hour later, they were not far from where the boar king died. "Da Niu, come here."

Zhang Daniu hurried over. "Sire, you need me?"

"Ah, we are changing the strategy for the afternoon. I decided that we are going to where the wild boar king died to search the area. Make sure your men are alert. Do not drop the ball, understand?"

"I understand!"

"Go, call everyone up and we'll start!"

The place where the fight had been yesterday between the boar king and General Shi was still messy. With Ouyang Shuo leading, Daniu behind him, and with the six militiamen following, they slowly followed the tracks of the wild boar.

After walking for half an hour, just as Ouyang Shuo wondered if his speculation was wrong, a squeal came from the distance, and his spirits rose. The call was too familiar, very similar to that of the wild boar king. Was there another one?

Carefully moving forward, they found a clearing about ten meters across, and a cave on the other side of it. Through the hole, he could vaguely see a wild boar laying there.

The wild boar was much bigger than an ordinary pig, but not as big as the boar king. Even more gratifying was that at the side of the pig were a dozen small piglets all lying in a row. Ouyang Shuo used his Basic Assessment to look at the properties of the wild boar.

Name: Variation of Wild Boar (Elite)

Level: 8

Skills: Brutal Charge

Evaluation: This is a variation of a wild boar sow, with offspring from the wild boar king.

It was the wild boar king's mate and children. A level 8 elite, stronger then Ouyang Shuo's own strength. To face it head on would be pushing it a little.

The easiest way to kill it would be to surround it with the militia, using their spears to keep it in the cave. The problem was, they'd probably kill more than a few piglets doing this, and the piglets were what they were here for. It would do more harm then good.

The other method was to send someone fast into the cave, then ambush it from either side when it came out. Once it burst out into the ambush, attacking together would rapidly kill it with teamwork. There'd be a little risk, because if anyone was careless, they could get hit by the sow's struggles.

At this critical moment, Ouyang Shuo was resolute and decided to take the second method. The first method risked the piglets too much, and he didn't trust the militia's spear skills that much. For recovering the piglets, the risk was worth it, wealth and danger came hand in hand! Besides, as long as no one was seriously injured or died on the spot, Dr. Song's golden medicine would be able to treat them.

The plan was arranged for a militiaman to attract the sow. The rest of the team was in the grass to the sides of the cave, ready to ambush her. The man picked up a stone from the ground, ran into the hole and threw the rock at the sow. The pig was startled to be attacked in its home. It struggled up, ready to rush out of the hole and turn the intruder into kibbles. When the militiaman saw her get up, he hightailed it out of the cave.

The sow ran right out into the ambush. Five people sprang out of the grass and mercilessly plunged their spears into her. Not being greedy for the credit, they pulled their spears out after inflicting fatal injury and quickly jumped back.

At the crucial moment, an accident still happened. One of the spears was stuck in the sow's ribs, and could not be pulled out. The sow whirled on him as he tugged on it, forgetting to retreat. Angry and wounded, the pig started to launch a brutal charge at him.

This time, Ouyang Shuo reacted from the other side of the pig. He plunged his spear into her again, breaking her attempt to charge from behind as she whirled around to face him.

Seeing Ouyang Shuo over there facing the pig alone, Zhang Daniu rushed back along with the rest of the militia, and they also stabbed with their spears. With one last stab, the sow was finally unable to stand, and fell seriously injured to the ground.

Ouyang Shuo ordered the militia to not act rashly, and everyone stepped back, waiting for the sow to die of blood loss. He knew that a seriously wounded beast was very dangerous, and dying from a final lunge was not a joke. Good hunters had patience: impulsive fools had long since fed themselves to the beasts.

"System Notification: Congratulations to player Qiyue Wuyi for killing a mutant wild boar (Elite), reward 1000 xp."

"System Notification: Player Qiyue Wuyi is now level 8!"

A white light flashed, and Ouyang Shuo smoothly rose to level 8, and the militia rose to level 7 at the same time. He stepped forward to harvest the sow's body, and received two wild boar skins.

Perfect wild boar skin: Quality 6, can be used to make high-level leather and leather armor.

After killing the sow, everyone felt safe to get the rewards. They entered the hole, where the dozen piglets were gathered in a ball. Ouyang Shuo was momentarily at a loss; a dozen piglets was a big harvest. The six of them surrounded the piglets, who offered little resistance as they were dumped into the cage.

About to leave the cave, Ouyang Shuo saw a flash of light from the corner of it. Searching carefully, he discovered a black ring.

Name: Ring of Courage (black iron level)

Properties: Enhances the morale of troops by 5%

Evaluation: The ring has only one power: with a rousing speech, you can have a greater effect on your soldiers.

For black iron equipment, the effect was pretty good, and jewelry was more rare than most other types. Shuo directly put it on his right ring finger.

There was a burst of system announcements; Shuo paused to read them all.

"System Notice: Congratulations to player Di Chen for becoming China's first Lord to upgrade to the second grade village, special reward of 1100 merit points!"

"System Notice: Congratulations to player Di Chen for becoming China's first Lord to upgrade to the second grade village, special reward of 1100 merit points!"

"System Notice: Congratulations to player Di Chen for becoming China's first Lord to upgrade to the second grade village, special reward of 1100 merit points!"

Ah, the leader of the Six Tyrants of Handan, Di Chen. It was the reality of having a strong political group among the new players. They had built China's first villages, and now one of them had the first upgrade.

At this stage of the game, the only real restriction on the big forces was their lack of architectural blueprints. Ouyang Shuo's constraints on population did not affect them: they could appeal directly to adventurers to pad their numbers.

The inertia of history was still strong; Ouyang Shuo was still a butterfly. To flap his wings and start a hurricane was still a ways away. Over the next few days, the other five Tyrants of Handan should also upgrade to level two villages.

Chapter 15 - Apprenticeship

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Levs

As Ouyang Shuo led the line of militiamen through the village, the villagers looked curiously at the cage of small piglets.

The piglets were only half a month old, brown-haired, black stripes on their backs, truly very cute. On the road, he had looked at their stats.

Mutated Small Wild Boar Piglets: Produced by the wild boar king and mutated elite wild boar sow, these wild boar piglets are very adaptable, their meat are delicious, and they have a growth cycle of three months.

Before they returned, Zhao Dewang had already arranged for people to build a pigsty. It was built behind the dining hall, so it would be convenient to feed them.

The pigsty was a small room with an inner and outer area. The inner area was 3.5 meters long, and 2.5 meters wide, for sleeping and eating. The outer area was 50% bigger than the inner area, with a drinking trough, and was open to the sun. Hay was scattered inside and outside the pen, making it easy to keep the pens dry and clean.

When Ouyang Shuo's militia carried the pig cage to the pigsty, Cui Yingyu and Zhao Dewang were waiting for them. Behind them was a third man, some 30 year old man with an honest but cautious face. Yingyu introduced him as Zhu Baocai, in his original village he was a famous pig master. He had been selected by Yingyu as their pig keeper and domesticator.

Ouyang Shuo had faith in Yingyu's eye, directly handing over the Wild Boar Domestication technical manual to Zhu Baocai, saying to him, "Master Zhu, the task of domesticating these pigs, I give to you. It is a lot of trouble for the territory to cultivate a good species of wild boar. Wild boar farming will be a core industry in the territory one day. At the right time, we will expand the scale of the pig farms. I hope that the first true pig farm can be raised by you, Master Zhu."

Seeing the lord as very easy-going, Zhu Baocai was no longer so cautious, and talked about his skill at raising pigs. He seemed even more confident, he solemnly said, "Please do not worry about this pig breeding, I already have some experience. Look at these little piglets, all so strong and healthy. They are a fine breed, I have great confidence in raising them."

After finishing with the pig master and saying a cordial farewell, Ouyang Shuo returned back to his office. As he sat down, Gu Xiuwen came in. Ouyang Shuo asked him to be seated and asked him if he had anything for him.

Gu Xiuwen said, "Sire, I discussed with the people in charge of three divisions today, and did the personnel distribution for farmers, builders, fisherman, animal rearers, craftsman, the five industries. Please approve this, sire."

"Oh, your efficiency is very high! Let's talk about how you allocated things."

"In the territory are 130 farmers. 39 households were allocated to the Reclamation Division to cultivate farmland, and the original 40 farmers were maintained and moved under the management of the Material Reserves Division. The fishermen were allocated 25 people until there were more fishing boats. After they start fishing, they will be moved under Material Reserves Division as well. For shepherds, we only have two people, responsible for pig farming. The carpenters were assigned 24 people, their main project at this time is the salt pan field construction under General Shi."

Ouyang Shuo pondered for a moment, then asked, "On the shipyard side, are you clear on the progress of the fishing boat construction?"

"According to my understanding, the construction of an

an ordinary fishing boat requires 50 units of timber, and each boat can carry two fishermen out to the sea to fish. The shipyard, at its current size, can build one fishing boat a day. The first fishing boat was requisitioned by General Shi, who is using it to transport personnel and materials for construction of the salt pan." Gu Xiuwen was well prepared as a clerk of the territory to understand the latest developments in all walks of life as one of his basic tasks.

"Not bad. Let's stick to the distribution plan. Beginning tomorrow, other than special talents, everyone is to be assigned to the Salt Pan Division. At the same time, in addition to the five fields, set up a separate household. Personnel information is as important as military information and must be kept confidential. As for the Salt Pan Division, you must pay close attention to it. I will clear this up with General Shi."

"In addition, starting from tomorrow, we will be changing the meetings to once per week. Who attends should also be fixed, in principle, only the secretaries of the various divisions need to meet. If there is a need, you can take one or two deputies along to go to the meetings. If you have problems from day to day you can report to me directly."

Gu Xiuwen nodded, and seeing his lord had nothing else to say, rose and departed.

*****************************

The next day, Ouyang Shuo stopped in on General Shi, asking about the construction on the salt pan fields.

Although he was a military man, General Shi was quite familiar with military books and reading. Even in an unfamiliar area, he was still able to think clearly. He stated unambiguously, "The intrinsic principles of the Sun Drying Salt technical manual are solid and backed by experience. You need an average of one salt worker per two acres. The average monthly harvest is 200 units of salt per acre (500/hectare). As our manpower is currently limited, I will recommend the first phase of the construction to be one hundred acres of salt fields. According to final estimates of the whole, the whole beach is expected to open up hundreds of acres of salt fields."

Ouyang Shuo made some mental measurements. In the Market, a unit of salt sold for 20 copper. In other words, an acre of land could produce a gold coin in pure profit, which was very impressive. Unfortunately, the sea salt cycle took an entire month. To obtain the first harvest, they could not count on it when they were building the grade 2 village.

Ouyang Shuo knew that the population limit for the second village was 500 people, a gap of 300 people from the first village. According to the average flow of immigrants, it would take 20 days to reach the full population. With that delay, because he'd need some additional funds for work in the secondary village, he'd have to think of another method.

General Shi stood aside, watching him standing there in a daze, amused at Ouyang Shuo's bemused expression as he wrestled with the problem.

Ouyang Shuo blinked as he returned to normal and asked, "When can the first phase of 100 acres be completed? You needn't worry about the labor, I have already discussed it with Xiuwen yesterday."

General Shi relaxed. "According to current progress, we'll be finished tomorrow afternoon."

"Excellent, I'll be waiting for your good news!"

General Shi nodded and walked away, just then, there were a spate of system announcements.

"System Notice: Congratulations to the player Chun Shenjun for becoming the second Lord in China to upgrade to the second grade village, reward 1000 merit points!"

"System Notice: Congratulations to the player Chun Shenjun..."

"System Notice: Congratulations..."

The Tianhe Consortium had really strong financial resources. Chen Shenjun had managed to become the second in China to upgrade to a second grade village.

Unfazed, Ouyang Shuo knew that the most important thing to do now was the things on hand. Today he was ready to do only one thing, and that was to visit the territory of all the skilled talents one by one to encourage them to take on apprentices.

Among those people, Advanced Shipbuilder Zheng Dahai had enrolled four apprentices and did not need to be visited. Basic Carpenter Zhao Youfang and Basic Stonemason Zheng Shangun were designated as part of the civil service, and were no longer suitable for training apprentices.

Yingyu had found two young business apprentices, a man and a woman. The man was called Qian Lifei, originally the owner of a brothel. His village had been looted, and he had come to Shanhai Village. The woman was called Du Xiaolan, also the daughter of a businessman. Yingyu took her in and deliberately kept her around, teaching her carefully. Both were temporarily placed in the Material Reserve Division by Yingyu, acting as her assistants.

Ouyang Shuo's first visit was to the small courtyard of Dr. Song. He was the first high-level talent in Shanhai Village, but he had not yet recruited an apprentice, which made Ouyang Shuo a little dissatisfied. Thinking about this, it was all well and fine for the doctor, because he was living in the house of the lord as a symbol of the lord's power. But the old man, except for going out occasionally to gather herbs and mix up his golden medicine, did not do anything else.

As Ouyang Shuo came in, Dr. Song was in the room reading medical books leisurely. Seeing him come in, Dr. Song said lightly, "I did not know sire was coming. You haven't been caring for me, it is strange to see sire. I don't think you came to see me, what is the matter?"

Seeing Dr. Song with this attitude, Ouyang Shuo's heart was even more irritated. Seeing that he needed help from the person, he patiently said, "The recent affairs of the territory have kept me busy and I have neglected Elder, please don't worry!"

Dr. Song's feelings were stirred up, saying, "Sire's words are heavy. I'm a free man, not doing anything, I'm fine. Sire is the lord of the village. You obviously have many things to do."

Talking with him, Ouyang Shuo rapidly understood the crux of the problem. The old man was not as indifferent to fame and fortune as he thought he was. Ouyang Shuo said some words of courtesy, and in turn he listened well.

The doctor's meaning was obvious. He lived in a small courtyard, the other people had found official positions, and he was alone. When Ouyang Shuo came, he was the lord who treated him with respect and care for the future. Now with another helper, he did not put him in mind. So many days, he didn't say even a word of greeting. Even Yingyu, that girl, who was so busy, had no time to see him! He had turned invisible. That Er Wazi did not speak with him, so how could he not vent?

Shou had not expected this. The old man looked so grand and strong, but his desire for fame and fortune were so heavy. Hey, yeah, a desire for recognition was good. He was really afraid he would not accept his request, and did not know where to start again.

So, Ouyang Shuo smiled and said, "Soon, I will set up a special medical institution, a hospital, to take over the medical affairs for the whole territory. To get it started, there must naturally be enough people. Elder is a noble person, so I should not disturb you. But there is no one else in the territory who can help me at this time!"

Dr. Song was moved. "Sire, do not worry. These bones may be old, but I can certainly handle teaching three or four younger folk without a problem."

Ouyang Shuo laughed, "Then I shall leave this to the great elder of Shanhai Village without worries!"

After speaking with Dr. Song, the other skilled folk were much easier. For Basic Blacksmith Li Tiezhu and his wife Lee the Basic Chef, Ouyang Shuo promised to arrange for them a separate small courtyard at the right time for them to live in. The couple was happy to promise to recruit two apprentices each.

Merchant Li Fugui had recruited an apprentice yesterday, but had not reported it yet. Today, Ouyang Shuo promised to build the first-class carpenter, Lu Guangshi, a Carpenter's Workshop for woodworking, and to look for a Guide to the Wagon manufacturing manual for his research. The carpenter immediately agreed to recruit two apprentices.

After a round of all this lobbying, Ouyang Shuo 's voice was hoarse. However, it had all been worth it, for the territory had ten more apprentices. Adding in voluntary enrollment, that brought the total apprentices to seventeen. When they finished their initial training, the village was going to have a small outbreak of talent.

Chapter 16 - Grade 2 Village

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

During the next three days, the system announcement for China rang often. Three more of the Six Tyrants of Handan managed to upgrade their territories to grade 2 villages.

The representative of the military, Zhan Lang, could not unscrupulously use credits to buy the in-game currency like the rest of them, and had fallen behind as a result, not managing to upgrade yet.

Ouyang Shuo's territory was very calm. The workshop he had promised his carpenter, Lu Guangzhi, had already been built. Under the leadership of Elder Dexian, five hundred acres of farmland on the north side of the territory, near the Friendship River, had been successfully opened.

Simple Farmland: Remove the weeds and treat the land, and it can grow all kinds of crops.

As for the saltpan fields being built under General Shi's supervision, they were also smoothly completed. 40 salt workers were stationed there to begin spreading salt water across the panning field, and dry it out to make salt. The first salt field to open was officially named by Ouyang Shuo as the North Salt Field.

On the pig breeding side, Zhu Baocai did not disappoint. The 12 piglets, after brief discomfort and panic, had now fully adapted to life in the pen. The development of breeding pigs was a new industry that was just around the corner.

**************************************

On the 14th day of the first year of Gaia, at 8 AM in Shan Hai village, all of the core staff had gathered in the Chamber early, waiting for a historic moment.

Gu Xiuwen was calmly registering the day's newest population of people. Ouyang Shuo did not care about their stats and in his heart all he was thinking about was leveling up the village.

With a hum and flash of white light, in the middle of the Chamber a golden stone that slowly rose from the ground. Ouyang Shuo placed his hand on the front of the stone, and the system notification sounded.

"System Notification: Detecting Shanhai Village's upgrade conditions…"

"Condition 1: Population 200 people. The Village is over the limit and has met the requirements!"

"Condition 2: All required infrastructure has been completed, and met the requirements!"

"Condition 3: The rank of the Lord has made Second grade Baron, and met the requirements!"

"Congratulations to player Qiyue Wuyi and the established Shanhai Village for meeting all required conditions to upgrade. Would you like to upgrade?"

"Upgrade!"

From the stone, once again golden light spilled out to reach up to the sky and formed a golden halo. The halo spread out to encompass the entire village and swept out to the edges of his territory before disappearing.

"System Notification: Congratulations to player Qiyue Wuyi for becoming the sixth Lord in China to upgrade to the Second Grade Village! Reward: 600 merit points!"

"System Notification: Congratulations to player Qiyue Wuyi..."

"System Notification: Congratulations..."

This time, Ouyang Shuo had beaten Zhan Lang of the Six Tyrants of Handan, and history began to shift.

The announcement in the game caused an uproar. Players were speculating on who Qiyue Wuyi was, defying the hegemony of the Six Tyrants of Handan.

Earth Online had so far been open for only half a month. The identities of the Six Tyrants had been subject to endless amounts of gossip by the players, and gradually their real identities had surfaced, no longer as mysterious as they were in the beginning. Unfortunately, the more players knew of the identities of the Tyrants, the more depressed they had become.

China had never had a lack of ambition in its players, especially with Earth Online holding meaning far beyond that of a typical game. Even those with great ambition, in the face of the status of the Six Tyrants, were afraid to move ahead and defy them.

Now, Ouyang Shuo had succeeded in beating a member of the Six Tyrants of Handan. This shook up the status quo, exciting the players, and suddenly the situation in China became blurry and not as set in stone.

***************************

In Jianye city near the Blood Red Village, a determined-looking young man rushed and sat in the office of the village chief.

He was Zhan Lang, and his expression was gloomy. Opposite him sat another young man. "Lieutenant, it's time to stop being cautious. Get on the line and start buying the game currency at whatever price point is required."

"Yes sir!"

At the same time, in Quanzhou House near the King Village, a heavily eyebrowed, middle-aged man heard the system announcement, and adopted an interested smile. "Oh, there is actually someone beyond the Six Tyrants! So it seems that they are not invincible! Well, it seems that my King Village could become worthy of the name as well! Hahahahahaha...."

For a time, inside and outside the game, the people were surging with new emotions.

***************************

At this time, Ouyang Shuo didn't have time to really care what was going on, as he was still going through the operation of upgrading his territory.

"System Notification: Congratulations to Qiyue Wuyi for upgrading to the grade 2 village. The Lord's Manor is automatically upgraded. In addition, the player may choose one of three random village buildings to establish!

"System Notification: Random buildings selected, please choose: Village level Ancestral Hall, Village Private School, or Village Granary! Please choose!"

"Choose the village granary!"

"System Tip: Building automatically generated, player please check it out!"

With a hum and a flash of white light, the golden townstone once again slowly sank down into the ground.

Telling everyone to wait for a while, Ouyang Shuo took the opportunity to slowly look over the properties of the village.

Territory Name: Shanhai Village (secondary village)

Lord: Qiyue Wuyi (Third Class Viscount)

Title: None

People: 80

Law and Order: 75

Territory Population: 200/500

Flow Rate Of Immigrants: 10 * (1 + 50%) = 15 / day

Territory Area: 50 square kilometers

Territorial Characteristics: 50% increase in attracting immigrants, 20% increase in attracting special talents, 50% increase in crop production, 20% increase in production capacity of residents, 20% increase in military rank

Treasury: 10 gold coins

Territory Resources: 3100 units of grain, 180 units of wood, 800 units of stone, 300 units of iron ore

Territorial Army: Militia team (10)

Territory industry: North Salt Pan (100 acres)

Political index: 25/100 (determines administrative efficiency, relationship with the people)

Economic index: 10/100 (determines the degree of trade prosperity, the ability to pay taxes)

Cultural Index: 10/100 (determines the degree of education developed, the quality

the quality of residents)

Military: 20/100 (determines military strength, stable internal relations)

Basic Buildings: Village Level Lord's House, Basic Market, Simple Fence, Village Canteens, Village Latrine, Wooden Residents Small Courtyard (10), Basic Blacksmith, Basic Grocery, Basic Logging, Basic Quarry, Simple Farmland (500 acres), Basic Barracks, Pigsty, Carpentry Workshop

Special buildings: Ferry, wharf, basic shipyard

Hidden Architecture: Matsu Temple (seal)

List of potential capital construction buildings:

Village Ancestral Hall: For worshipping the ancestors. Construction conditions: ancestral building drawings, timber 80 units, stone 40 units. Build time: One day.

Village Level Hospital: For medical treatment of the villagers. Construction conditions: Basic doctor, medical museum building drawings, timber 60 units, stone 20 units. Build time: one day.

Village Private School: A private education facility for the children of the village. Construction conditions: scholar, private school architectural drawings, timber 150 units, 80 units of stone. Construction time: two days.

Basic Martial Arts Dojo: A rural training building for basic martial arts. Construction conditions: Wu Fu, martial arts architectural drawings, 100 pieces of wood, 100 units of stone. Construction time: two days.

Village Granary: A warehouse for storing grain. Construction conditions: granary construction drawings, timber 400 units, stone 200 units. Construction time: three days. (Note: the building has been generated and awarded.)

Basic Tailor Shop: A shop for sewing clothing. Construction conditions: Basic tailor, tailor shop construction drawings, timber 40 units, stone 20 units. Build time: one day.

Basic Mining Field: Speeds up the collection of ore, increasing average production to 2 units of iron ore / person / day. Construction conditions: timber 40 units, stone 20 units. Build time: one day.

Simple Arrow Tower: A basic defensive structure, with a weak defense. Construction conditions: 80 units of wood, stone 10 units. Build time: one day.

Ouyang Shuo analyzed everything for a moment. To rise to the 3rd grade village, he had to meet 3 conditions once again. The 1st condition was the new population limit, which for now he had no good way to accelerate. Based on his current immigration rate, it would take 20 days to reach the new upper limit of the population.

His low population was his biggest weakness, and that was because of the lack of individual players. The 3rd condition, of meeting the rank requirement, was the easiest and he was not worried about it at all.

The hardest to meet would be the 2nd requirement: Infrastructure Constuction. That required 3 conditions on its own. The 1st was building materials, which he didn't need to worry about, as he could easily meet all the storage capacity. He wasn't worried about the 2nd condition, which was the basic needs of talents to staff the buildings, because of his territory's special trait of +20% in attracting special talents. As long as he was patient, the talents would naturally come.

The biggest difficulty was the architectural blueprints. In the Basic Market, every 2 village blueprints were 5 gold coins. But for the new buildings, such as the ancestral hall, hospital, private school, dojo, and tailor shop, he needed a full 25 gold coins each. Ouyang Shuo and every other Lord had to worry about where they were going to get the gold from.

After analyzing the stats of the village and going over everything, he had time to take everyone and go visit the upgraded Lord's Manor. In his home, the courtyards were now larger, and the area occupied by it had nearly doubled.

The courtyards had become much more refined. The original 3 rooms had now expanded to five, the rooms were more spacious than before, and even the grade of furniture had improved by a level. The middle of the hall was still the chamber, but now, instead of a dirt floor, it was covered with slate.

On the eastern side of the room near the chamber was still the head office of the village. The main difference was that now there was a row of bookshelves there, and it was weighed down with new books. On the east side of the new room was the administrative office. Now, Gu Xiuwen and the other officials had their own office space.

On the west side of the building was still Ouyang Shuo's bedroom, with a dining room between it and the Chamber. From now on, from the courtyard he didn't have to go to the dining hall and eat with the commoners: there was a small stove with which to prepare food to eat.

On the east and west sides of the Chamber, the number of rooms expanded from 2 to 4.

Taking advantage of everyone being there, Ouyang Shuo began to rearrange everyone's accommodations. In the east wing, the 1st room was still for General Shi. In turn, Gu Xiuwen, Elder Dexian, and Zhao Dewang were given rooms.

In the west wing, the first room was naturally where Cui Yingyu was living. In turn, Two Wazi and Dr. Song got their own rooms, with the last room temporarily empty. Once the hospital was built, Dr. Song would move in there, much like Zhao Youfang and Zheng Shangun had moved to the logging field and quarry they were respectively overseeing.

Chapter 17 - Industry

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Levs

After the simple tour, everyone returned to the Chamber. As Shanhai Village had just been upgraded to a grade 2 village, it was time to let everyone know what the next steps they were going to take were.

Everyone sat down, and Ouyang Shuo went straight into the main topic. "With everyone's joint efforts, Shanhai Village has successfully upgraded to a grade 2 village, and we're also the sixth in China to achieve this feat! This is the result of the hard work of all the villagers and everyone of you gathered here. It is truly worth celebrating! Therefore, I have decided that tonight we will hold a grand bonfire party to celebrate. Tonight's celebration shall be prepared by Cui Yingyu."

Cui Yingyu nodded. "Big brother, you can be rest assured, I will make it as grand as possible. Speaking of which, this is the first time our territory has undertaken such a celebration! You have to personally perform a show to help out with the entertainment!"

As she finished, General Shi took the lead in applauding that idea. Even the normally sedate Zhao Dexian looked excited, and cheered at the idea.

Ouyang Shuo gave a wry smile. "Yingyu, you are trying to checkmate me. But your idea is very good, I firmly support it. Hmm, it is more joyful to share the joy than to keep it to oneself. Everyone here will have to prepare at least one performance or play. If you want to cheer, how can you not get dragged into the water? If your sire has to contribute, then you do as well."

Yingyu laughed, as performing a program was, for her, naturally something that took no effort. The other people looked a bit unpleasant and depressed, as if they'd lifted a stone, only to drop it on their own foots.

"After the upgrade, there are a lot of things to do. Here, I'm going to make general arrangements. We have much to do, so please hold your advice and opinions until I am done."

"First of all, work arrangements for the Construction Division. The private school, hospital, and other buildings cannot be built at the moment due to the lack of building plan blueprints. However, there are still great responsibilities that lie upon you. We do not need blueprints to construct the basic mining field and the simple arrow tower, so build them as soon as possible. The Material Reserve Division needs to stay in good communication with you to pick the field to be developed. Build two arrow towers, one on each side of the village entrance. In addition, the second phase of the 15 small residential courtyards needs to be done quickly, and you must pay close attention to it. And the very most important of all is to cooperate with the Salt Pan Division to carry out the construction of the second phase of the Northern Saltworks."

"The Northern Saltworks is the only industry in the territory at the moment. It is also an extremely important source of funding for the future of the territory. I have decided that the second phase is to open up another 400 acres, for a total size of 500 acres. This will require a lot of labor. Household Registration Office will have to actively cooperate with the present stage, and make it a priority to channel people to the salt fields. The total number of salt workers will need to reach 250 people in order to maintain full productivity in the salt harvesting operation."

"Material Reserves Division, the numbers involved in quarrying and logging will remain about the same at 20 people after the completion of the primary mining field. The number of fishermen should gradually increase to 30. As for militia, we will directly be expanding them to 50 people. Make formal preparations, 10 people in a squad, led by a Sergeant; five squads as a platoon, led by a Lieutenant. The rest of the labor will be sent to the Reclamation Division to cultivate more farmland, up until a total size of 2000 acres. As the arrangements above, Household Registration Division will allocate manpower as needed, and confirm proof of residence for the new work arrangements. If there are any questions, they can now be raised."

Digesting the orders that Shuo had laid out before them, the directors considered their field of specialties and divisions before they spoke up with comments or suggestions.

General Shi was the first to stand up. "My lord, I have something to say. With the militia expanded to 50 people, it will be necessary to have 5 sergeants to command the teams."

"General, by your recommendation, report to me for approval. As far as possible, please choose from the veterans for your recommendations, but make sure your choices are good ones, do not promote them unconditionally."

"Ability is the only premise. In addition, Zhang Daniu and San Gouzi can be directly promoted to team leader. The squad leader of the militia is naturally you. As the North Salt Fields are on track, it is time for you to move and concentrate on the militia team training. As for the safety of the fields, rotate Zhang Daniu and San Gouzi with a militia team in charge."

General Shi grinned. He would no longer be stationed in the salt field, which obviously made him very happy. However, he was not a fool, and had long deduced something was going on from Ouyang Shuo's words. He directly asked, "My lord, what is the main reason behind this expansion of the militia?"

Ouyang Shuo nodded his head approvingly. "The expansion of the militia is to deal with a variety of new security challenges. With the new upgrade, our territory has increased to 250% of the original size! I am expecting that in half a month, a beast riot is going to come out of the wilderness, and we will encounter massive beast attacks. Therefore, General, you must not only see to the development of the militia, but you have to establish a detailed defense against the beast attacks and combat program, report to me for review."

General Shi spoke up loudly, "Sire, I will see this done!"

Cu Yingyu rose next. "Big Brother, on the number of fishermen, I have a different view. At this moment, we only have four fishing boats. Each boat can only take two men, while the shipyard is only making a boat a day. To get 30 fishermen to work will take at least another 11 days. As far as I know, a fisherman can harvest 50 units of fish a day on average. With the amount of fish harvested, we simply cannot eat it all. Why do you need so many fishermen?"

Ouyang Shuo understood her point. Fish could not be used as a staple food, and was not easy to store for a long period of time, it could not replace the role of harvested food and forage. For this, he had his own plan.

"Yingyu, what you have said is naturally true. But you have not considered, if the fish can be salted, then dried. Dried fish is not a living thing, and can be easily stored. The market price of a unit of dried fish is 15 copper. It takes two units of fish to make one unit of dried fish, and one unit of salt can be used for 50 units of dried fish. Excluding the cost of the salt, a single fisherman's daily harvest can create a profit of 355 copper for the territory. Once the first batch of salt in the salt fields is produced, the construction funds of the territory could be financed entirely by the sea! As for the fishermen who are not yet in boats, arrange for them to work on salting the live fish."

Cu Yingyu could see that Shuo had calculated everything, and said in sincere admiration, "Big Brother has thought this through, I am far from your level!"

Ouyang Shuo waved his hand. "I am no genius. I have been worrying about funds and plans for the territory for some time, and came up with this idea."

This was certainly not Ouyang Shuo just coming up with words to comfort her on the spot. He had been considering all these plans and points as early as when he had selected the Lianzhou Basin to establish his village. As a lord player, if he couldn't make full use of marine resources, then he was really remaining willfully blind to his geographical advantages.

Sea salt and marinated salted fish were the two ways to accumulate early capital that he wanted to get established. To this end, he had not hesitated to spend his early reward money on the Salt Water Technology manual and those three special sets of building blueprints.

This was the advantage of rebirth. While the powerful representatives were paying heavy real money to buy the game currency, he was developing a perfect industry so as to provide a steady stream of building funds. This advantage would become more and more apparent later on.

His current industry had just started, resulting in limited profits, but he was just beginning. Once he expanded the scale of development, naturally the profits would increase several times over.

It was the consensus of strong lords in the past that for sustainable development, they had to develop their own industries. After all, they could only use credit points to buy the games currency for less than a year's time.

Finally Zhao Dexian stood up, saying, "Sire, I have some questions. As sire has arranged for the Reclamation Division to cultivate two hundred and fifty acres of farmland, there is naturally no problems. My question is, for these acres of farmland, I was wondering what crops sire might want us to plant?"

Ouyang Shuo decided to test him, asking, "Secretary Zhao, based on Lianzhou Basin's climate conditions, what do you think are the most appropriate crops to plant?"

Zhao Dexian was a farmer, and had a lifetime of experience dealing with farmland, and was clear on the planting time for all kinds of crops. He answered, "This is the middle of the season. Winter is not over, spring is not here, it is not suitable for planting any crops at this time."

Ouyang Shuo smiled mysteriously, and said, "Good answer. However, the Lianzhou Basin has

Lianzhou Basin has a special climate, and there is one crop that you can grow in winter here, namely sweet potatoes. Although the best planting season in November was missed with the monsoon, we still have suitable growing conditions. If we plant now, we can harvest them in April and May, and completely solve the problems of crop shortages."

Zhao Dexian was momentarily surprised, and then replied gloomily, "I am ashamed to say that I did not think of such a crop." In fact, this could not really be blamed on him. His previous village of Zhao Jiagou had been in the forest, and had very rarely planted sweet potatoes, so he did not think of such a crop on the spur of the moment.

Ouyang Shuo smiled. "So, these acres of farmland should be planted with sweet potatoes as quickly as possible, and must be completed before the end of the month. As for the seedlings, I will buy them from the Market."

After answering Zhao Dexian's questions, the doubts of the others had been cleared, and Ouyang Shuo announced the end of the meeting. Waiting until the crowd dispersed, he headed over to the Basic Market to procure some items.

The treasury only had 10 gold coins at the moment. But he had set aside four gold coins to grow the militia, so he really only had six gold to use.

He first spent a gold coin to get enough seedlings to plant five hundred acres of sweet potatoes. Three acres was the maximum amount of areas he wanted to devote to sweet potatoes for now.

Then, he spent another gold coin and bought 500 units of salt. This salt was enough to make the salted fish for now. Later, his salt fields would produce more than enough salt on their own.

As for the remaining four gold coins, he simply purchased 4000 units of grain directly. With the initial remaining 3100 units of food from his previous purchases, as well as the fisherman harvesting fish as a supplement, it would be enough to support the entire village on its way to becoming a grade 2 village.

With his procurements done, Shuo's pockets were now empty. After arranging for people to put the purchased material into the warehouse and granary, he had nothing more to do for the moment.

Chapter 18- Bonfire Party

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

That night, the bonfire party, as promised by Cui Yingyu, was very lively. Everyone gathered in the public square in front of the Lord's Manor, and built large fires with firewood. Groups of people gathered around them, singing and dancing.

Yingyu's Lingbo Dance wowed the whole town. It was a soft dance, with a light step, like clouds floating in the air, and also like sunlight dancing on the wate. It made her look like a fairly in the waves floating along via the dance. It could be described as the shorts steps of lingbo captivated anyone who saw it.

General Shi's sword dance was also wonderful. His sword was like a white snake, hissing in the winds. It moved like a dragon, sometimes heavy, sometimes light, hitting like thunder and moving like lightning. It was a case of a silver light from the square could pierce a chest of someone from miles away.

Not to be outdone, Elder Dexian, together with the original villagers from Zhao village, arranged a pole dance. The percussion instruments had a strong rhythm, with crisp, high-pitched sounds, and were very lively. Bursts of laughter mixing together with the light and sound of bamboo flutes conveyed the mood of the people. The celebratory music showed their happiness, stirring up the whole of Shanhai Village with the joy and happiness of the dance.

At the climax of the evening, Ouyang Shuo sang a modern version of 'Luo Shen Fu1':

Luoshui River in the east, legends spread through ages, a paradise in human world.

In the dreams I see, a woman of heaven, tripping lightly like a startled swan.

Six dragons, carriage of clouds, carried her back to the high heavens, leavings tales behind.

When the tales were told, people would say, it was a dream of Xiang King2.

The dream ended, tears soaked towels, flowed down my cheeks.

Her youth untouched by time, yet human and God have different path, only earrings stayed as souvenir.

Wind blew and time flies, historians records and wondered the anonymous.

When they ask today, what is this memorial temple, built in riverside?

An art of Goddess Luo, to ease and comfort my heart.

The scent she left behind, her image in my mind.

Wind blew and time flies, the universe turned from nothing into everything.

What is love, only to drive human insane, and succumb goddess.

An art of Goddess Luo, who still sings the poetry lines?

The river flows regardlessly.

The people of Shanhai Village, including Ouyang Shuo and General Shi, were all displaced people and destined to meet together. A simple bonfire party that reduced the pain of everyone's displacement helped pull them together. The celebration helped cement the feeling that Shanhai Village was really their home now.

"System Notification: Congratulations to player Qiyue Wuyi for the success of the bonfire party! The villagers appreciate the hospitality of their Lord! Morale of your people has increased by 5 points!"

Ouyang Shuo really didn't need to see the damn prompt from the system. He was immersed in the lively atmosphere of the party, and now it had reminded him that it was all only a game.

Unfortunately, it was now late into the night, so he returned back to his room, and logged off.

When he came out, it was already 9 AM. This time Bing'er had already gone to school on her own, and Sun Xiaoyue was naturally also long gone for class. He was too lazy to go downstairs to get breakfast, so he fried up two eggs and drank a glass of milk for a simple breakfast.

Opening his handbrain, he found that he had new email. Opening it up, he found that it was an invitation letter from his original junior high school. The letter had been sent by his class president Yuan Ping, who had invited him to a reunion party.

The gist of the letter was that since graduating from junior high, the class had not gotten together for a long time. During the Spring Festival this year, a class party was going to be held in Guifang Park. He was hoping that everyone arranged their own trip ahead of time, we must attend, etc. and so forth.

Thinking about it, it really had been seven or eight years since he had seen the rest of his class from junior high. Ouyang Shuo couldn't even recall the names of many of them, the memories were already fuzzy.

At the time, if there was nothing particularly important going on, Ouyang Shuo decided that he would go and participate. After all, this was probably the only reunion they would have. A year later, they would be boarding a starship, and if they were going to ever meet again, it would be after many, many years.

Anyways, there was still some time until the Spring Festival, so it wasn't worth worrying about. Opening up the game forums, Ouyang Shuo took a look at the trending posts of the other players.

At the top of the discussion posts, 'Shanhai Village has broken the monopoly of the Six Tyrants of Handan, claiming the sixth promotion to Second grade Village in China!'

Ouyang Shuo browsed through the comments, dumbfounded at the mess, not knowing what to say.

1st poster: 'I bet Qiyue Wiuyi is a secretive great family's descendent!'

2nd poster: 'Bet+1, bottom floor keep at it!'

3rd poster: 'Invisible ass, the two above have seen too many novels!"

4th poster: 'Top floor, Ithink he's just lucky!'

5th poster: 'Qiyue Wuyi, people want to give birth to a kid for you!'

6th poster: 'Upstairs is a dinosaur, identification finished!'

7th poster: 'Mad Warrior of the World, recruiting members, if interested, please contact Mad Warrior quick quick!'

8th poster: 'Upstairs advertising, pay for advertising, thank you!'

9th poster: 'Mad Warrior of the World is a garbage guild, don't be fooled by his recruitment!'

10th: 'Upstairs, I want to kill you!'

The posts were completely crazy. Ouyang Shuo silently went elsewhere, ready to look at other popular posts. Not surprisingly, after Chun Shenjun, Zhan Lang had sent his trusted subordinate, Blood Wolf into the forum to publicly acquire more of the game currency.

Unfortunately, there was still no fixed market price. Didn't he see Chunshen Jun's financial director setting a purchase price at 2 credits for 1 copper?

Another post drew Ouyang Shuo's attention. Among the Adventurers, someone had finally gotten a mercenary token, and set up the first mercenary group in the game - the Evil Blood mercenary group.

The head of the mercenary group was called Bloody Romance, a level 21 knight, currently #1 on the player ranks list. They were the first to set up a mercenary group, but still hadn't received a system announcement in the game. This showcased Gaia's preference for the players in the lord game mode.

Browsing a bit more, Ouyang Shuo found no other useful information, and closed the forum. It was time to start learning some history and recharge himself.

*************************************

In the evening when Bing'er came back from school, she seemed a little resentful that her brother had not woke up in the morning to send her off to school. Ouyang Shuo had to pull out all the stops and make a few of her favorite dishes to alleviate her displeasure.

Sun Xiaoyue, seeing Ouyang Shuo placing such importance on logging into the game every day, was also very curious, and asked him, "Hey, this Earth Online game, is it really so fun? I asked around, and none of the students in my classes played that game!"

Ouyang Shuo smiled mysteriously. "This game's greatest charms are how territory is constructed and its realism, not the kind of no-brainer leveling games that come without effort. Most people are not patient enough to play it. If conditions permit, I suggest you also learn to play it."

Xiaoyue rolled her eyes. "Please! I'm not like you, able to spend 100,000 credits to buy a game cabin without batting an eye!"

Reluctantly, Ouyang Shuo could only tell her to this extent. If she did not listen, it was passing up her own good fortune. There was no way he could tell her about the truth of the game in his 'past'. He had no proof to show her that there was a problem, even if she would believe him, nor could he explain how he would know such a thing. He certainly couldn't tell her that he was reborn from the future!

To make up for not being there in the morning, Ouyang Shuo didn't get on promptly at night, first helping Bing'er with her homework and reading a fairy tale to her at night. By the time he coaxed his little sister to sleep, it was already 10 PM.

For him, the game was important, but Bing'er was the most important. The game was only a means to success, but it was only meant to help his family. Often enough, people were confused by the appearance of things. Without being clear on means and purpose, people would lose themselves.

Moreover, Shanhai Village had established a complete organizational structure due to his efforts in promoting people. Even if he wasn't there for a short period of time, his territory would still operate smoothly.

Once logged in, it was time to go out and go to work. Shou went to the edge of the courtyard, teasing Blackfang.

The horses didn't really like dogs, so Ouyang Shuo wasn't assured to let the dog go running around. Usually, it was tied up in the yard. When he was free, he would hold onto it as he walked around the village. With nothing special to do today, Ouyang Shuo's guilty conscience prompted him to take up Blackfang and visit the village.

Walking around the village and looking at houses that sprouted from the ground, Ouyang Shuo felt pleased and proud. This was the village that belonged entirely to him, and he'd led everyone out of the wilderness to establish it. It had started from zero, starting from the first log put down.

The villagers loved him and were grateful to him for providing shelter to them out here in the wilds. His subordinates respected him, admiring his foresight, and were grateful that they could make use of his knowledge to perform on a higher level than their own skills and talents would allow.

Along the way, the villagers seeing him would smile and bow to him. Ouyang Shuo didn't act arrogant, and would stop to chat, asking them if there were any problems he didn't know about. If there were difficulties, they had to be shared, to better help everyone solve them!

Last night's bonfire party was obviously on everyone's mind, especially Yingyu's beautiful Lingbo dance and the momentum of General Shi's sword dance. Of course, there was also their Lord's singing; it wasn't bad, but the tone had been a little strange, as if people were listening to some foreign music.

When he came into the village, he saw that Zhao Dewang was overseeing the building of the first arrow tower with a construction crew. General Shi was standing to the side, studying the work. The General obviously had a great deal more authority in the building of the tower than Secretary Elder Dexian did as he knew more about it. Seeing Ouyang Shuo coming, the two of them quickly came over.

General Shi's voice was, as ever, quite loud. "Lord!" he nearly shouted.

Zhao Dewang followed behind him, greeting promptly, "Sire!"

Shou waved away formalities, still in a very good mood. With a smile at Dewang he said, "No need to stand on ceremony. Secretary Dewang has been busy, truly worthy of praise!"

Zhao Dewang still held the title of deputy director of construction, and was naturally intent on proving himself through deeds. His fear that he was not doing well and that his lord was about to criticize him was put to rest, soothing his heart. Modestly he said, "I dare not claim the credit. The reason this tower could be built so smoothly is thanks to General Shi's advice. Without his guidance, we would not know where to start!"

General Shi was not one to know modesty. Smiling to the side, he said proudly, "This is not that difficult, this is the simplest of arrow towers. I used to lead men in war; those kinds of siege towers were much more powerful!"

General Shi turned and looked at Ouyang Shuo. "My lord, my last observation of the terrain tells me that we should build a tower at each corner of our fence to enhance the village's defensive power. Unfortunately, there are not enough bows and arrows, nor ways to train the rookie recruits in them."

Ouyang Shuo nodded slightly, and looked back to Zhao Dewang. "According to General Shi's words, have the Construction Division coordinate arrangements."

Zhao Dewang hurriedly said that within two days he could have all of the towers built. Ouyang Shuo nodded his head, and with no more reason to stay, turned to head back to his courtyard, holding onto Blackfang.

1 Luo Shen Fu 洛神赋 : An ancient China poem from the era of the late Three Kingdoms.

2 Dream of Xiang King 襄王梦 : An ancient China romance story about a king and goddess.



* * *





Chapter 14




Chapter 14

Chapter 14 - Mazu Temple



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun



After arranging work for the territory, Ouyang Shuo suddenly had nothing to do. Thinking of the Mazu statue he had gotten in the market, he suddenly had an idea.

The village temple was built at the southeast corner of the village. As a required building for a grade 3 village, it covered a very wide area, comparable to the Lord’s Manor. As a grade 1 village temple, it currently only had a main hall.

The front of the main hall was a square, surrounded by stone walls, with a very good atmosphere. Beyond the square was the main hall. The main hall held the altar, dedicated to the Sea Goddess Mazu and two other gods. With the carvings before the altar and incense sticks burning there, it looked very solemn.

When the players built a temple, they could choose which god or gods to offer worship to. Ouyang Shuo naturally chose Mazu and her subordinate gods, thousand mile eyes and ten thousand mile ear.

Ouyang Shuo came out of the main hall and to the middle of the square, taking out the Mazu idol (damaged).

“System Notification: Detecting player Qiyue Wuyi with a special item: Mazu Idol (damaged). The item and current village temple are a good fit, do you wish to use?”

“Use!”

There was a flash of white light, and the idol flew from his hands, hovering in the air. The statue gradually became larger and larger, nearly ten meters tall and displaying nearly a full figure of Mazu in white marble before dropping to the very center of the square once more. Mazu was holding her hands, her feet amidst the rocks and waves, lending a graceful atmosphere to the place.

“System Notification: Shanhai Village Temple is now blessed by its Mazu Idol, automatically renamed to the Mazu Temple! Its properties have increased substantially, player please view!”

“System Notification: Congratulations to player Qiyue Wuyi in the frontierlands for the establishment of Mazu Temple. For spreading the faith of Mazu, you receive a special reward for merit of 200 points, and reputation of 400 points!”

“System Notification: Congratulations to player Qiyue Wuyi for reputation exceeding 1000 points, your fame is enhanced. You earn the silver title Celebrity (enhancing historical values by 10%).

Ouyang Shuo quickly opened the bar of the Mazu Temple to explore its properties, to see what surprises it had for him.

Name: Mazu Temple (sealed)

Type: Hidden Class Building

Function: Spread Mazu’s faith, enhance the residents satisfaction +20%, enhances the territory’s reputation by 5%.

Features: Sea God’s blessing (Ability of your fleet to withstand storms at sea +40%)

Evaluation: There is a seal in the Mazu Temple, with a trace of weak Mazu gods. Dedicated incense and prayers will help break the seal.

Wow, a hidden class building. This was really a grand prize, as hidden class was a rare degree of architecture, like finding an artifact. In the past five years, he had heard of no more than five hidden class buildings. If you included lords who concealed such things in their territories, he estimated there were not more than ten of them in the game.

Belief in Mazu was one of the most widespread folk religions in China. Mazu was also one of the gods in the state memorial, the other two being the Yellow Emperor and Confucius. So her status was one of the respected gods, naturally being defined as a hidden building class.

The change to the temple attracted the attention of the villagers. With the ne

ar ten-meter statue of Mazu there, it definitely stood out. The villagers immediately dropped what they were doing to flock to the temple. Seeing the statue of white marble standing there in the square of her temple, they all devoutly bowed down in worship of such a miracle. At this point, the Mazu faith would slowly take root in Shanhai Village, and would slowly spread to the entire Lianzhou Basin, and eventually the entire southern coast. Shuo was looking forwards to the day when the offerings and prayers lifted the seal on the Temple, and restored the glory of Mazu.

From the Mazu Temple, Ouyang Shuo went straight to the barracks. In the camp, the militia team was under the auspices of General Shi, and had divided into two squads under Zhang Daniu and San Gouzi.

The two new group leaders looked very excited, faintly glowing of pride. Even the gloomy San Gouzi had a smiling face today.

Shuo was not here to stand around and do nothing, directly handing the Salt Drying Technical Manual to General Shi.

After a brief accounting, he took the first squad out into the west woods to once again look for wild boars.

The logging team was as usual out in their fields. Leading his horse, Ouyang Shuo called over two lumberjacks. Onto a wooden plate they nailed a large cage, which they padded with hay. He had two militiamen carry the empty cage, and went straight to the wild boar area.

The way there was uneventful: any encounters with wild dogs or wolves were rapidly resolved. After all, everyone was at least level 5 now, and they were not a challenge.

However, either they were unlucky, or beast cubs were really scarce. During the morning, they met several wild boars, but none with piglets. Cursing his luck, Ouyang Shuo’s team started getting impatient. They didn’t fall back to the logging camp to rest, simply eating rations in the field, ordering everyone to rest in the woods on the spot. An hour later, they were ready to fight again.

Taking advantage of the time, he thought carefully, seeing if he had overlooked something, some detail he had missed. Suddenly, the technical manual from the boar king falling down on the other side flashed through his mind.

Yes, the manual fell from the boar king, did that not also imply there were other boars in the vicinity? In any case, Ouyang Shuo decided to turn them around and find a better area than this, where they were coming up empty.

An hour later, they were not far from where the boar king died. “Da Niu, come here.”

Zhang Daniu hurried over. “Sire, you need me?”

“Ah, we are changing the strategy for the afternoon. I decided that we are going to where the wild boar king died to search the area. Make sure your men are alert. Do not drop the ball, understand?”

“I understand!”

“Go, call everyone up and we’ll start!”

The place where the fight had been yesterday between the boar king and General Shi was still messy. With Ouyang Shuo leading, Daniu behind him, and with the six militiamen following, they slowly followed the tracks of the wild boar.

After walking for half an hour, just as Ouyang Shuo wondered if his speculation was wrong, a squeal came from the distance, and his spirits rose. The call was too familiar, very similar to that of the wild boar king. Was there another one?

Carefully moving forward, they found a clearing about ten meters across, and a cave on the other side of it. Through the hole, he could vaguely see a wild boar laying there.

The wild boar was much bigger than an ordinary pig, but not as big as the boar king. Even more gratifying was that at the side of the pig were a dozen small piglets all lying in a row. Ouyang Shuo used his Basic Assessment to look at the properties of the wild boar.

Name: Variation of Wild Boar (Elite)

Level: 8

Skills: Brutal Charge

Evaluation: This is a variation of a wild boar sow, with offspring from the wild boar king.

It was the wild boar king’s mate and children. A level 8 elite, stronger then Ouyang Shuo’s own strength. To face it head on would be pushing it a little.

The easiest way to kill it would be to surround it with the militia, using their spears to keep it in the cave. The problem was, they’d probably kill more than a few piglets doing this, and the piglets were what they were here for. It would do more harm then good.

The other method was to send someone fast into the cave, then ambush it from either side when it came out. Once it burst out into the ambush, attacking together would rapidly kill it with teamwork. There’d be a little risk, because if anyone was careless, they could get hit by the sow’s struggles.

At this critical moment, Ouyang Shuo was resolute and decided to take the second method. The first method risked the piglets too much, and he didn’t trust the militia’s spear skills that much. For recovering the piglets, the risk was worth it, wealth and danger came hand in hand! Besides, as long as no one was seriously injured or died on the spot, Dr. Song’s golden medicine would be able to treat them.

The plan was arranged for a militiaman to attract the sow. The rest of the team was in the grass to the sides of the cave, ready to ambush her. The man picked up a stone from the ground, ran into the hole and threw the rock at the sow. The pig was startled to be attacked in its home. It struggled up, ready to rush out of the hole and turn the intruder into kibbles. When the militiaman saw her get up, he hightailed it out of the cave.

The sow ran right out into the ambush. Five people sprang out of the grass and mercilessly plunged their spears into her. Not being greedy for the credit, they pulled their spears out after inflicting fatal injury and quickly jumped back.

At the crucial moment, an accident still happened. One of the spears was stuck in the sow’s ribs, and could not be pulled out. The sow whirled on him as he tugged on it, forgetting to retreat. Angry and wounded, the pig started to launch a brutal charge at him.

This time, Ouyang Shuo reacted from the other side of the pig. He plunged his spear into her again, breaking her attempt to charge from behind as she whirled around to face him.

Seeing Ouyang Shuo over there facing the pig alone, Zhang Daniu rushed back along with the rest of the militia, and they also stabbed with their spears. With one last stab, the sow was finally unable to stand, and fell seriously injured to the ground.

Ouyang Shuo ordered the militia to not act rashly, and everyone stepped back, waiting for the sow to die of blood loss. He knew that a seriously wounded beast was very dangerous, and dying from a final lunge was not a joke. Good hunters had patience: impulsive fools had long since fed themselves to the beasts.

“System Notification: Congratulations to player Qiyue Wuyi for killing a mutant wild boar (Elite), reward 1000 xp.”

“System Notification: Player Qiyue Wuyi is now level 8!”

A white light flashed, and Ouyang Shuo smoothly rose to level 8, and the militia rose to level 7 at the same time. He stepped forward to harvest the sow’s body, and received two wild boar skins.

Perfect wild boar skin: Quality 6, can be used to make high-level leather and leather armor.

After killing the sow, everyone felt safe to get the rewards. They entered the hole, where the dozen piglets were gathered in a ball. Ouyang Shuo was momentarily at a loss; a dozen piglets was a big harvest. The six of them surrounded the piglets, who offered little resistance as they were dumped into the cage.

About to leave the cave, Ouyang Shuo saw a flash of light from the corner of it. Searching carefully, he discovered a black ring.

Name: Ring of Courage (black iron level)

Properties: Enhances the morale of troops by 5%

Evaluation: The ring has only one power: with a rousing speech, you can have a greater effect on your soldiers.

For black iron equipment, the effect was pretty good, and jewelry was more rare than most other types. Shuo directly put it on his right ring finger.

There was a burst of system announcements; Shuo paused to read them all.

"System Notice: Congratulations to player Di Chen for becoming China's first Lord to upgrade to the second grade village, special reward of 1100 merit points!”

"System Notice: Congratulations to player Di Chen for becoming China's first Lord to upgrade to the second grade village, special reward of 1100 merit points!”

"System Notice: Congratulations to player Di Chen for becoming China's first Lord to upgrade to the second grade village, special reward of 1100 merit points!”

Ah, the leader of the Six Tyrants of Handan, Di Chen. It was the reality of having a strong political group among the new players. They had built China’s first villages, and now one of them had the first upgrade.

At this stage of the game, the only real restriction on the big forces was their lack of architectural blueprints. Ouyang Shuo’s constraints on population did not affect them: they could appeal directly to adventurers to pad their numbers.

The inertia of history was still strong; Ouyang Shuo was still a butterfly. To flap his wings and start a hurricane was still a ways away. Over the next few days, the other five Tyrants of Handan should also upgrade to level two villages.



* * *





Chapter 15




Chapter 15

Chapter 15 - Apprenticeship



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Levs



As Ouyang Shuo led the line of militiamen through the village, the villagers looked curiously at the cage of small piglets.

The piglets were only half a month old, brown-haired, black stripes on their backs, truly very cute. On the road, he had looked at their stats.

Mutated Small Wild Boar Piglets: Produced by the wild boar king and mutated elite wild boar sow, these wild boar piglets are very adaptable, their meat are delicious, and they have a growth cycle of three months.

Before they returned, Zhao Dewang had already arranged for people to build a pigsty. It was built behind the dining hall, so it would be convenient to feed them.

The pigsty was a small room with an inner and outer area. The inner area was 3.5 meters long, and 2.5 meters wide, for sleeping and eating. The outer area was 50% bigger than the inner area, with a drinking trough, and was open to the sun. Hay was scattered inside and outside the pen, making it easy to keep the pens dry and clean.

When Ouyang Shuo’s militia carried the pig cage to the pigsty, Cui Yingyu and Zhao Dewang were waiting for them. Behind them was a third man, some 30 year old man with an honest but cautious face. Yingyu introduced him as Zhu Baocai, in his original village he was a famous pig master. He had been selected by Yingyu as their pig keeper and domesticator.

Ouyang Shuo had faith in Yingyu’s eye, directly handing over the Wild Boar Domestication technical manual to Zhu Baocai, saying to him, “Master Zhu, the task of domesticating these pigs, I give to you. It is a lot of trouble for the territory to cultivate a good species of wild boar. Wild boar farming will be a core industry in the territory one day. At the right time, we will expand the scale of the pig farms. I hope that the first true pig farm can be raised by you, Master Zhu.”

Seeing the lord as very easy-going, Zhu Baocai was no longer so cautious, and talked about his skill at raising pigs. He seemed even more confident, he solemnly said, “Please do not worry about this pig breeding, I already have some experience. Look at these little piglets, all so strong and healthy. They are a fine breed, I have great confidence in raising them.”

After finishing with the pig master and saying a cordial farewell, Ouyang Shuo returned back to his office. As he sat down, Gu Xiuwen came in. Ouyang Shuo asked him to be seated and asked him if he had anything for him.

Gu Xiuwen said, “Sire, I discussed with the people in charge of three divisions today, and did the personnel distribution for farmers, builders, fisherman, animal rearers, craftsman, the five industries. Please approve this, sire.”

“Oh, your efficiency is very high! Let's talk about how you allocated things.”

“In the territory are 130 farmers. 39 households were allocated to the Reclamation Division to cultivate farmland, and the original 40 farmers were maintained and moved under the management of the Material Reserves Division. The fishermen were allocated 25 people until there were more fishing boats. After they start fishing, they will be moved under Material Reserves Division as well. For shepherds, we only have two people, responsible for pig farming. The carpenters were assigned 24 people, their main project at this time is the salt pan field construction under General Shi.”

Ouyang Shuo pondered for a moment, then asked, “On the shipyard side, are you clear on the progress of the fishing boat construction?”

“According to my understanding, the construction of

an ordinary fishing boat requires 50 units of timber, and each boat can carry two fishermen out to the sea to fish. The shipyard, at its current size, can build one fishing boat a day. The first fishing boat was requisitioned by General Shi, who is using it to transport personnel and materials for construction of the salt pan.” Gu Xiuwen was well prepared as a clerk of the territory to understand the latest developments in all walks of life as one of his basic tasks. “Not bad. Let's stick to the distribution plan. Beginning tomorrow, other than special talents, everyone is to be assigned to the Salt Pan Division. At the same time, in addition to the five fields, set up a separate household. Personnel information is as important as military information and must be kept confidential. As for the Salt Pan Division, you must pay close attention to it. I will clear this up with General Shi.”

“In addition, starting from tomorrow, we will be changing the meetings to once per week. Who attends should also be fixed, in principle, only the secretaries of the various divisions need to meet. If there is a need, you can take one or two deputies along to go to the meetings. If you have problems from day to day you can report to me directly.”

Gu Xiuwen nodded, and seeing his lord had nothing else to say, rose and departed.

*****************************

The next day, Ouyang Shuo stopped in on General Shi, asking about the construction on the salt pan fields.

Although he was a military man, General Shi was quite familiar with military books and reading. Even in an unfamiliar area, he was still able to think clearly. He stated unambiguously, “The intrinsic principles of the Sun Drying Salt technical manual are solid and backed by experience. You need an average of one salt worker per two acres. The average monthly harvest is 200 units of salt per acre (500/hectare). As our manpower is currently limited, I will recommend the first phase of the construction to be one hundred acres of salt fields. According to final estimates of the whole, the whole beach is expected to open up hundreds of acres of salt fields.”

Ouyang Shuo made some mental measurements. In the Market, a unit of salt sold for 20 copper. In other words, an acre of land could produce a gold coin in pure profit, which was very impressive. Unfortunately, the sea salt cycle took an entire month. To obtain the first harvest, they could not count on it when they were building the grade 2 village.

Ouyang Shuo knew that the population limit for the second village was 500 people, a gap of 300 people from the first village. According to the average flow of immigrants, it would take 20 days to reach the full population. With that delay, because he’d need some additional funds for work in the secondary village, he’d have to think of another method.

General Shi stood aside, watching him standing there in a daze, amused at Ouyang Shuo’s bemused expression as he wrestled with the problem.

Ouyang Shuo blinked as he returned to normal and asked, “When can the first phase of 100 acres be completed? You needn’t worry about the labor, I have already discussed it with Xiuwen yesterday.”

General Shi relaxed. “According to current progress, we’ll be finished tomorrow afternoon.”

“Excellent, I’ll be waiting for your good news!”

General Shi nodded and walked away, just then, there were a spate of system announcements.

"System Notice: Congratulations to the player Chun Shenjun for becoming the second Lord in China to upgrade to the second grade village, reward 1000 merit points!”

"System Notice: Congratulations to the player Chun Shenjun...”

"System Notice: Congratulations...”

The Tianhe Consortium had really strong financial resources. Chen Shenjun had managed to become the second in China to upgrade to a second grade village.

Unfazed, Ouyang Shuo knew that the most important thing to do now was the things on hand. Today he was ready to do only one thing, and that was to visit the territory of all the skilled talents one by one to encourage them to take on apprentices.

Among those people, Advanced Shipbuilder Zheng Dahai had enrolled four apprentices and did not need to be visited. Basic Carpenter Zhao Youfang and Basic Stonemason Zheng Shangun were designated as part of the civil service, and were no longer suitable for training apprentices.

Yingyu had found two young business apprentices, a man and a woman. The man was called Qian Lifei, originally the owner of a brothel. His village had been looted, and he had come to Shanhai Village. The woman was called Du Xiaolan, also the daughter of a businessman. Yingyu took her in and deliberately kept her around, teaching her carefully. Both were temporarily placed in the Material Reserve Division by Yingyu, acting as her assistants.

Ouyang Shuo’s first visit was to the small courtyard of Dr. Song. He was the first high-level talent in Shanhai Village, but he had not yet recruited an apprentice, which made Ouyang Shuo a little dissatisfied. Thinking about this, it was all well and fine for the doctor, because he was living in the house of the lord as a symbol of the lord’s power. But the old man, except for going out occasionally to gather herbs and mix up his golden medicine, did not do anything else.

As Ouyang Shuo came in, Dr. Song was in the room reading medical books leisurely. Seeing him come in, Dr. Song said lightly, “I did not know sire was coming. You haven’t been caring for me, it is strange to see sire. I don’t think you came to see me, what is the matter?”

Seeing Dr. Song with this attitude, Ouyang Shuo’s heart was even more irritated. Seeing that he needed help from the person, he patiently said, “The recent affairs of the territory have kept me busy and I have neglected Elder, please don't worry!”

Dr. Song’s feelings were stirred up, saying, “Sire’s words are heavy. I'm a free man, not doing anything, I'm fine. Sire is the lord of the village. You obviously have many things to do.”

Talking with him, Ouyang Shuo rapidly understood the crux of the problem. The old man was not as indifferent to fame and fortune as he thought he was. Ouyang Shuo said some words of courtesy, and in turn he listened well.

The doctor’s meaning was obvious. He lived in a small courtyard, the other people had found official positions, and he was alone. When Ouyang Shuo came, he was the lord who treated him with respect and care for the future. Now with another helper, he did not put him in mind. So many days, he didn’t say even a word of greeting. Even Yingyu, that girl, who was so busy, had no time to see him! He had turned invisible. That Er Wazi did not speak with him, so how could he not vent?

Shou had not expected this. The old man looked so grand and strong, but his desire for fame and fortune were so heavy. Hey, yeah, a desire for recognition was good. He was really afraid he would not accept his request, and did not know where to start again.

So, Ouyang Shuo smiled and said, “Soon, I will set up a special medical institution, a hospital, to take over the medical affairs for the whole territory. To get it started, there must naturally be enough people. Elder is a noble person, so I should not disturb you. But there is no one else in the territory who can help me at this time!”

Dr. Song was moved. “Sire, do not worry. These bones may be old, but I can certainly handle teaching three or four younger folk without a problem.”

Ouyang Shuo laughed, “Then I shall leave this to the great elder of Shanhai Village without worries!”

After speaking with Dr. Song, the other skilled folk were much easier. For Basic Blacksmith Li Tiezhu and his wife Lee the Basic Chef, Ouyang Shuo promised to arrange for them a separate small courtyard at the right time for them to live in. The couple was happy to promise to recruit two apprentices each.

Merchant Li Fugui had recruited an apprentice yesterday, but had not reported it yet. Today, Ouyang Shuo promised to build the first-class carpenter, Lu Guangshi, a Carpenter’s Workshop for woodworking, and to look for a Guide to the Wagon manufacturing manual for his research. The carpenter immediately agreed to recruit two apprentices.

After a round of all this lobbying, Ouyang Shuo ’s voice was hoarse. However, it had all been worth it, for the territory had ten more apprentices. Adding in voluntary enrollment, that brought the total apprentices to seventeen. When they finished their initial training, the village was going to have a small outbreak of talent.



* * *





Chapter 16




Chapter 16

Chapter 16 - Grade 2 Village



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun



During the next three days, the system announcement for China rang often. Three more of the Six Tyrants of Handan managed to upgrade their territories to grade 2 villages.

The representative of the military, Zhan Lang, could not unscrupulously use credits to buy the in-game currency like the rest of them, and had fallen behind as a result, not managing to upgrade yet.

Ouyang Shuo’s territory was very calm. The workshop he had promised his carpenter, Lu Guangzhi, had already been built. Under the leadership of Elder Dexian, five hundred acres of farmland on the north side of the territory, near the Friendship River, had been successfully opened.

Simple Farmland: Remove the weeds and treat the land, and it can grow all kinds of crops.

As for the saltpan fields being built under General Shi’s supervision, they were also smoothly completed. 40 salt workers were stationed there to begin spreading salt water across the panning field, and dry it out to make salt. The first salt field to open was officially named by Ouyang Shuo as the North Salt Field.

On the pig breeding side, Zhu Baocai did not disappoint. The 12 piglets, after brief discomfort and panic, had now fully adapted to life in the pen. The development of breeding pigs was a new industry that was just around the corner.

**************************************

On the 14th day of the first year of Gaia, at 8 AM in Shan Hai village, all of the core staff had gathered in the Chamber early, waiting for a historic moment.

Gu Xiuwen was calmly registering the day’s newest population of people. Ouyang Shuo did not care about their stats and in his heart all he was thinking about was leveling up the village.

With a hum and flash of white light, in the middle of the Chamber a golden stone that slowly rose from the ground. Ouyang Shuo placed his hand on the front of the stone, and the system notification sounded.

“System Notification: Detecting Shanhai Village’s upgrade conditions…”

“Condition 1: Population 200 people. The Village is over the limit and has met the requirements!”

“Condition 2: All required infrastructure has been completed, and met the requirements!”

“Condition 3: The rank of the Lord has made Second grade Baron, and met the requirements!”

“Congratulations to player Qiyue Wuyi and the established Shanhai Village for meeting all required conditions to upgrade. Would you like to upgrade?”

“Upgrade!”

From the stone, once again golden light spilled out to reach up to the sky and formed a golden halo. The halo spread out to encompass the entire village and swept out to the edges of his territory before disappearing.

“System Notification: Congratulations to player Qiyue Wuyi for becoming the sixth Lord in China to upgrade to the Second Grade Village! Reward: 600 merit points!”

“System Notification: Congratulations to player Qiyue Wuyi...”

“System Notification: Congratulations...”

This time, Ouyang Shuo had beaten Zhan Lang of the Six Tyrants of Handan, and history began to shift.

The announcement in the game caused an uproar. Players were speculating on who Qiyue Wuyi was, defying the hegemony of the Six Tyrants of Handan.

Earth Online had so far been open for only half a month. The identities of the Six Tyrants had been subject to endless amounts of gossip by the players, an

d gradually their real identities had surfaced, no longer as mysterious as they were in the beginning. Unfortunately, the more players knew of the identities of the Tyrants, the more depressed they had become. China had never had a lack of ambition in its players, especially with Earth Online holding meaning far beyond that of a typical game. Even those with great ambition, in the face of the status of the Six Tyrants, were afraid to move ahead and defy them.

Now, Ouyang Shuo had succeeded in beating a member of the Six Tyrants of Handan. This shook up the status quo, exciting the players, and suddenly the situation in China became blurry and not as set in stone.

***************************

In Jianye city near the Blood Red Village, a determined-looking young man rushed and sat in the office of the village chief.

He was Zhan Lang, and his expression was gloomy. Opposite him sat another young man. “Lieutenant, it’s time to stop being cautious. Get on the line and start buying the game currency at whatever price point is required.”

“Yes sir!”

At the same time, in Quanzhou House near the King Village, a heavily eyebrowed, middle-aged man heard the system announcement, and adopted an interested smile. “Oh, there is actually someone beyond the Six Tyrants! So it seems that they are not invincible! Well, it seems that my King Village could become worthy of the name as well! Hahahahahaha....”

For a time, inside and outside the game, the people were surging with new emotions.

***************************

At this time, Ouyang Shuo didn’t have time to really care what was going on, as he was still going through the operation of upgrading his territory.

“System Notification: Congratulations to Qiyue Wuyi for upgrading to the grade 2 village. The Lord’s Manor is automatically upgraded. In addition, the player may choose one of three random village buildings to establish!

“System Notification: Random buildings selected, please choose: Village level Ancestral Hall, Village Private School, or Village Granary! Please choose!”

“Choose the village granary!”

“System Tip: Building automatically generated, player please check it out!”

With a hum and a flash of white light, the golden townstone once again slowly sank down into the ground.

Telling everyone to wait for a while, Ouyang Shuo took the opportunity to slowly look over the properties of the village.

Territory Name: Shanhai Village (secondary village)

Lord: Qiyue Wuyi (Third Class Viscount)

Title: None

People: 80

Law and Order: 75

Territory Population: 200/500

Flow Rate Of Immigrants: 10 * (1 + 50%) = 15 / day

Territory Area: 50 square kilometers

Territorial Characteristics: 50% increase in attracting immigrants, 20% increase in attracting special talents, 50% increase in crop production, 20% increase in production capacity of residents, 20% increase in military rank

Treasury: 10 gold coins

Territory Resources: 3100 units of grain, 180 units of wood, 800 units of stone, 300 units of iron ore

Territorial Army: Militia team (10)

Territory industry: North Salt Pan (100 acres)

Political index: 25/100 (determines administrative efficiency, relationship with the people)

Economic index: 10/100 (determines the degree of trade prosperity, the ability to pay taxes)

Cultural Index: 10/100 (determines the degree of education developed, the quality of residents)

Military: 20/100 (determines military strength, stable internal relations)

Basic Buildings: Village Level Lord’s House, Basic Market, Simple Fence, Village Canteens, Village Latrine, Wooden Residents Small Courtyard (10), Basic Blacksmith, Basic Grocery, Basic Logging, Basic Quarry, Simple Farmland (500 acres), Basic Barracks, Pigsty, Carpentry Workshop

Special buildings: Ferry, wharf, basic shipyard

Hidden Architecture: Matsu Temple (seal)

List of potential capital construction buildings:

Village Ancestral Hall: For worshipping the ancestors. Construction conditions: ancestral building drawings, timber 80 units, stone 40 units. Build time: One day.

Village Level Hospital: For medical treatment of the villagers. Construction conditions: Basic doctor, medical museum building drawings, timber 60 units, stone 20 units. Build time: one day.

Village Private School: A private education facility for the children of the village. Construction conditions: scholar, private school architectural drawings, timber 150 units, 80 units of stone. Construction time: two days.

Basic Martial Arts Dojo: A rural training building for basic martial arts. Construction conditions: Wu Fu, martial arts architectural drawings, 100 pieces of wood, 100 units of stone. Construction time: two days.

Village Granary: A warehouse for storing grain. Construction conditions: granary construction drawings, timber 400 units, stone 200 units. Construction time: three days. (Note: the building has been generated and awarded.)

Basic Tailor Shop: A shop for sewing clothing. Construction conditions: Basic tailor, tailor shop construction drawings, timber 40 units, stone 20 units. Build time: one day.

Basic Mining Field: Speeds up the collection of ore, increasing average production to 2 units of iron ore / person / day. Construction conditions: timber 40 units, stone 20 units. Build time: one day.

Simple Arrow Tower: A basic defensive structure, with a weak defense. Construction conditions: 80 units of wood, stone 10 units. Build time: one day.

Ouyang Shuo analyzed everything for a moment. To rise to the 3rd grade village, he had to meet 3 conditions once again. The 1st condition was the new population limit, which for now he had no good way to accelerate. Based on his current immigration rate, it would take 20 days to reach the new upper limit of the population.

His low population was his biggest weakness, and that was because of the lack of individual players. The 3rd condition, of meeting the rank requirement, was the easiest and he was not worried about it at all.

The hardest to meet would be the 2nd requirement: Infrastructure Constuction. That required 3 conditions on its own. The 1st was building materials, which he didn’t need to worry about, as he could easily meet all the storage capacity. He wasn't worried about the 2nd condition, which was the basic needs of talents to staff the buildings, because of his territory’s special trait of +20% in attracting special talents. As long as he was patient, the talents would naturally come.

The biggest difficulty was the architectural blueprints. In the Basic Market, every 2 village blueprints were 5 gold coins. But for the new buildings, such as the ancestral hall, hospital, private school, dojo, and tailor shop, he needed a full 25 gold coins each. Ouyang Shuo and every other Lord had to worry about where they were going to get the gold from.

After analyzing the stats of the village and going over everything, he had time to take everyone and go visit the upgraded Lord’s Manor. In his home, the courtyards were now larger, and the area occupied by it had nearly doubled.

The courtyards had become much more refined. The original 3 rooms had now expanded to five, the rooms were more spacious than before, and even the grade of furniture had improved by a level. The middle of the hall was still the chamber, but now, instead of a dirt floor, it was covered with slate.

On the eastern side of the room near the chamber was still the head office of the village. The main difference was that now there was a row of bookshelves there, and it was weighed down with new books. On the east side of the new room was the administrative office. Now, Gu Xiuwen and the other officials had their own office space.

On the west side of the building was still Ouyang Shuo’s bedroom, with a dining room between it and the Chamber. From now on, from the courtyard he didn’t have to go to the dining hall and eat with the commoners: there was a small stove with which to prepare food to eat.

On the east and west sides of the Chamber, the number of rooms expanded from 2 to 4.

Taking advantage of everyone being there, Ouyang Shuo began to rearrange everyone’s accommodations. In the east wing, the 1st room was still for General Shi. In turn, Gu Xiuwen, Elder Dexian, and Zhao Dewang were given rooms.

In the west wing, the first room was naturally where Cui Yingyu was living. In turn, Two Wazi and Dr. Song got their own rooms, with the last room temporarily empty. Once the hospital was built, Dr. Song would move in there, much like Zhao Youfang and Zheng Shangun had moved to the logging field and quarry they were respectively overseeing.



* * *





Chapter 17




Chapter 17

Chapter 17 - Industry



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Levs



After the simple tour, everyone returned to the Chamber. As Shanhai Village had just been upgraded to a grade 2 village, it was time to let everyone know what the next steps they were going to take were.

Everyone sat down, and Ouyang Shuo went straight into the main topic. “With everyone’s joint efforts, Shanhai Village has successfully upgraded to a grade 2 village, and we’re also the sixth in China to achieve this feat! This is the result of the hard work of all the villagers and everyone of you gathered here. It is truly worth celebrating! Therefore, I have decided that tonight we will hold a grand bonfire party to celebrate. Tonight’s celebration shall be prepared by Cui Yingyu.”

Cui Yingyu nodded. “Big brother, you can be rest assured, I will make it as grand as possible. Speaking of which, this is the first time our territory has undertaken such a celebration! You have to personally perform a show to help out with the entertainment!”

As she finished, General Shi took the lead in applauding that idea. Even the normally sedate Zhao Dexian looked excited, and cheered at the idea.

Ouyang Shuo gave a wry smile. “Yingyu, you are trying to checkmate me. But your idea is very good, I firmly support it. Hmm, it is more joyful to share the joy than to keep it to oneself. Everyone here will have to prepare at least one performance or play. If you want to cheer, how can you not get dragged into the water? If your sire has to contribute, then you do as well.”

Yingyu laughed, as performing a program was, for her, naturally something that took no effort. The other people looked a bit unpleasant and depressed, as if they’d lifted a stone, only to drop it on their own foots.

“After the upgrade, there are a lot of things to do. Here, I’m going to make general arrangements. We have much to do, so please hold your advice and opinions until I am done.”

“First of all, work arrangements for the Construction Division. The private school, hospital, and other buildings cannot be built at the moment due to the lack of building plan blueprints. However, there are still great responsibilities that lie upon you. We do not need blueprints to construct the basic mining field and the simple arrow tower, so build them as soon as possible. The Material Reserve Division needs to stay in good communication with you to pick the field to be developed. Build two arrow towers, one on each side of the village entrance. In addition, the second phase of the 15 small residential courtyards needs to be done quickly, and you must pay close attention to it. And the very most important of all is to cooperate with the Salt Pan Division to carry out the construction of the second phase of the Northern Saltworks.”

“The Northern Saltworks is the only industry in the territory at the moment. It is also an extremely important source of funding for the future of the territory. I have decided that the second phase is to open up another 400 acres, for a total size of 500 acres. This will require a lot of labor. Household Registration Office will have to actively cooperate with the present stage, and make it a priority to channel people to the salt fields. The total number of salt workers will need to reach 250 people in order to maintain full productivity in the salt harvesting operation.”

“Material Reserves Division, the numbers involved in quarrying and logging will remain about the same at 20 people after the completion of the primary mining field. The number of fishermen should gradually increase to 30. As for militia, we will directl

y be expanding them to 50 people. Make formal preparations, 10 people in a squad, led by a Sergeant; five squads as a platoon, led by a Lieutenant. The rest of the labor will be sent to the Reclamation Division to cultivate more farmland, up until a total size of 2000 acres. As the arrangements above, Household Registration Division will allocate manpower as needed, and confirm proof of residence for the new work arrangements. If there are any questions, they can now be raised.” Digesting the orders that Shuo had laid out before them, the directors considered their field of specialties and divisions before they spoke up with comments or suggestions.

General Shi was the first to stand up. “My lord, I have something to say. With the militia expanded to 50 people, it will be necessary to have 5 sergeants to command the teams.”

“General, by your recommendation, report to me for approval. As far as possible, please choose from the veterans for your recommendations, but make sure your choices are good ones, do not promote them unconditionally.”

“Ability is the only premise. In addition, Zhang Daniu and San Gouzi can be directly promoted to team leader. The squad leader of the militia is naturally you. As the North Salt Fields are on track, it is time for you to move and concentrate on the militia team training. As for the safety of the fields, rotate Zhang Daniu and San Gouzi with a militia team in charge.”

General Shi grinned. He would no longer be stationed in the salt field, which obviously made him very happy. However, he was not a fool, and had long deduced something was going on from Ouyang Shuo’s words. He directly asked, “My lord, what is the main reason behind this expansion of the militia?”

Ouyang Shuo nodded his head approvingly. “The expansion of the militia is to deal with a variety of new security challenges. With the new upgrade, our territory has increased to 250% of the original size! I am expecting that in half a month, a beast riot is going to come out of the wilderness, and we will encounter massive beast attacks. Therefore, General, you must not only see to the development of the militia, but you have to establish a detailed defense against the beast attacks and combat program, report to me for review.”

General Shi spoke up loudly, “Sire, I will see this done!”

Cu Yingyu rose next. “Big Brother, on the number of fishermen, I have a different view. At this moment, we only have four fishing boats. Each boat can only take two men, while the shipyard is only making a boat a day. To get 30 fishermen to work will take at least another 11 days. As far as I know, a fisherman can harvest 50 units of fish a day on average. With the amount of fish harvested, we simply cannot eat it all. Why do you need so many fishermen?”

Ouyang Shuo understood her point. Fish could not be used as a staple food, and was not easy to store for a long period of time, it could not replace the role of harvested food and forage. For this, he had his own plan.

“Yingyu, what you have said is naturally true. But you have not considered, if the fish can be salted, then dried. Dried fish is not a living thing, and can be easily stored. The market price of a unit of dried fish is 15 copper. It takes two units of fish to make one unit of dried fish, and one unit of salt can be used for 50 units of dried fish. Excluding the cost of the salt, a single fisherman’s daily harvest can create a profit of 355 copper for the territory. Once the first batch of salt in the salt fields is produced, the construction funds of the territory could be financed entirely by the sea! As for the fishermen who are not yet in boats, arrange for them to work on salting the live fish.”

Cu Yingyu could see that Shuo had calculated everything, and said in sincere admiration, “Big Brother has thought this through, I am far from your level!”

Ouyang Shuo waved his hand. “I am no genius. I have been worrying about funds and plans for the territory for some time, and came up with this idea.”

This was certainly not Ouyang Shuo just coming up with words to comfort her on the spot. He had been considering all these plans and points as early as when he had selected the Lianzhou Basin to establish his village. As a lord player, if he couldn’t make full use of marine resources, then he was really remaining willfully blind to his geographical advantages.

Sea salt and marinated salted fish were the two ways to accumulate early capital that he wanted to get established. To this end, he had not hesitated to spend his early reward money on the Salt Water Technology manual and those three special sets of building blueprints.

This was the advantage of rebirth. While the powerful representatives were paying heavy real money to buy the game currency, he was developing a perfect industry so as to provide a steady stream of building funds. This advantage would become more and more apparent later on.

His current industry had just started, resulting in limited profits, but he was just beginning. Once he expanded the scale of development, naturally the profits would increase several times over.

It was the consensus of strong lords in the past that for sustainable development, they had to develop their own industries. After all, they could only use credit points to buy the games currency for less than a year’s time.

Finally Zhao Dexian stood up, saying, “Sire, I have some questions. As sire has arranged for the Reclamation Division to cultivate two hundred and fifty acres of farmland, there is naturally no problems. My question is, for these acres of farmland, I was wondering what crops sire might want us to plant?”

Ouyang Shuo decided to test him, asking, “Secretary Zhao, based on Lianzhou Basin’s climate conditions, what do you think are the most appropriate crops to plant?”

Zhao Dexian was a farmer, and had a lifetime of experience dealing with farmland, and was clear on the planting time for all kinds of crops. He answered, “This is the middle of the season. Winter is not over, spring is not here, it is not suitable for planting any crops at this time.”

Ouyang Shuo smiled mysteriously, and said, “Good answer. However, the Lianzhou Basin has a special climate, and there is one crop that you can grow in winter here, namely sweet potatoes. Although the best planting season in November was missed with the monsoon, we still have suitable growing conditions. If we plant now, we can harvest them in April and May, and completely solve the problems of crop shortages.”

Zhao Dexian was momentarily surprised, and then replied gloomily, “I am ashamed to say that I did not think of such a crop.” In fact, this could not really be blamed on him. His previous village of Zhao Jiagou had been in the forest, and had very rarely planted sweet potatoes, so he did not think of such a crop on the spur of the moment.

Ouyang Shuo smiled. “So, these acres of farmland should be planted with sweet potatoes as quickly as possible, and must be completed before the end of the month. As for the seedlings, I will buy them from the Market.”

After answering Zhao Dexian’s questions, the doubts of the others had been cleared, and Ouyang Shuo announced the end of the meeting. Waiting until the crowd dispersed, he headed over to the Basic Market to procure some items.

The treasury only had 10 gold coins at the moment. But he had set aside four gold coins to grow the militia, so he really only had six gold to use.

He first spent a gold coin to get enough seedlings to plant five hundred acres of sweet potatoes. Three acres was the maximum amount of areas he wanted to devote to sweet potatoes for now.

Then, he spent another gold coin and bought 500 units of salt. This salt was enough to make the salted fish for now. Later, his salt fields would produce more than enough salt on their own.

As for the remaining four gold coins, he simply purchased 4000 units of grain directly. With the initial remaining 3100 units of food from his previous purchases, as well as the fisherman harvesting fish as a supplement, it would be enough to support the entire village on its way to becoming a grade 2 village.

With his procurements done, Shuo’s pockets were now empty. After arranging for people to put the purchased material into the warehouse and granary, he had nothing more to do for the moment.





* * *





Chapter 18




Chapter 18

Chapter 18- Bonfire Party



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun



That night, the bonfire party, as promised by Cui Yingyu, was very lively. Everyone gathered in the public square in front of the Lord’s Manor, and built large fires with firewood. Groups of people gathered around them, singing and dancing.

Yingyu’s Lingbo Dance wowed the whole town. It was a soft dance, with a light step, like clouds floating in the air, and also like sunlight dancing on the wate. It made her look like a fairly in the waves floating along via the dance. It could be described as the shorts steps of lingbo captivated anyone who saw it.

General Shi’s sword dance was also wonderful. His sword was like a white snake, hissing in the winds. It moved like a dragon, sometimes heavy, sometimes light, hitting like thunder and moving like lightning. It was a case of a silver light from the square could pierce a chest of someone from miles away.

Not to be outdone, Elder Dexian, together with the original villagers from Zhao village, arranged a pole dance. The percussion instruments had a strong rhythm, with crisp, high-pitched sounds, and were very lively. Bursts of laughter mixing together with the light and sound of bamboo flutes conveyed the mood of the people. The celebratory music showed their happiness, stirring up the whole of Shanhai Village with the joy and happiness of the dance.

At the climax of the evening, Ouyang Shuo sang a modern version of ‘Luo Shen Fu1’:

Luoshui River in the east, legends spread through ages, a paradise in human world.

In the dreams I see, a woman of heaven, tripping lightly like a startled swan.

Six dragons, carriage of clouds, carried her back to the high heavens, leavings tales behind.

When the tales were told, people would say, it was a dream of Xiang King2.

The dream ended, tears soaked towels, flowed down my cheeks.

Her youth untouched by time, yet human and God have different path, only earrings stayed as souvenir.

Wind blew and time flies, historians records and wondered the anonymous.

When they ask today, what is this memorial temple, built in riverside?

An art of Goddess Luo, to ease and comfort my heart.

The scent she left behind, her image in my mind.

Wind blew and time flies, the universe turned from nothing into everything.

What is love, only to drive human insane, and succumb goddess.

An art of Goddess Luo, who still sings the poetry lines?

The river flows regardlessly.



The people of Shanhai Village, including Ouyang Shuo and General Shi, were all displaced people and destined to meet together. A simple bonfire party that reduced the pain of everyone’s displacement helped pull them together. The celebration helped cement the feeling that Shanhai Village was really their home now.

“System Notification: Congratulations to player Qiyue Wuyi for the success of the bonfire party! The villagers appreciate the hospitality of their Lord! Morale of your people has increased by 5 points!”

Ouyang Shuo really didn’t need to see the damn prompt from the system. He was immersed in the lively atmosphere of the party, and now it had reminded him that it was all only a game.

Unfortunately, it was now late into the night, so he returned back to his room, and logged off.

When he came out, it was already 9 AM. This time Bing’er had already gone to school on her own, and Sun Xiaoy

ue was naturally also long gone for class. He was too lazy to go downstairs to get breakfast, so he fried up two eggs and drank a glass of milk for a simple breakfast. Opening his handbrain, he found that he had new email. Opening it up, he found that it was an invitation letter from his original junior high school. The letter had been sent by his class president Yuan Ping, who had invited him to a reunion party.

The gist of the letter was that since graduating from junior high, the class had not gotten together for a long time. During the Spring Festival this year, a class party was going to be held in Guifang Park. He was hoping that everyone arranged their own trip ahead of time, we must attend, etc. and so forth.

Thinking about it, it really had been seven or eight years since he had seen the rest of his class from junior high. Ouyang Shuo couldn’t even recall the names of many of them, the memories were already fuzzy.

At the time, if there was nothing particularly important going on, Ouyang Shuo decided that he would go and participate. After all, this was probably the only reunion they would have. A year later, they would be boarding a starship, and if they were going to ever meet again, it would be after many, many years.

Anyways, there was still some time until the Spring Festival, so it wasn’t worth worrying about. Opening up the game forums, Ouyang Shuo took a look at the trending posts of the other players.

At the top of the discussion posts, ‘Shanhai Village has broken the monopoly of the Six Tyrants of Handan, claiming the sixth promotion to Second grade Village in China!’

Ouyang Shuo browsed through the comments, dumbfounded at the mess, not knowing what to say.

1st poster: ‘I bet Qiyue Wiuyi is a secretive great family’s descendent!’

2nd poster: ‘Bet+1, bottom floor keep at it!’

3rd poster: ‘Invisible ass, the two above have seen too many novels!”

4th poster: ‘Top floor, Ithink he's just lucky!’

5th poster: ‘Qiyue Wuyi, people want to give birth to a kid for you!’

6th poster: ‘Upstairs is a dinosaur, identification finished!’

7th poster: ‘Mad Warrior of the World, recruiting members, if interested, please contact Mad Warrior quick quick!’

8th poster: ‘Upstairs advertising, pay for advertising, thank you!’

9th poster: ‘Mad Warrior of the World is a garbage guild, don’t be fooled by his recruitment!’

10th: ‘Upstairs, I want to kill you!’

The posts were completely crazy. Ouyang Shuo silently went elsewhere, ready to look at other popular posts. Not surprisingly, after Chun Shenjun, Zhan Lang had sent his trusted subordinate, Blood Wolf into the forum to publicly acquire more of the game currency.

Unfortunately, there was still no fixed market price. Didn’t he see Chunshen Jun’s financial director setting a purchase price at 2 credits for 1 copper?

Another post drew Ouyang Shuo’s attention. Among the Adventurers, someone had finally gotten a mercenary token, and set up the first mercenary group in the game - the Evil Blood mercenary group.

The head of the mercenary group was called Bloody Romance, a level 21 knight, currently #1 on the player ranks list. They were the first to set up a mercenary group, but still hadn’t received a system announcement in the game. This showcased Gaia’s preference for the players in the lord game mode.

Browsing a bit more, Ouyang Shuo found no other useful information, and closed the forum. It was time to start learning some history and recharge himself.

*************************************

In the evening when Bing’er came back from school, she seemed a little resentful that her brother had not woke up in the morning to send her off to school. Ouyang Shuo had to pull out all the stops and make a few of her favorite dishes to alleviate her displeasure.

Sun Xiaoyue, seeing Ouyang Shuo placing such importance on logging into the game every day, was also very curious, and asked him, “Hey, this Earth Online game, is it really so fun? I asked around, and none of the students in my classes played that game!”

Ouyang Shuo smiled mysteriously. “This game’s greatest charms are how territory is constructed and its realism, not the kind of no-brainer leveling games that come without effort. Most people are not patient enough to play it. If conditions permit, I suggest you also learn to play it.”

Xiaoyue rolled her eyes. “Please! I’m not like you, able to spend 100,000 credits to buy a game cabin without batting an eye!”

Reluctantly, Ouyang Shuo could only tell her to this extent. If she did not listen, it was passing up her own good fortune. There was no way he could tell her about the truth of the game in his ‘past’. He had no proof to show her that there was a problem, even if she would believe him, nor could he explain how he would know such a thing. He certainly couldn’t tell her that he was reborn from the future!

To make up for not being there in the morning, Ouyang Shuo didn’t get on promptly at night, first helping Bing’er with her homework and reading a fairy tale to her at night. By the time he coaxed his little sister to sleep, it was already 10 PM.

For him, the game was important, but Bing’er was the most important. The game was only a means to success, but it was only meant to help his family. Often enough, people were confused by the appearance of things. Without being clear on means and purpose, people would lose themselves.

Moreover, Shanhai Village had established a complete organizational structure due to his efforts in promoting people. Even if he wasn’t there for a short period of time, his territory would still operate smoothly.

Once logged in, it was time to go out and go to work. Shou went to the edge of the courtyard, teasing Blackfang.

The horses didn’t really like dogs, so Ouyang Shuo wasn’t assured to let the dog go running around. Usually, it was tied up in the yard. When he was free, he would hold onto it as he walked around the village. With nothing special to do today, Ouyang Shuo’s guilty conscience prompted him to take up Blackfang and visit the village.

Walking around the village and looking at houses that sprouted from the ground, Ouyang Shuo felt pleased and proud. This was the village that belonged entirely to him, and he’d led everyone out of the wilderness to establish it. It had started from zero, starting from the first log put down.

The villagers loved him and were grateful to him for providing shelter to them out here in the wilds. His subordinates respected him, admiring his foresight, and were grateful that they could make use of his knowledge to perform on a higher level than their own skills and talents would allow.

Along the way, the villagers seeing him would smile and bow to him. Ouyang Shuo didn’t act arrogant, and would stop to chat, asking them if there were any problems he didn’t know about. If there were difficulties, they had to be shared, to better help everyone solve them!

Last night’s bonfire party was obviously on everyone’s mind, especially Yingyu’s beautiful Lingbo dance and the momentum of General Shi’s sword dance. Of course, there was also their Lord’s singing; it wasn’t bad, but the tone had been a little strange, as if people were listening to some foreign music.

When he came into the village, he saw that Zhao Dewang was overseeing the building of the first arrow tower with a construction crew. General Shi was standing to the side, studying the work. The General obviously had a great deal more authority in the building of the tower than Secretary Elder Dexian did as he knew more about it. Seeing Ouyang Shuo coming, the two of them quickly came over.

General Shi’s voice was, as ever, quite loud. “Lord!” he nearly shouted.

Zhao Dewang followed behind him, greeting promptly, “Sire!”

Shou waved away formalities, still in a very good mood. With a smile at Dewang he said, “No need to stand on ceremony. Secretary Dewang has been busy, truly worthy of praise!”

Zhao Dewang still held the title of deputy director of construction, and was naturally intent on proving himself through deeds. His fear that he was not doing well and that his lord was about to criticize him was put to rest, soothing his heart. Modestly he said, “I dare not claim the credit. The reason this tower could be built so smoothly is thanks to General Shi’s advice. Without his guidance, we would not know where to start!”

General Shi was not one to know modesty. Smiling to the side, he said proudly, “This is not that difficult, this is the simplest of arrow towers. I used to lead men in war; those kinds of siege towers were much more powerful!”

General Shi turned and looked at Ouyang Shuo. “My lord, my last observation of the terrain tells me that we should build a tower at each corner of our fence to enhance the village’s defensive power. Unfortunately, there are not enough bows and arrows, nor ways to train the rookie recruits in them.”

Ouyang Shuo nodded slightly, and looked back to Zhao Dewang. “According to General Shi’s words, have the Construction Division coordinate arrangements.”

Zhao Dewang hurriedly said that within two days he could have all of the towers built. Ouyang Shuo nodded his head, and with no more reason to stay, turned to head back to his courtyard, holding onto Blackfang.





1 Luo Shen Fu 洛神赋 : An ancient China poem from the era of the late Three Kingdoms.

2 Dream of Xiang King 襄王梦 : An ancient China romance story about a king and goddess.



* * *





Chapter 19




Chapter 19-20

Chapter 19- Beginner



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Levs



Ouyang Shuo headed back to the Lord's Manor, tying Blackfang back up before he entered the office. Just as he sat down, Gu Xiuwen, his clerk and household registrar, came in with two tall men.

One of the men was about thirty years old, and unarmed. He had an evenly spaced face, wide and open under his thick eyebrows, with a pair of shrewd, deep eyes flashing as they looked him over. He had an extremely developed physique, particularly in his shoulders and arms.

The other man was in his early twenties, armed with a spear, and with a knife at his waist. His face was exceptionally attractive, with carved facial features looking like a sculptor had carved them, definitely a lady's man.

Giu Xiuwen asked Ouyang Shuo about his well-being, and introduced the two men. "Sire, these two heroes are two special talents that have just arrived in the village. They are a pair of brothers. This good man is Lin Yue, excellent at unarmed combat, an Advanced Martial Arts instructor. His good brother is a Basic Officer called Lin Yi."

Lin Yue took the opportunity to come forward, his hands clasped, bowing slightly. "Lin Yi pays respects to the lord!"

An Advanced Martial Guru and a Basic Officer? Ouyang Shuo was definitely interested in this, and was pleased to respond. "Two heroes, welcome, welcome! Today we welcome two very talented men, it is Shanhai Village's fortune!" He gestured for them to sit before proceeding. "Since both of you have such great skill, will you be willing to fight for our army?"

Hearing this, the younger man, Lin Yi, revealed an eager expression, obviously quite willing to do so. But the older brother was quiet, not showing his inner thoughts. Seeing the older brother not displaying anything, Ouyang Shuo suppressed his emotions inside. Obviously this wasn't an easy man to win over, and Ouyang Shuo nodded in approval.

Lin Yue hesitated a moment, then spoke slowly. "Your lordship, I will not lie to you. I have the ability to teach fist fighting and some footwork, but I am not suitable for the military. I suffered a serious injury in the past, and its effects haunt me still, I fear I could not live up to your expectations. My brother, although stubborn, is also skilled in martial arts. If the lord is willing, he can be set up in your army, and some strict discipline will be good for him. He will serve you well for both of us."

Ouyang Shuo nodded slightly. This Lin Yue was an honest man through and through, he's not just a simple instructor. At this moment, Ouyang Shuo wasn't going to delve deeper into his history. "Master Lin has an illness in his body, it would not be good to force you. The village has a senior doctor, I will ask him to render a diagnosis and treatment for you. In addition, the village is about to establish a martial arts dojo. When you have the time, I will have to ask Master Lin to sit down with the villagers and arrange classes to teach martial arts to them. This will help them get more physically fit and would let everyone learn some self-defense. With the wilderness nearby, a little protection could go a long way! I hope that Master Lin will not refuse my request!"

For such a noble purpose, Lin Yue could naturally not decline. Moreover, the establishment of a dojo was exactly in line with his desires. "I thank the Lord for his consideration, I would not dare to disappoint you!" He replied quickly.

Ouyang Shuo laughed, and then said, "As for Younger brother Lin, I think you will be excellent material for the militia group's leader! I think that with your ability, you will fulfill my trust!"

Master Lin again bowed. "Thank you, lord! We will not disappoint you!"

Ouyang Shuo took the opportunity to check the stats of the two brothers.

Name: Lin Yue (silver)

Identity: Shanhai Villager

Occupation: Senior Martial Arts Instructor

Loyalty: 75 points

Feature: Proficient in Fist Fighting (Enhances the Fist Martial Arts of the territory by 10%)

Evaluation: Mysterious origin, once a famous fighter. Due to residual injuries, forced to leave.

Name: Lin Yi (black iron)

Identity: Shanhai Village Militia Third Sergeant

Occupation: Basic Officer

Loyalty: 75 points

Commander: 30 Force: 40 Intelligence: 20 Political: 15

Internal Power: Lin Jiazu Shot Spearmanship (a total of twelve types)

Equipment: Fine Iron Spear, Belt Knife

Evaluation: Has studied some military history, practices spearmanship. However, his temperament is unruly and unconventional.

The brothers were definitely a bit different from one another. Master Lin was evaluated by the system as a fist style master, helping to raise the fist fighting ability of the entire territory. Such an ability was simply a great help for the whole village.

Ouyang Shuo guessed that if he could cure Master Lin's injuries, he would become at least a Master Instructor. For this, he could only lay his hopes on Dr. Song and pray, but he didn't have high hopes

as he didn't think a senior doctor would be able to solve the problem.

Lin Yi was definitely not so simple, either. Although only a black iron character, he came with his own technique and equipment. He had great potential and opportunity for growth. Putting him in the army under the command of General Shi and with a little luck in the future, he would become a major asset.

Through these last few days, Ouyang Shuo had slowly noticed that the system seemed to have revised its rules for generating immigrants. First, the closer to the start, such as an upgrade or starting the village, the more likely it was for the system to bring in some special talent. If the village had reached the required special talents to upgrade, the system would basically just send more farmers his way and rarely would there be special talents.

Another thing he'd noticed was that as the characteristics of the village rose it could also attract higher level talents from time to time. One must know that a grade 1 village focused on elementary talents and Shanhai Village already had three high class talents.

If the other lords knew this, they'd die from envy. For a lot of lords, an intermediate talent was not something they have yet, advanced talents were just utterly ridiculous luxuries.

Their welcome meeting finished, Ouyang Shuo told Gu Xiuwen to arrange comfortable accommodations for Master Lin. He would take younger Lin to the barracks. As a junior general, Lin Yi did not need to change his class.

The fundamental difference between a soldier and an general was the number of troops they could command. According to the military system, a soldier could only be promoted to the rank of Lieutenant, leading a platoon of 50 soldiers.

With 10 platoons, 500 soldiers, a squadron is formed, led by a captain, which requires at least a basic officer.

Five squadrons formed a regiment, a total of 2500 soldiers, led by a colonel, which requires at least an intermediate officer.

Five regiments formed a division, with another 1000 people under the major general, for a total of 13,500 people, which required a advanced officer.

4 divisions formed a legion, with 10,000 people under the commanding general, a total of 55,000 people. This was a massive army, and only special officers could possibly command them. If you put a number of legion together in an army group, then only a lord or lord-appointed marshal could do the job.

Therefore later on, the demand for officers in any territory would be very high. It was unrealistic to hope that your officers would be of great quality, if you didn't have the forces to attract them to service...unless there was a powerful territorial draw such as Shanhai Village, a gold level village.

More officers were being class changed from soldiers. The Intermediate Class Barracks' Class Change Chamber could transform level 10 militia into rank one soldiers. The soldiers had 9 ranks to climb. Ranks 1 to 3 were normal soldiers, 4 to 6 were the veterans, and 7 to 9 were elite soldiers.

Ordinary soldiers need to advance all the way to rank nine elites, before they could go through an Advanced Barracks' Class Change Chamber and change into Basic Officers.

It was because of this that Ouyang Shuo was paying so much attention to Lin Yi. When the two of them came to the barracks, General Shi had just came back. After Lin Yi had reported to his new commander and spoken of his history, Ouyang Shuo was ready to leave.

General Shi stopped him suddenly, saying seriously, "Lord, I have something to report!"

Ouyang Shuo stopped, a little puzzled, and asked, "Oh? What's happened?"

"One of the scouts had just reported back to me. They just came back from patrol, and when they scouted the territory, they accidentally discovered a raider camp!"

Ouyang Shuo was momentarily surprised by this development. Raider and bandit camps, the two scourges of the wilderness. "Had the patrol alerted them?" He asked urgently.

General Shi shook his head, saying, "They were not alerted. The patrol was led by San Gouzi, and they were quite clever. They saw the camp from afar, and have set down to monitor the larger force from a distance, sending a runner to return here and report!"

"Excellent, they have done well, and we must be careful! With our strength now, without knowing the strength of the enemy, we must maintain calm and restraint. General, find out two things, the size of the enemy and their general strength. If necessary, go there personally. The other thing you need to do is to seize the opportunity to pick troops for the militia as rapidly as possible. The selection of the troops will be our main priority in preparing for this fight. I will communicate with secretaries of the village to make sure this is done," Ouyang Shuo said with great caution.

General Shi was very excited, loudly saying, "Please rest assured that the patrol will return tonight to their camp. I would like to see what ability these raiders have."

Since General Shi was going to personally

personally act, Ouyang Shuo was at ease. The discovery of this temporary camp could actually be a good thing for the territory. He could train up the militia team. Killing the bandits will help them level up faster than killing monsters. After destroying them, there was a high likelihood of getting some much-needed building blueprints!

********************************************

The next day, Ouyang Shuo came online and hurriedly called General Shi into his office, eager to inquire about the results of the investigation the night before.

General Shi's ability was high, and last night he had snuck directly into the camp of the enemy, carrying out a detailed scouting mission. "My lord, here is the summary report. The whole camp numbers about a hundred people. The fighting population numbers about 60, the rest are some women and children."

"The fighting force is divided into 3 categories. 1st is the ordinary bandits, poorly equipped, and unmounted, their strength is about equal to our militia.

"The 2nd category is the elite bandits, well-equipped, with bows, spears, and horses. From looking at their stables, I estimate there are about twenty of these elites.

"The 3rd category is their leader. There is one commander with a lieutenant, the strength of their leader is about equal to that of Lin Yi from yesterday."

Ouyang Shuo's face turned solemn and said, "The strength of this group of bandits was beyond my expectations. Even the ordinary bandits were as strong as our militia. In a head-on fight, I am afraid we will suffer greatly. The elite bandits with bows and arrows are, for us, a greater threat. It seems that this time we will need to be clever, and not simply storm them."

General Shi said with some disapproval, as if admitting to cowardice, "This is the end of my report, but I do not agree. These bandits are nothing in my eyes. If I drove into their camp, I could likely kill more than half of them…"

Ouyang Shuo smiled wryly back at him. "My brave general, I know this. However, as the saying goes, the ants can also kill the elephant. You going alone is far too risky. If you failed, it would not be worth the loss. Although you have the courage, the militia team, with their simple equipment, cannot help you in such a fight."

General Shi smiled. "Then, by the lord's meaning, how should we do this?"

Ouyang Shuo calmly and confidently said, "At this stage, the most important thing is to accumulate the militia's team training and whip them into shape. We will keep the status quo and quietly accumulate strength, wait until the right time, and strike! Of course, we need to keep up our surveillance, and alert the others. Let us make arrangements for the staff in case the bandits move. In addition, we need to get the defenses of the village working, so as to avoid any accidents!"

"Yes!" Finished with the meeting, General Shi promptly left to arrange the defense of the village.

Chapter 20 - Breakthrough



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun



Shortly after General Shi had departed, Cui Yingyu entered Ouyang Shuo's office. Ouyang Shuo smiled and asked her to sit down, laughing and saying, "You seem to have come with a purpose?"

He said that for a reason. It turned out that Yingyu was a workaholic. As this was not a modern society where such things were common, she had to be a very strong woman to take on a role like this.

"Big brother, even you are making fun of me. I am working so hard, all for the sake of big brother's territory." Yingyu's face turned red as she pouted at his teasing.

Ouyang Shuo quickly apologized, and hurriedly said in a coaxing manner to avoid her embarrassment, "Ok,ok. Don't be angry. What's the progress on the basic mining field over there?"

He had to be careful of the atmosphere. Yingyu was effectively his little sister, and trusted him implicitly, the most out of all his staff. Being the target of his teasing was very embarrassing. She had come here to report on her work, and now it had become so awkward that she didn't know where to start. Seeing that Ouyang Shuo started to talk about business, she sighed with relief.

She collected herself, calmly reporting, "3 days ago, I found the blacksmith, Master Lee, and asked him to take people to start looking for mining areas. Yesterday, they finally reported back that in the southwest of the territory, at the foot of the mountain, they found an open iron ore field. It is not only large in area, but it also has rich amounts of ore, and should be very easy to collect. Some of the ore is directly exposed to the air, and can simply be lifted out of the ground to collect

to collect it."

Ouyang Shuo nodded happily at this information. "This is good news. Although the demand for iron in the territory is not great as of yet, as soon as we start making weapons, the demand will surge. With a good open field mine, we will not have to worry about iron ore for a long time. Have you managed to find any talents familiar with mining?"

"The main reason I came here today is to tell Big Brother that among the new immigrants there is an experienced intermediate miner called Yuan Shaoping. I suggest that he be put in charge of the operations for the new basic mining field."

Ouyang Shuo replied without the slightest hesitation, "Yes! Bring him along, no problem, then appoint him as the foreman of the field, assigned under your Material Reserve Division."

Touched by his trust, Yingyu smiled, "Thank you for your trust, brother, hee hee!"

Ouyang Shuo waved his hand, smiled and said, "You are my little sister, I trust your ability and vision implicitly, just do not be too hard on yourself."

Yingyu replied softly, between the two of them, they became a lot closer.

Waiting until Yingyu had left, Ouyang Shuo didn't want to stay in the office. It was time, he thought, to take a look at the carpenter's workshop.

Since the South-pointing Chariot Technical manual had been given to the carpenter Lu Guangzhi, Ouyang Shuo had no idea if he had studied it, or if there had been progress. The pointer chariot could be very useful in the first war, which was happening soon, so he wanted to get it into production quickly!

The carpenter's workshop was built on the central street of the commercial area, next to the blacksmith shop. Ouyang Shuo walked into the woodshop. Master Lu was working with two apprentices, working around a wooden carriage.

Ouyang Shuo was surprised for a moment. Understanding the manual was not easy and he had actually made the pointer carriage so quickly? This was too much! One must know that this was a difficult technology to get working.

The ancient south-pointing chariots made use of differential gears in comparison to modern day compasses, which made use of geomagnetic forces. The carriage used a gear transmission system according to the rotation of the wheels to indicate the direction of the car. No matter where the car turned, the wooden hand always pointed to the south, so it was easy to use to determine the direction the carriage should go in.

One of the apprentices looked up and saw Ouyang Shuo. He quickly alerted his master who was staring fixedly at the carriage.

Lu Guangzhi recovered, hastily bowed in salute, and fearfully said, "I was too focused and have neglected my lord, and will accept his punishment!"

Ouyang Shuo smiled, and simply said, "Master Lu is fanatic about his work, truly worthy of the admiration of everyone as someone to learn from! What is wrong with that?"

Carpenter Master Lu smiled embarrassingly, and said, "My lord has seen an embarrassing situation!"

Ouyang Shuo did not want to get tangled up with modest manners, and pointed directly to the wooden carriage. "If I am not guessing wrong, this should be the pointer carriage described in the technical manual? I did not expect that in just a few days Master Lu would make such incredible progress!"

Listening to Ouyang Shuo's praise, the man's dark face instantly reddened even further. Sounding quite shameful, he said, "I am ashamed, and not worthy of the Lord's praise. We have worked these last days in accordance with the book records, trying to make the pointer carriage. It is a pity that this carriage does not truly point south like the directions in the book say it should."

Ouyang Shuo abruptly realized that this was just a test product, which made it much more realistic. "It is not necessary for you to be ashamed, Master Lu. As far as I know, this pointer carriage is a very sophisticated instrument, and even with a technical manual to reference, it will not take just a short time to grasp how it is made. Anyway, there is still time, and you do not have to be depressed, ashamed, or anxious at all. Master Lu, study this slowly, and perhaps you can use this opportunity to upgrade your carpenter level."

Master Lu's face was a little pale, and he said gratefully, "I thank the Lord for his trust. I will certainly seize the time to study, and try to make a true pointer carriage as soon as possible and repay lord's kindness!"

"Then I am relieved. You are busy, so I will stop bothering you and take my leave!"

Walking out of the woodshop, Ouyang Shuo simply turned and walked into the blacksmith shop next door. To tell the truth, he hadn't paid much attention to Li Tiezhu, the basic blacksmith. The reason was simple: the blacksmith wasn't able to make weapons or armor. At best he could make arrowheads, and not even the more complex broadheads.

Because military goods were not allowed to be sold in the Market, Lord players could only obtain weapons and equipmentweapons and equipment in 3 ways. The first kind was the most simple, and that was when the military camp gave out a basic set of weapons and armor. This was done when upgrading soldiers, such as when farmers were upgraded into militia, and given leather armor and a spear.

The system provided the set mostly to avoid the embarrassment of a naked soldier, and could only be regarded as the most basic equipment. Of course, the shortcomings of this 'gift' were very apparent. The 'free' weapons and equipment were of very low quality and broke or were destroyed easily.

The second way to get military goods was to smuggle them in from the big cities, working with the big businessmen. As long as the payment was worth the risk, the deep background of those cartels would take the risk. They would arrange a private shipment overland, escort it all the way, and ship it directly to your territory.

This was certainly not easy to do. First you had to contact the cartels, which required upgrading the Basic Market to the Advanced Market, which would open the 4th platform of the market - the negotiated cooperative trading platform. The smuggling of weapons and equipment was extremely high in pricing, and if you weren't rich, you simply couldn't afford it. Even casually smuggling something in could bring the territory close to bankruptcy.

Those cartels were anything but generous, and were in fact greedy vampires. They risked losing everything, taking the risk of shipping everything to the territory, so if they didn't earn five, seven, or ten times the profit, they wouldn't be satisfied. Even worse, the cartels only sold the products, they were not responsible for maintenance. After-sales service was not something they even talked about.

The last way was to build your own military industry. Once he had his own military industry, naturally he didn't need to be subject to the whims of others. It was all on him how much he wanted to and how much he would be able to produce.

Although this approach looked good, it was the most difficult of the 3 paths. Why? Because weapons and equipment were prohibited items, any type of advanced weapon required the appropriate technical manual to build. For things like the famous Northern and Southern Mingguang armor, you needed the Mingguang Armor Manufacturing Technology manual to make it.

In general, technical manuals like that were not available in the Basic Market. There was only only place to buy them. It meant upgrading to the Intermediate Market, and the opening of the third platform - the limited time auction platform. The game would hold time limited auctions at a regular basis on that platform. During those events, there would usually be some rare items.

In the past, most of the technical manuals for weapons and equipment had come out of the auction. Ouyang Shuo clearly remembered when the first auction had been held in his past - at the beginning of the third month. That was also the day of the official opening of the credit points and game currency trading platform.

Back to reality, Ouyang Shuo's plan to start weapon workshops really required an advanced blacksmith to manage them. Therefore, he didn't have any expectations of Basic Master Li. So, he did not expect that with a simple visit to the smithy, Master Li would give him a surprise.

The burly blacksmith, upon seeing Ouyang Shuo, said happily, "Haha, such a coincidence! I was preparing to look for sire, and did not expect sire to come!"

"Oh? I did not know that Master Li needed to find me, what news do you have for me?" Seeing the usually calm and capable blacksmith looking so excited, Ouyang Shuo was a little surprised.

"Yesterday afternoon, when I was building a plow for a farmer, I made a natural breakthrough in my bottleneck, and was officially promoted to Intermediate Blacksmith."

Listening to him say that, Ouyang Shuo immediately thought of the gold level characteristic of his territory, namely the one that increased the proficiency rate of skilled residents by 20%, and increased the chance to break through promotional bottlenecks by 10%. He had not expected it to so quickly play a role in the village, and sure enough it was quite powerful.

"Oh, then I really must congratulate Master Li! I would like to ask, when you broke through, did you have any kind of special feeling?"

"I feel that my smithing skills have improved greatly. Before, a problem that might have confused me now seems as simple as up and down, just as if I had been enlightened by the heavens." About his own breakthrough, Master Li himself seemed to be more than a little surprised.

"Well, no matter what, this is a good thing. Master Li can now try to build some arrowheads and spears, and the territory will make use of them!"

Pleased to be able to build weapons, Master Li was honored to be given this duty. After a brief accounting of his needs, Ouyang Shuo left the blacksmith shop.



* * *





Chapter 20




Chapter 20

Chapter 20 - Breakthrough



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun



Shortly after General Shi had departed, Cui Yingyu entered Ouyang Shuo’s office. Ouyang Shuo smiled and asked her to sit down, laughing and saying, “You seem to have come with a purpose?”

He said that for a reason. It turned out that Yingyu was a workaholic. As this was not a modern society where such things were common, she had to be a very strong woman to take on a role like this.

“Big brother, even you are making fun of me. I am working so hard, all for the sake of big brother’s territory.” Yingyu’s face turned red as she pouted at his teasing.

Ouyang Shuo quickly apologized, and hurriedly said in a coaxing manner to avoid her embarrassment, “Ok,ok. Don’t be angry. What’s the progress on the basic mining field over there?”

He had to be careful of the atmosphere. Yingyu was effectively his little sister, and trusted him implicitly, the most out of all his staff. Being the target of his teasing was very embarrassing. She had come here to report on her work, and now it had become so awkward that she didn't know where to start. Seeing that Ouyang Shuo started to talk about business, she sighed with relief.

She collected herself, calmly reporting, “3 days ago, I found the blacksmith, Master Lee, and asked him to take people to start looking for mining areas. Yesterday, they finally reported back that in the southwest of the territory, at the foot of the mountain, they found an open iron ore field. It is not only large in area, but it also has rich amounts of ore, and should be very easy to collect. Some of the ore is directly exposed to the air, and can simply be lifted out of the ground to collect it.”

Ouyang Shuo nodded happily at this information. “This is good news. Although the demand for iron in the territory is not great as of yet, as soon as we start making weapons, the demand will surge. With a good open field mine, we will not have to worry about iron ore for a long time. Have you managed to find any talents familiar with mining?”

“The main reason I came here today is to tell Big Brother that among the new immigrants there is an experienced intermediate miner called Yuan Shaoping. I suggest that he be put in charge of the operations for the new basic mining field.”

Ouyang Shuo replied without the slightest hesitation, “Yes! Bring him along, no problem, then appoint him as the foreman of the field, assigned under your Material Reserve Division.”

Touched by his trust, Yingyu smiled, “Thank you for your trust, brother, hee hee!”

Ouyang Shuo waved his hand, smiled and said, “You are my little sister, I trust your ability and vision implicitly, just do not be too hard on yourself.”

Yingyu replied softly, between the two of them, they became a lot closer.

Waiting until Yingyu had left, Ouyang Shuo didn’t want to stay in the office. It was time, he thought, to take a look at the carpenter’s workshop.

Since the South-pointing Chariot Technical manual had been given to the carpenter Lu Guangzhi, Ouyang Shuo had no idea if he had studied it, or if there had been progress. The pointer chariot could be very useful in the first war, which was happening soon, so he wanted to get it into production quickly!

The carpenter’s workshop was built on the central street of the commercial area, next to the blacksmith shop. Ouyang Shuo walked into the woodshop. Master Lu was working with two apprentices, working around a wooden carriage.

Ouyang Shuo was surprised for a moment. Understanding the manual was not easy and he had actually made the pointer carriage so quickly? This was too much! One must know that this was a difficult technology to get

working.

The ancient south-pointing chariots made use of differential gears in comparison to modern day compasses, which made use of geomagnetic forces. The carriage used a gear transmission system according to the rotation of the wheels to indicate the direction of the car. No matter where the car turned, the wooden hand always pointed to the south, so it was easy to use to determine the direction the carriage should go in.

One of the apprentices looked up and saw Ouyang Shuo. He quickly alerted his master who was staring fixedly at the carriage.

Lu Guangzhi recovered, hastily bowed in salute, and fearfully said, “I was too focused and have neglected my lord, and will accept his punishment!”

Ouyang Shuo smiled, and simply said, “Master Lu is fanatic about his work, truly worthy of the admiration of everyone as someone to learn from! What is wrong with that?”

Carpenter Master Lu smiled embarrassingly, and said, “My lord has seen an embarrassing situation!”

Ouyang Shuo did not want to get tangled up with modest manners, and pointed directly to the wooden carriage. “If I am not guessing wrong, this should be the pointer carriage described in the technical manual? I did not expect that in just a few days Master Lu would make such incredible progress!”

Listening to Ouyang Shuo’s praise, the man’s dark face instantly reddened even further. Sounding quite shameful, he said, “I am ashamed, and not worthy of the Lord’s praise. We have worked these last days in accordance with the book records, trying to make the pointer carriage. It is a pity that this carriage does not truly point south like the directions in the book say it should.”

Ouyang Shuo abruptly realized that this was just a test product, which made it much more realistic. “It is not necessary for you to be ashamed, Master Lu. As far as I know, this pointer carriage is a very sophisticated instrument, and even with a technical manual to reference, it will not take just a short time to grasp how it is made. Anyway, there is still time, and you do not have to be depressed, ashamed, or anxious at all. Master Lu, study this slowly, and perhaps you can use this opportunity to upgrade your carpenter level.”

Master Lu’s face was a little pale, and he said gratefully, “I thank the Lord for his trust. I will certainly seize the time to study, and try to make a true pointer carriage as soon as possible and repay lord’s kindness!”

“Then I am relieved. You are busy, so I will stop bothering you and take my leave!”

Walking out of the woodshop, Ouyang Shuo simply turned and walked into the blacksmith shop next door. To tell the truth, he hadn’t paid much attention to Li Tiezhu, the basic blacksmith. The reason was simple: the blacksmith wasn’t able to make weapons or armor. At best he could make arrowheads, and not even the more complex broadheads.

Because military goods were not allowed to be sold in the Market, Lord players could only obtain weapons and equipment in 3 ways. The first kind was the most simple, and that was when the military camp gave out a basic set of weapons and armor. This was done when upgrading soldiers, such as when farmers were upgraded into militia, and given leather armor and a spear.

The system provided the set mostly to avoid the embarrassment of a naked soldier, and could only be regarded as the most basic equipment. Of course, the shortcomings of this ‘gift’ were very apparent. The ‘free’ weapons and equipment were of very low quality and broke or were destroyed easily.

The second way to get military goods was to smuggle them in from the big cities, working with the big businessmen. As long as the payment was worth the risk, the deep background of those cartels would take the risk. They would arrange a private shipment overland, escort it all the way, and ship it directly to your territory.

This was certainly not easy to do. First you had to contact the cartels, which required upgrading the Basic Market to the Advanced Market, which would open the 4th platform of the market - the negotiated cooperative trading platform. The smuggling of weapons and equipment was extremely high in pricing, and if you weren’t rich, you simply couldn’t afford it. Even casually smuggling something in could bring the territory close to bankruptcy.

Those cartels were anything but generous, and were in fact greedy vampires. They risked losing everything, taking the risk of shipping everything to the territory, so if they didn’t earn five, seven, or ten times the profit, they wouldn’t be satisfied. Even worse, the cartels only sold the products, they were not responsible for maintenance. After-sales service was not something they even talked about.

The last way was to build your own military industry. Once he had his own military industry, naturally he didn’t need to be subject to the whims of others. It was all on him how much he wanted to and how much he would be able to produce.

Although this approach looked good, it was the most difficult of the 3 paths. Why? Because weapons and equipment were prohibited items, any type of advanced weapon required the appropriate technical manual to build. For things like the famous Northern and Southern Mingguang armor, you needed the Mingguang Armor Manufacturing Technology manual to make it.

In general, technical manuals like that were not available in the Basic Market. There was only only place to buy them. It meant upgrading to the Intermediate Market, and the opening of the third platform - the limited time auction platform. The game would hold time limited auctions at a regular basis on that platform. During those events, there would usually be some rare items.

In the past, most of the technical manuals for weapons and equipment had come out of the auction. Ouyang Shuo clearly remembered when the first auction had been held in his past - at the beginning of the third month. That was also the day of the official opening of the credit points and game currency trading platform.

Back to reality, Ouyang Shuo’s plan to start weapon workshops really required an advanced blacksmith to manage them. Therefore, he didn’t have any expectations of Basic Master Li. So, he did not expect that with a simple visit to the smithy, Master Li would give him a surprise.

The burly blacksmith, upon seeing Ouyang Shuo, said happily, “Haha, such a coincidence! I was preparing to look for sire, and did not expect sire to come!”

“Oh? I did not know that Master Li needed to find me, what news do you have for me?” Seeing the usually calm and capable blacksmith looking so excited, Ouyang Shuo was a little surprised.

“Yesterday afternoon, when I was building a plow for a farmer, I made a natural breakthrough in my bottleneck, and was officially promoted to Intermediate Blacksmith.”

Listening to him say that, Ouyang Shuo immediately thought of the gold level characteristic of his territory, namely the one that increased the proficiency rate of skilled residents by 20%, and increased the chance to break through promotional bottlenecks by 10%. He had not expected it to so quickly play a role in the village, and sure enough it was quite powerful.

“Oh, then I really must congratulate Master Li! I would like to ask, when you broke through, did you have any kind of special feeling?”

“I feel that my smithing skills have improved greatly. Before, a problem that might have confused me now seems as simple as up and down, just as if I had been enlightened by the heavens.” About his own breakthrough, Master Li himself seemed to be more than a little surprised.

“Well, no matter what, this is a good thing. Master Li can now try to build some arrowheads and spears, and the territory will make use of them!”

Pleased to be able to build weapons, Master Li was honored to be given this duty. After a brief accounting of his needs, Ouyang Shuo left the blacksmith shop.



* * *





Chapter 21




Chapter 21-22

Chapter 21 - To the Raider’s Camp



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: RED





Gaia Year 1,1st month, the 20th day.



At the military camp school, fifty militia had been assembled in their teams. Standing on the temporarily erected platform, Ouyang Shuo began the pre-battle mobilization.

“Soldiers, I, the Lord of Shanhai Village, am addressing you! Five days ago, a raider’s camp was found within our territory! Our enemies, they are numerous and well equipped! We have fewer soldiers and our weapons are not as good. If you are afraid, stand up now, and you won't have to go.

“My soldiers, remember this! Since the moment you entered the barracks, you were no longer farmers tied to the earth, you severed your ties to your past! Who are you? You are the specially selected warriors of Shanhai, and the mission of soldiers is to defend their territory! Now, the villagers are looking at you, their children are watching you! Will you be worms or dragons, it all depends on this battle! Are you afraid!?”

“Not afraid!” All of the militia shouted back together, none of them were cowards.

“Do you have the confidence to win?”

“We have!”

“Very good! We shall begin!”

Under the leadership of General Shi, the militia left the barracks in an orderly manner. In four days’ time, the militia team had not only been fully recruited, but all of them had also been brought to the max level of 10. Ouyang Shuo had also gone out with them to train, and his level had also reached 14.

Just this morning, the soldiers who were responsible for monitoring the raider’s camp had relayed some information. Today, early in the morning, the two leaders of the raiders had taken twelve elite raiders and twenty ordinary raiders and led them out to go plundering. All of a sudden, the forces of the raider’s camp were cut in half. Faced with such a good opportunity, Ouyang Shuo naturally wasn’t going to let it go. Immediately, he called together the full militia, and went to the raider’s camp straightaway.

Of course, even with so many people gone, the raider’s camp was still comparable in strength to the militia team. In order to reduce his casualties, Ouyang Shuo knew that he would have to use some tactics. He planned to have San Gouzi lead a militia squad, pretending to be migrants, and lure some of the raiders out of the camp. The rest of the militia would wait in ambush by a small hill three kilometers from the camp.

Half an hour later, the militia reached the ambush site, quickly moving into position. Ouyang Shuo waved San Gouzi forwards, patted his shoulder, and said, “Don’t get close enough to be chased down by their cavalry! Remember, don’t get too close, they can see everyone who approaches within a thousand meters.”

San Gouzi was one of the fastest and most clever of the militia. At this time, not only was he not afraid, but was very excited. “Sire, rest assured. At being a bait, I am great at it, heh heh!”

Ouyang Shuo kicked him, smiled, and said, “Brat, see if you can do it, get out of here!”

San Gouzi gave him a big smile before setting off with the other nine disguised militia. They first had to make a big detour off to the side, and then pretend to be coming from the opposite direction so it looked they were coming out of the wild. Otherwise, it would be too easy to reveal their origins. The bandits could survive in the wilderness, and therefore they would not be suckered out easily. Planning for the attack while thinking the enemy leader was a fool, that would be really stupid.

Twenty minutes later, San Gouzi’s squad came within a thousand meters of the raider’s camp, and entered the field of vision of the sentry on duty. The sentry looked at the small group of displaced people, and did not think much of it. He quickly went down to report that there was a line of ten small fat sheep that had walked into their hands, not far from the camp.

The camp’s great leader was busy enjoying a woman, and hearing that it was only ten people, he impatiently snapped, “Go away. This is not worth my time. Tell Zhao Liu to go deal with them.”

That Zhao Liu was an elite raider, and after receiving the order, looked very excited. He led four other raiders on horseback and they rode out of the camp.

San Gouzi was clever, getting just within range of the raider’s camp before stopping a thousand meters out. Pretending to recognize what the camp really was, with panicked looks, the whole squad turned and ran.

Zhao Liu, seeing the frightened appearance of the small mob, laughed. Not only did he not race to catch up quickly, but he slowed down, unhurriedly catching up to San Gouzi. He was ready to play a game of cat and mouse,

and get his fun out of this group of fragile victims.

Soon enough, the two groups of people became visible to Ouyang Shuo. He could see the joking expression on Zhao Liu’s face, and thought to himself, You bastard who thinks he controls life and death, you will pay for your arrogance with your blood.

When the raiders were a hundred meters from the hillside, the militia rushed out of hiding as they sprang their ambush. Everyone was in a unified formation, both hands on their javelins as they rushed together and threw it to the raiders.

General Shi was standing off to the side, bow and arrow in his hand, Shou! General Shi’s arrow shot Zhao Liu down off his horse. The raiders had no time to react before they were pierced by the militia’s 40 javelins like hedgehogs.

With their first battle victory naturally came a surge of morale. Ouyang Shuo arranged Lin Yi to take some people and clean up the booty, and make sure all of the raiders were dead.

Because everyone used their javelins directly against the raiders, only one of the five horses was wounded. In addition to the horses, the most useful loot were the five bows. Ouyang Shuo took a look at their stats.



Name: Ordinary Horse (black iron level)

Weight: 50 kg

Speed: 30 km / day

Consumption: 3 units of grain / day

Evaluation: This barely qualifies as a warhorse.

-------

Name: Ordinary Wooden Bow (black iron level)

Length: 1.2 meters

Range: 150 meters

Evaluation: A single stave shortbow made of Manchurian Ash Wood, with deer tendons for a bow string. Don’t hope for a lot of power out of it.



Ouyang Shuo immediately arranged for the five horses to be brought back to the village by two militiamen. The five bows were quickly passed to the five sergeants. Unfortunately, except for Lin Yi and Zhang Daniu, who both knew basic archery, none of the others had ever touched a bow before.

Quickly cleaning up the battlefield, Shuo’s force did not dawdle and immediately went straight to the base camp. Ouyang Shuo took full advantage of the fact that the camp did not have time to react before their attack arrived. With his timing, the balance of strength had been tilted. There had been twenty elite raiders. Twelve had left, five had already died, what were left in the camp had at most 3 elite raiders, they would not cause much concerns anymore.

Before the fight, Ouyang Shuo quietly told General Shi to let Lin Yi deal with the raider camp leader after the fighting started. General’s Shi’s main duty was to use his bow and kill any surviving elites, then cover the militia during the fight, to cut down on the number of casualties.

Three hundred meters from the camp, General Shi, riding on his horse, took his bow and directly shot down the two sentries. Taking the opportunity, Ouyang Shuo ordered the larger force to move forward quickly, rushing into the raider’s camp. Finding outsiders rushing into their camp before they could gather together, the people inside immediately panicked.

General Shi rushed to the front, simply a humanoid killing machine, no one could oppose him. Stimulated by his example, the morale of the militia reached a peak. With General Shi leading them, they had no fear of the ordinary bandits. In contrast, reeling under the sudden attack on their camp and General’s Shi’s unstoppable aura, the bandits’ morale plummeted.

At that point, the bandit lieutenant finally got his armor on, and carrying a big axe, rushed out into the fighting. Lin Yi took one look at him, without further orders from Ouyang Shuo, directly charged up to the raider and engaged him.

The two were fairly evenly matched, but one had an axe, and the other was dancing with a spear. It was the old saying, an inch of reach is an inch closer to death. Seeing the two fighting, it was obvious to see what the ending would be. In less than twenty rounds, Lin Yi seized on a flaw in the other’s form, and as fast as lightning pierced the big raider through the center of his chest.

Seeing their leader slain by Lin Yi, the other bandits tried to break off from the fighting, scatter, and flee. Unfortunately, the camp was not large, and there was nowhere to run. The sergeants along with their squads hunted them down one by one and killed them. As for the three elite raiders, they had long been killed by General Shi.

The fighting started quickly and ended quickly. After the battle, the militia team had two seriously injured, and 12 slightly injured. Fortunately, no one had died. The two who were seriously injured, even if healed, could probably never fight on the battlefield again. Ouyang Shuo could only reluctantly arrange for them to retire. The twelve who had minor injuries, after applying some metal-laceration medicine, and a few days of rest, they would be fine.

Through the destruction of the raider’s camp, Ouyang Shuo’s level rose like a rocket

rocket directly to 18. He took the opportunity to look at his own stats.



Name: Qiyue Wuyi

Title: Celebrity (Good impression on historical figures +10%)

Territory: Shanhai Village

Merit: 1300/1600

Title: Third Viscount

Occupation: Officer (part-time)

Level: 18 (652100/723860)

Reputation: Well known (1200/10000)

Body Structure: 18

Comprehension: 20

Luck: 5

Charm: 8

Command: 26

Force: 8

Intelligence: 8

Political: 26

Talent: Locked

Technique: None

Skills: Intermediate Collection, Basic Shipbuilding, Basic Diplomacy, Basic Assessment, Basic Weapons Proficiency, Basic Riding, Basic Marksmanship, Basic Archery

Mount: Poor Horse (bronze)

Equipment: Poor Iron Spear(bronze), Ring of Courage (black iron level)



While Shao was looking at his stats, General Shi directed the clean-up of the battlefield. In the game, NPC’s would not resurrect, and their bodies would not stick around very long.

Usually when an NPC died, their body would stay around an hour or so. During this time period, if someone were to take care of the corpse, they could be buried in a cemetery. Otherwise, their fate would be the same as these bodies, eventually turning all white and disappearing. This reflected a user-friendly design in the game. Otherwise, with thousands of the slain after a war in the late game, it would be pretty gory.

With the capture of the raider’s camp, the amount of plunder seized was plentiful, but he didn’t have the statistics at the moment. The other thing in the camp was the number of women and children, who Ouyang Shuo prepared to bring back to his village. There were 32 women and 3 children, total number of 35.

These women and children were basically kidnapped by the raiders and taken to serve them. These people could not only quickly supplement his territory’s population, but also improve the structure of the population to a certain extent.

In the early days of the system, most of the incoming immigrants were men. The system logically ruled that for the migrants, naturally the more powerful adult men would be able to survive more easily. Most of the elderly, weak women, and children could not survive the wilderness.

As for bringing these women back to the village, it wasn’t to force them to marry and have children. Ouyang Shuo was not going to intervene in such matters, everything would be determined by the villagers themselves. As a lord, what he could do was ensure that they were not discriminated against in his lands, while also making sure of their personal safety and freedom.

=======



Chapter 22 - The Fate of the Raider Camp



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: RED





By 11 AM in the morning, they’d finished clearing the entire battlefield.

The raider’s weapons and equipment were all collected, including the horses in the stables, the material stored in warehouses, and even various personal possessions in the dwellings were plundered clean.

Shuo really did need the money, he had 10 silver coins left only because Lin Yi hadn’t needed to use the barracks to class change. Encountering such a nice bit of plunder gave free rein to his miserly nature. Even if he had to dig three feet down into the soil, he wasn’t going to let a copper coin get away!

Shuo first called over Lin Yi and Zhang Daniu, telling them to take their men, the wounded, and the women, children, and goods they’d seized and escort them back to Shanhai Village. The wounded were to be handed over to Dr. Song for treatment, and the women and children placed under the guidance of clerk Gu Xiuwen. As for the resources, they would first go to Secretary of Material Reserves Cui Yingyu for a detailed breakdown, which he could look into after he returned.

After they departed with the goods and prisoners, Shuo immediately took the rest of the men back to the Raider Camp. Shuo had definitely not forgotten that a group of raiders had gone out and not returned yet. Without making a clean sweep, how could he be assured of eliminating the problem they poised?

Shuo made some quick calculations. In addition to himself and General Shi, there were 36 militia left behind. Given the size of the remaining raider force, there might be some difficulties.

That group of bandits had 12 elites! He would have to use some schemes. Oh, wrong choice of words, it was time to use some wisdom and tactics!

Shuo told the militia team to quickly take advantage of the the time they had and restore the camp to its original appearance. He was perfectly ready to give the returning raiders a feeling

a feeling of safety, just before he used an urn to catch a turtle, trapping the bandits in their own camp.



*************************************************

They had to wait until 6 PM, the usual time the bandits returned. His people had to stay in a tight group near the main gate and camp square; they had set their trap, and were getting more impatient as time passed. The gang of raiders finally returned, not only with their own numbers, but with a dozen kidnapped women herded in the center of their group. It seemed they had once again found and washed another unfortunate village with blood.

The gang of raiders rode right into the camp before they finally realized that something wasn't right. They hadn’t seen the sentries, and the camp was way too quiet. They finally figured out something was wrong, but even if they wanted to leave, it wasn’t that easy. They were unwilling to just run, they had to at least figure out what happened here. Moreover, their money and personal belongings were hidden in the camp!

The fools rushed in. Relying on their strength and tactics they had used in the past, the bandits drew their blades and moved into the camp, gathered together into formations, moving slowly forwards.

After entering, the raider’s second leader was also alert, trying to keep everyone together. Unfortunately for them, Shuo had cleaned the camp well, and on the surface, they didn’t find anything strange. Not believing it, he told his men to dismount, spread out, look around and see if they could find any clues.

And with that decision, the nightmare of the raiders began. Having lost the advantage of both horses and archery, they were picked off one by one. The militia stayed in their fighting units, surrounding smaller groups and eliminating them quickly. The raider’s leader was left for General Shi and Lin Yi to deal with, and naturally the general once again became a source of dread for the raiders .

Compared to the battle in the morning, this one had no suspense at all. In less than half an hour, all thirty-three bandits were eliminated. After the blood and fire of the morning’s fight, the militia had been exposed to the battlefield and adjusted mentally, becoming much more experienced in their mindset. In the battle, only four people were injured, none of those were serious injuries, and there were zero casualties. Shuo’s level also directly rose to 20.

Because it was already late, Shuo told his men to quickly sweep the battlefield. He himself came to the center of the camp, its Hall of Brotherhood. In the hall, a stone had risen from the ground. Shuo stepped forward and put his hand on the stone, system prompts began to sound.

“System Notification: Congratulations to player Qiyue Wiyu for destroying a Basic Raider Camp! Please choose what you would like to do with the camp; Acquire it, Transfer it, or Destroy it?”

“I choose to destroy it!” Transfering it was impossible at this point, and there was no value in possessing it right now given his plans for his territory, so the only choice left was to destroy it.

“System Notification: Player Qiyue Wiyu has destroyed the Basic Raider Camp, randomly gaining access to 20% of camp’s building blueprints, and access to 20% of the camp’s building resources.”

“System Notification: Congratulations to player Qiyue Wuyi for gaining Stables building blueprints, Martial Arts Dojo building blueprints, 200 units of wood, and 80 units of stone.”

“System Notification: Congratulations to player Qiyue Wuyi for destroying a Basic Raider Camp. Special reward of 100 merit points and 200 reputation points!”

A white light swirled across the screen in a flash, and the whole camp disappeared. At the same time, the two building plans had appeared in his storage bag, while on the ground where the clubhouse used to be was now a pile of stacked wood and stones.

The sweep of the battlefield was much simpler than earlier, they only needed to salvage the raiders armor, weapons, and the twelve horses. Oh, and eleven women. Such a great thing, the raiders camp had actually contributed 46 people to Shanhai’s population, the equivalent of three days of immigrants!

As for the pile of wood and stone, at this moment Shuo had no resources for specialized storage of large equipment. He could only wait for tomorrow, and send people from the Material Reserves Division to arrange transporting it all back to Shanhai.

By the time they walked back to Shanhai with all their loot, it was already 8 PM. The villagers had spontaneously gathered to meet them, waiting for the return of the raider-slaying heroes.

“Hey, I heard that the lord directly destroyed those thieving raiders’ camp, he is magnificent!”

“I remember that the raiders used to loot our village, and now the lord has killed them all, cutting them down like radishes!”

“Our militia team was great, they did not bring shame to our Shanhai Village, they fought well!”

“Right, I heard that their boss was stabbed to death by Lieutenant Lin Yi!”

“Your information is out

information is out of date! Both leaders were killed by the lieutenant!

Because the time was late, Shuo had everyone disperse early. The militia handed their loads over to Material Reserves Division and was asked to return to the barracks. The eleven women were to be dealt with by Gu Xiuwen. Shuo didn’t stay for long either, he had some quick conversations with Cui Yingyu and Gu Xiuwen before logging off.



*******************************

Logging in the next day, he was eager to see all the spoils. He summoned Yingyu and Xiuwen to his office, and had them report on yesterday’s rewards.

Yingyu was very pleased, smiling as she said, “Big brother, I have to say, we had quite the bumper harvest last night. My division had to work late last night to calculate all the data.” She paused, directly hanging a bit to whet Shuo’s appetite before proceeding. “According to our calculations, yesterday’s two battles tallied up money of 32 gold coins, 76 silver coins, and 25 copper. There were 3,540 units of grain, and three building blueprints - a hospital, a tailor shop, and a weapons workshop. In addition, there was a special item, a Basic Soldier Token.

“As for weapons and armor: There were 22 horses, of which 2 were exquisite quality, and the rest ordinary.

There were 30 bows, with 2 basic composite bows, and 28 short bows along with a thousand arrows. One suit of ordinary iron scale armor, two sets of ordinary studded leather armor, 20 sets of ordinary leather armor, and 27 sets of poor leather armor. Thirty swords, one fine iron sword, 10 ordinary iron swords, and 19 poor iron swords. Thirty spears, of which one is fine, 10 ordinary, and 19 poor. Also, there is an exquisite axe and an exquisite iron spear.”

Although mentally prepared for the report, after listening to Yingyu detail everything, Shuo still had the feeling that he had struck the lottery.

The game rules set poor quality as the lowest level of bronze equipment; ordinary equipment was black iron level; the ones with fine prefix was silver-class equipment. And exquisite class that was gold level equipment.

Gold class equipment would be the mainstream equipment in the future for a long period of time. Between it and the highest tiers of God Level equipment, in the middle was separated only by the dark gold and platinum levels.

He could not wait to see the properties of the equipments. And oh yes, there was a Soldier Token. He had a feeling that this Basic Symbol Token was the biggest trophy this time around.

Before he had much time to ponder, Gu Xiuwen began his report. “Sire, I have some good news here.”

“What good news, don’t tell me, there were some special talents among the women from yesterday, right?” Shuo jokingly said.

His moment spoiled, Xiuwen made a face. “Sire’s guess is quite accurate! Yes, out of the two groups from yesterday, there are two special talents. In the morning batch there was an advanced chef, called Gu Sanniang, who cooked for the raiders. And there was one eighteen year old advanced tailor, called Mu Qingsi.”

That was another blockbuster, Shuo was almost happy enough to faint. An eighteen year old advanced tailor? This, this was just a wicked talent. With this kind of talent, coupled with Shanhai’s characteristics, promoting her to Master was just a matter of time. It was very possible she’d even reach the higher levels of the Grandmaster class, hehe!

“I would like to let them live in the Lord’s Manor for now. There is an empty room in the West Wing, have them live there. Let me deal with this batch of resources, then I will pay them a visit.” For such advanced talents, Shuo would more than happy to extend his hospitality and a level of courtesy!

“Noted!” Xiuwen nodded agreement.

“When Xiuwen is in charge of things, I am always rest assured!” Shuo turned to Yingyu, smiled, and said, “Yingyu, bring me to see our loot, I can wait no longer!”

The grain from the batch of resources had already been deposited into the granary, and Shuo had no interest in seeing it. The money, drawings, and various small objects were waiting on tables in the room, Shuo directly put them into his storage bag. The weapons and equipment were heaped up in the courtyard, the horses tied up in the square in front of his house.

Of the weapons and armor, Shuo took a composite bow, a fine iron sword, and that exquisite iron spear. The rest of the weapons and armor he was ready to award for meritorious service to the militia members.

Er Wazi was squatting at the edge of the courtyard, curious to see everything, touching this, touching that. Shuo knocked on his head, smiled, and said, “You are going to the barracks. Tell General Shi that I said for him to arrange people to take away the weapons and armor from here.”

Er Wazi smiled and trotted away, heading straight for the barracks.



* * *





Chapter 22




Chapter 22

Chapter 22 - The Fate of the Raider Camp



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: RED





By 11 AM in the morning, they’d finished clearing the entire battlefield.

The raider’s weapons and equipment were all collected, including the horses in the stables, the material stored in warehouses, and even various personal possessions in the dwellings were plundered clean.

Shuo really did need the money, he had 10 silver coins left only because Lin Yi hadn’t needed to use the barracks to class change. Encountering such a nice bit of plunder gave free rein to his miserly nature. Even if he had to dig three feet down into the soil, he wasn’t going to let a copper coin get away!

Shuo first called over Lin Yi and Zhang Daniu, telling them to take their men, the wounded, and the women, children, and goods they’d seized and escort them back to Shanhai Village. The wounded were to be handed over to Dr. Song for treatment, and the women and children placed under the guidance of clerk Gu Xiuwen. As for the resources, they would first go to Secretary of Material Reserves Cui Yingyu for a detailed breakdown, which he could look into after he returned.

After they departed with the goods and prisoners, Shuo immediately took the rest of the men back to the Raider Camp. Shuo had definitely not forgotten that a group of raiders had gone out and not returned yet. Without making a clean sweep, how could he be assured of eliminating the problem they poised?

Shuo made some quick calculations. In addition to himself and General Shi, there were 36 militia left behind. Given the size of the remaining raider force, there might be some difficulties.

That group of bandits had 12 elites! He would have to use some schemes. Oh, wrong choice of words, it was time to use some wisdom and tactics!

Shuo told the militia team to quickly take advantage of the the time they had and restore the camp to its original appearance. He was perfectly ready to give the returning raiders a feeling of safety, just before he used an urn to catch a turtle, trapping the bandits in their own camp.



*************************************************

They had to wait until 6 PM, the usual time the bandits returned. His people had to stay in a tight group near the main gate and camp square; they had set their trap, and were getting more impatient as time passed. The gang of raiders finally returned, not only with their own numbers, but with a dozen kidnapped women herded in the center of their group. It seemed they had once again found and washed another unfortunate village with blood.

The gang of raiders rode right into the camp before they finally realized that something wasn't right. They hadn’t seen the sentries, and the camp was way too quiet. They finally figured out something was wrong, but even if they wanted to leave, it wasn’t that easy. They were unwilling to just run, they had to at least figure out what happened here. Moreover, their money and personal belongings were hidden in the camp!

The fools rushed in. Relying on their strength and tactics they had used in the past, the bandits drew their blades and moved into the camp, gathered together into formations, moving slowly forwards.

After entering, the raider’s second leader was also alert, trying to keep everyone together. Unfortunately for them, Shuo had cleaned the camp well, and on the surface, they didn’t find anything strange. Not believing it, he told his men to dismount, spread out, look around and see if they could find any clues.

And with that decision, the nightmare of the raiders began. Having lost the advantage of both horses and archery, they were picked off one by one. The militia stayed in their fighting units, surrounding smaller groups and eliminating them quickly. The raider&rsquo

;s leader was left for General Shi and Lin Yi to deal with, and naturally the general once again became a source of dread for the raiders .

Compared to the battle in the morning, this one had no suspense at all. In less than half an hour, all thirty-three bandits were eliminated. After the blood and fire of the morning’s fight, the militia had been exposed to the battlefield and adjusted mentally, becoming much more experienced in their mindset. In the battle, only four people were injured, none of those were serious injuries, and there were zero casualties. Shuo’s level also directly rose to 20.

Because it was already late, Shuo told his men to quickly sweep the battlefield. He himself came to the center of the camp, its Hall of Brotherhood. In the hall, a stone had risen from the ground. Shuo stepped forward and put his hand on the stone, system prompts began to sound.

“System Notification: Congratulations to player Qiyue Wiyu for destroying a Basic Raider Camp! Please choose what you would like to do with the camp; Acquire it, Transfer it, or Destroy it?”

“I choose to destroy it!” Transfering it was impossible at this point, and there was no value in possessing it right now given his plans for his territory, so the only choice left was to destroy it.

“System Notification: Player Qiyue Wiyu has destroyed the Basic Raider Camp, randomly gaining access to 20% of camp’s building blueprints, and access to 20% of the camp’s building resources.”

“System Notification: Congratulations to player Qiyue Wuyi for gaining Stables building blueprints, Martial Arts Dojo building blueprints, 200 units of wood, and 80 units of stone.”

“System Notification: Congratulations to player Qiyue Wuyi for destroying a Basic Raider Camp. Special reward of 100 merit points and 200 reputation points!”

A white light swirled across the screen in a flash, and the whole camp disappeared. At the same time, the two building plans had appeared in his storage bag, while on the ground where the clubhouse used to be was now a pile of stacked wood and stones.

The sweep of the battlefield was much simpler than earlier, they only needed to salvage the raiders armor, weapons, and the twelve horses. Oh, and eleven women. Such a great thing, the raiders camp had actually contributed 46 people to Shanhai’s population, the equivalent of three days of immigrants!

As for the pile of wood and stone, at this moment Shuo had no resources for specialized storage of large equipment. He could only wait for tomorrow, and send people from the Material Reserves Division to arrange transporting it all back to Shanhai.

By the time they walked back to Shanhai with all their loot, it was already 8 PM. The villagers had spontaneously gathered to meet them, waiting for the return of the raider-slaying heroes.

“Hey, I heard that the lord directly destroyed those thieving raiders’ camp, he is magnificent!”

“I remember that the raiders used to loot our village, and now the lord has killed them all, cutting them down like radishes!”

“Our militia team was great, they did not bring shame to our Shanhai Village, they fought well!”

“Right, I heard that their boss was stabbed to death by Lieutenant Lin Yi!”

“Your information is out of date! Both leaders were killed by the lieutenant!

Because the time was late, Shuo had everyone disperse early. The militia handed their loads over to Material Reserves Division and was asked to return to the barracks. The eleven women were to be dealt with by Gu Xiuwen. Shuo didn’t stay for long either, he had some quick conversations with Cui Yingyu and Gu Xiuwen before logging off.



*******************************

Logging in the next day, he was eager to see all the spoils. He summoned Yingyu and Xiuwen to his office, and had them report on yesterday’s rewards.

Yingyu was very pleased, smiling as she said, “Big brother, I have to say, we had quite the bumper harvest last night. My division had to work late last night to calculate all the data.” She paused, directly hanging a bit to whet Shuo’s appetite before proceeding. “According to our calculations, yesterday’s two battles tallied up money of 32 gold coins, 76 silver coins, and 25 copper. There were 3,540 units of grain, and three building blueprints - a hospital, a tailor shop, and a weapons workshop. In addition, there was a special item, a Basic Soldier Token.

“As for weapons and armor: There were 22 horses, of which 2 were exquisite quality, and the rest ordinary.

There were 30 bows, with 2 basic composite bows, and 28 short bows along with a thousand arrows. One suit of ordinary iron scale armor, two sets of ordinary studded leather armor, 20 sets of ordinary leather armor, and 27 sets of poor leather armor. Thirty swords, one fine iron sword, 10 ordinary iron swords, and 19 poor iron swords. Thirty spears, of which one is fine, 10 ordinary, and 19 poor. Also, there is an exquisite axe and an exquisite iron spear.”

Although mentally prepared for the report, after listening to Yingyu detail everything, Shuo still had the feeling that he had struck the lottery.

The game rules set poor quality as the lowest level of bronze equipment; ordinary equipment was black iron level; the ones with fine prefix was silver-class equipment. And exquisite class that was gold level equipment.

Gold class equipment would be the mainstream equipment in the future for a long period of time. Between it and the highest tiers of God Level equipment, in the middle was separated only by the dark gold and platinum levels.

He could not wait to see the properties of the equipments. And oh yes, there was a Soldier Token. He had a feeling that this Basic Symbol Token was the biggest trophy this time around.

Before he had much time to ponder, Gu Xiuwen began his report. “Sire, I have some good news here.”

“What good news, don’t tell me, there were some special talents among the women from yesterday, right?” Shuo jokingly said.

His moment spoiled, Xiuwen made a face. “Sire’s guess is quite accurate! Yes, out of the two groups from yesterday, there are two special talents. In the morning batch there was an advanced chef, called Gu Sanniang, who cooked for the raiders. And there was one eighteen year old advanced tailor, called Mu Qingsi.”

That was another blockbuster, Shuo was almost happy enough to faint. An eighteen year old advanced tailor? This, this was just a wicked talent. With this kind of talent, coupled with Shanhai’s characteristics, promoting her to Master was just a matter of time. It was very possible she’d even reach the higher levels of the Grandmaster class, hehe!

“I would like to let them live in the Lord’s Manor for now. There is an empty room in the West Wing, have them live there. Let me deal with this batch of resources, then I will pay them a visit.” For such advanced talents, Shuo would more than happy to extend his hospitality and a level of courtesy!

“Noted!” Xiuwen nodded agreement.

“When Xiuwen is in charge of things, I am always rest assured!” Shuo turned to Yingyu, smiled, and said, “Yingyu, bring me to see our loot, I can wait no longer!”

The grain from the batch of resources had already been deposited into the granary, and Shuo had no interest in seeing it. The money, drawings, and various small objects were waiting on tables in the room, Shuo directly put them into his storage bag. The weapons and equipment were heaped up in the courtyard, the horses tied up in the square in front of his house.

Of the weapons and armor, Shuo took a composite bow, a fine iron sword, and that exquisite iron spear. The rest of the weapons and armor he was ready to award for meritorious service to the militia members.

Er Wazi was squatting at the edge of the courtyard, curious to see everything, touching this, touching that. Shuo knocked on his head, smiled, and said, “You are going to the barracks. Tell General Shi that I said for him to arrange people to take away the weapons and armor from here.”

Er Wazi smiled and trotted away, heading straight for the barracks.



* * *





Chapter 23




Chapter 23-24

Chapter 23 - Crossbowmen

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: RED

Taking advantage of the time, Ouyang Shuo took out his three new pieces of equipment and took a look at their stats.



Name: Basic Composite Bow (black iron grade)

Length: 1.4 meters

Range: 200 meters

Evaluation: A composite bow. It uses tough black birch for the inner layer and larch pine for the outer, two layers of wood bound using deer or cattle tendons. Fine fish glue is used to firmly stick them together, and the bowstring is made from deer skin.

----

Name: Fine Iron Sword (silver grade)

Hardness: 15

Toughness: 20

Evaluation: Extremely fine steel, repeatedly forged for a sharp blade with good toughness

-----

Name: Exquisite Iron Spear (gold)

Hardness: 30

Toughness: 45

Evaluation: Spear forged from high quality iron barbed wood, the spearhead has been forged repeatedly with exquisite workmanship.



Ouyang Shuo nodded in satisfaction, this was a real change of equipment from a rookie to a pro. He hung the iron sword at his waist, the bow and spear he would keep in his room. He wasn't a full time warrior, so he only needed those two weapons when combat was imminent, or when practicing.

In the front of the square, 22 horses were lined up in a row. The most striking of them were the leftmost pair, a black and white set, looking quite exceptional.

Ouyang Shuo took an immediate fancy to the black horse. It had a beautiful black mane, vigorous posture, and was exceptionally handsome.



Name: Exquisite War Horse (gold)

Weight: 60 kg

Speed: 40 km/day

Consumption: 3 grain /day

Evaluation: This is a high quality horse from the northern grasslands, easily able to endure a battlefield.



Ouyang Shuo said admiringly, "Really a good horse, I will call you Black Tornado!"

The horse seemed to be able to understand human nature, and as if it understood his words, nodded its head. This made Ouyang Shuo desire it even more, and he brought it away to his yard. Just yesterday he had received the building blueprints for the stables, and now he was prepared to build a small stable just for Black Tornado in the yard of his manor.

In less than ten minutes, Er Wazi had led General Shi back with a full group of thirty men. As he walked into the yard, the roaring voice of General Shi proclaimed, "Hah, my lord, I hear that you are ready to reward the weapons and armor to your men?!"

"That's right. This time, for destroying the raider camp, we definitely should reward the militia team for meritorious services!" Ouyang Shuo answered, pointing to the heap of weapons and armor in the courtyard. "Have your men bring the equipment to the barracks, as well as all the remaining horses. Also, we need to call a general assembly of the troops to reward them for their great deeds!"

"Haha, this is a good idea!" General Shi called out, promptly ordering the militia with him to gather up the weapons and armor. In addition, a dozen were ordered to lead away the horses.

Everyone walked back to the barracks. Ouyang Shuo waited until all the troops were assembled on the training field before beginning the merit awards. "Lin Yi, come forward!"

"Here!" the young officer answered, looking very excited.

"During the battle of the raider camp, officer Lin Yi beheaded the enemy leader, performing great merits!" Ouyang Shuo paused for emphasis. "As thanks for your efforts, you are awarded an exquisite horse, a basic composite bow, and an ordinary iron scale armor as a reward!"

"Thank you for the rewards, my lord!"

With Ouyang Shuo giving a horse, bow, and metal armor to Linyi, the rest of the militia all looked at him enviously. Lin Yi already had a fine iron spear and excellent knife; coupled with these new awards, he was basically now fully equipped as an officer!

"San Gouzi, come forward!"

"Sir!"

"During the battle of the raider camp, Sergeant San Gouzi effectively lured the enemy into an ambush and was brave in combat during the following battles! With our thanks, you are rewarded an ordinary horse, an ordinary wooden bow, an ordinary set of studded leather armor, and a fine iron spear!"

"Thank you for the reward, my lord!"

"Zhang Daniu, come forward!"

"Sir!"

"During the battle of the bandit camp, Sergeant Daniu fought bravely and with great power! With our thanks, you are awarded an ordinary horse, an ordinary composite bow, an ordinary set of studded leather armor, and an exquisite axe!"

There was a bit of a contrast here, as Daniu's reward was slightly better than San Gouzi's. But San

Gouzi was an agile soldier, and spears were more suitable for him. Da Niu was more of a strength soldier, more suited for using an axe.

"Zhao Sihu, Li Mingliang, come forward!"

"Sir!"

"During the bandit camp fight, Zhao Sihu and Li Mingliang proved themselves to be brave and effective fighters! You are each awarded a set of ordinary armor!"

"Thanks to the lord for his reward!" the two men called out eagerly.

These two men had been in the second group to join the militia. After this battle, they had come up from behind, heading up the fourth and fifth squad as sergeants. General Shi had been comfortable with them moving up into command positions, and had already recommended them to Ouyang Shuo before they became sergeants.

In order to assuage the mood of the old militia, Ouyang Shuo had decided to temporarily shelve the promotion of the two as sergeants until he saw how well they did against the bandits.

Sure enough, the two did not let him down. In the battle of the raider camp, their performances were quite prominent. Ouyang Shuo was thus very supportive of their promotions to sergeant status.

After handing out the main rewards for combat merits, Ouyang Shuo didn't reward the ordinary soldiers. He left the duty of handing out rewards to these men to General Shi, to keep up his prestige. General Shi had no problems taking over this duty.

Ouyang Shuo cleared his throat and proclaimed, "The following people, come up to General Shi to receive your rewards when your name is called, everyone give General Shi a round of applause!"

The soldiers applauded immediately and warmly. General Shi began to call out names from the platform, giving awards to soldiers one by one based on their performances.

Taking advantage of this gap, Ouyang Shuo removed the Basic Soldier Token from his storage bag, and assessed its properties.

[Crossbowmen Token] (Basic): 100 fully trained militia may be directly transformed into crossbow cavalry.



This was really powerful. Ouyang Shuo was clearer than anyone on the value of this Soldier Token. First of all, this was an upgrade that did not require the Intermediate Barracks; it directly transformed militia into soldiers, saving a lot of upgrade costs. Transforming a militiaman into a soldier was a full gold coin, ten times the cost of turning farmers into militia.

Secondly, the militia were turned into 1st rank soldiers. There were only three kinds of soldiers: infantry, cavalry, and navy. In other words, the first choice of a soldier type was from the large categories. After that, they would be categorised further and in more detail as to which section they would serve in the military, depending on the skills that were taught to them and the equipments they were given.

For example, infantry, if their commander was a master of the sword, then you could give them swords and shields, and slowly train them to become sword-shield infantry soldiers.

This token used directly affected what subdivision you moved your soldiers into. The token in Ouyang Shuo's hands could directly transformed them into cavalry soldiers who could also use crossbows!

Waiting until General Shi was done with the awards, Ouyang Shuo stepped up again on the high platform, looking around at the assembled soldiers. "When we destroyed the raider camp, you all did not let me down, and you did not disappoint the villagers in Shanhai. The page of history has turned. I do not want you to immersed in past glories. We are soldiers, and fighting is our duty. Today, we exterminated a raider camp. Tomorrow, there will be more powerful enemies, waiting in front of us.

"As a warrior, all we can do is train hard, harder, and even harder! So that in every battle, we can go forth with courage and kill the enemy without fear! Now, there is a new opportunity before you." Ouyang Shuo raised the token symbol up before the soldiers. "This is a Crossbow Cavalry Token for soldiers, the most valuable spoils of our battle! I will be using this to change your jobs, and hopefully everyone will take advantage of this rare chance to train hard, for soon there will be a bigger challenge awaiting us! Are you ready?!"

"Then everyone, go into the class change chamber of the Barracks, line up, and we will begin the process!" Ouyang Shuo got down from the raised platform, stepping to the door of the class change chamber. He laid his hands upon the door, and the symbol token in his hands lit up.

"System Notification: Detecting the Crossbow Cavalry Soldier Symbol, use

use now?"

"Yes!"

There was a flash of white light and hum as the Soldier Symbol vanished from his hands.

"System Notification: Congratulations to player Qiyue Wuyi for successful use of the Crossbow Cavalry Soldier Symbol! The transformation room has been updated to increase its power to include Crossbow Cavalry Soldiers as an option, until 100 transformations have been completed!

"Should the transformations be started immediately?"

"Yes!"

"System Notification: Please select the number of transformations!"

"47 people!" Ouyang Shuo had arranged for the seriously wounded militia to retire, so there were only 47 people to transform. Once he rose to Third Village, he could do a one-time makeup to round out the numbers.

"System Notification: The number of transformations has been selected, use of the transforming chamber has begun. Transformations remaining: 53 people."

In addition to Lin Yi, the rest of the militia teams began to go in one by one into the transforming room. When the first one came out, Ouyang Shuo naturally had to look at his stats.



Name: Zhang Daniu

Identity: Cavalry Crossbow Soldier Sergeant.

Occupation: Crossbow Cavalry

Level: 1st Grade

Combat Power: 20 points (Attack/defense comprehensive index, crossbow cavalry gain +5 points)

Consumption: 5 units of food/day

Skills: Basic Archery and Basic Riding.

Equipment: Ordinary Horse, Basic Composite Bow, Ordinary Crossbow, Basic Iron Sword, Basic Javelin, Basic Armor, Basic Wooden Shield.

Evaluation: Able to ride to increase their movement, and equipped with a crossbow and bow to supplement their arms. Well equipped, able to scout, raid, and use archery.



Normally, the combat power of a max level militiaman was 11. When transformed into 1st order soldiers, this was directly increased to 15. With the excellent weapons and skills of the crossbow cavalry, they directly earned an additional 5 points of combat power.

This was a great enhancement to their fighting ability, a large part of it because of their black iron equipment level. Such a band of 1st grade crossbow cavalry was comparable in power to the highest level player, Blood Romance of Blood Evil mercenary group.

Even with seizing so much equipment from the raiders, most of it wasn't of the same level as the gear of the crossbow cavalry. This showed just how precious the Symbol Token was!

Chapter 24 - Girl Talk

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: RED

After completing the class changes, Ouyang Shuo left the barracks. He was not going to intervene on the matters of the daily training of the mounted crossbowmen, territorial patrols, and those stationed at the northern salt fields.

The military was in the experienced hands of General Shi, and with a tenacious lieutenant like Lin Yi, as well as the increasingly mature and skilled sergeants, he was confident of them. He wanted to give them power and let them be tested so as to grow quicker.

Of course, the core duties of appointing and removing personnel, he wasn't quite going to let go. That was the core element of his influence on the army. If he was really hands-off, it would be hard to say if the soldiers would even recognize his authority as their lord after some time.

This was part of the charm of the game. NPCs were more than just stiff bundles of data, they had their own feelings. The more advanced the NPC, the higher their intelligence.

Take General Shi. As a emperor-level historical figure, his experience and awareness was even higher than a player like Ouyang Shuo. Although General Shi would never violate his orders because of the system rules and his historical background, but if Ouyang Shuo's actions were too absurd, he would not be able to convince the general to do his best for him!

Thus, their Loyalty stat was not just a simple summary of everything. Although in principle they would not betray Shuo, but there were possibilities they would fight over authority or slack and neglect their duties.

In turn, because of this, Lords could use the full force of the system to exercise their authority and to train their decision making skills. After all, the cost of making mistakes in the game was still much less than in reality.

Outside the barracks, Ouyang Shuo pondered what to do next. Everything in the territory seemed to be proceeding in an orderly manner, progress towards the grade 3 village was slowly moving forward. Just a little while ago, he was troubled by his

by his financial problems, but the destruction of the raider camp seemed to have completely resolved this.

Thinking of that point, it reminded him that he still had building blueprints in his storage bag. There were 5 building blueprints in his storage bag, namely the stables, the dojo, the hospital, the tailor shop, and the weapon workshop.

Among them, the stables and weapon workshop were required for grade 3 villages. Ouyang Shuo looked at the construction requirements, and found out that unfortunately, right now they could only build some stables.



Stables: Place where horses are kept.Requirements: Stables building plans, 200 wood, 50 stone.Build time: One day.

------

Weapon Workshop: A comprehensively equipped weapons and armor manufacturing facility, you can build ordinary weapons and armor.Requirements: Advanced Blacksmith, Weapons Workshop building plans, 400 wood, 200 stone. Build time: 2 days.



The weapon shop required a high-level smithy, Shanhai currently didn't have one. His only blacksmith, Li Tiezhu, was promoted to intermediate blacksmith just a little while ago, and it was difficult to upgrade to an advanced blacksmith in a short time. Fortunately, there was still time, and Ouyang Shuo could still hope to directly get a randomly generated advanced blacksmith.

As for 2nd grade village buildings, Ouyang Shuo still lacked the Ancestral Hall and the Private School. Now that he had money, Ouyang Shuo headed directly to the Basic Market, spending 10 gold coins to buy both sets of building blueprints. In this way, he could start building all the required infrastructure for a 2nd grade village, even though he still needed a Scholar for the school.

During the previous five days, the Construction Division had completed the arrow towers, the primary mining sites, and 15 small courtyard homes.

Heading back to the Lord's Manor and administrative office within, Ouyang Shuo ran into Deputy Director Zhao Dewang. He directly handed him all the building blueprints, and told him to get all five buildings built as soon as possible. In addition, he did not forget to specifically ask him to get a stable built for Black Tornado next to his own courtyard.

In the afternoon, Ouyang Shuo visited the two seriously injured militiamen. After being treated by Dr. Song, they were both out of any danger.

The first one was a 20 years-old young man, called Song Yi. In the fight, 2 fingers of his left hand were cut off, meaning he'd be maimed for life. Seeing Ouyang Shuo visiting him, the little fellow could not hold back, and cried like a child.

The other man was about thirty, called Li Tie, and his right eye had been shot out completely by an arrow, blinding him.

This was a true man, when Ouyang Shuo were seeing him. His emotions had already stabilized, and he was still able to talk and laugh. Semi-serious, half-joking, he said, "Sire, I, Li Tie, may only have one eye, but I am still able to kill the enemy."

Ouyang Shuo's heart was sour. "Well, I believe in you. However, you will not be on the front line. Soon, when Shanhai rises to the level of a town, I will be setting up a special security team for the territory at that time, and both you and Song Yi will be on it. For now, your task is to rest and take care of yourself until your injuries are good, do not stop your martial arts training. I do not want to take you into the security team if you cannot even catch a thief!"

Li Tie immediately exclaimed, "Sire, rest assured that I will never bring shame to you or to the militia team!"

"I believe you! Keep your spirits up, I will leave and let you recuperate. Remember my words, and ease your hearts! Your faith and good work I will remember, and at the right time, will give you enough to make up for what you have lost!"

"Thank you, sire, for your care." After Ouyang Shuo's appeasement, coupled with his promise, the hearts of the two were reassured and they had completely calmed down.

He headed back to the Manor, to see 2 women in the corridor to the west wing courtyard chatting.

"Sister Gu, we have come today as requested. The lord did not say how we were to be set, we don't even know what he looks like." The one speaking was a beautiful young woman in a dress. Although her clothing was made of ordinary linen, the workmanship was extremely delicate, and gave her an innocent air.

"Little girl! I heard that our sire is a handsome teen, do you have any thoughts about him?" The otherhim?" The other woman was a middle aged woman who wore very simple clothing, with little to no makeup.

The other woman was the target of this joke, and immediately frowned. "Sister is making fun of people. Although I am curious, you should know about repaying a debt. Sire rescued me from the bandits, I have nothing but gratitude for the Lord. I do not have any other thoughts."

"Do not say you do not know what it is like. Every day in the raider's camp was simply painful," the older of the two went on, clearly emotional. "However, I have heard things. The Material Reserves Division secretary, Lady Cui, was the same as us, living in the wilderness. The Lord took pity on her, and cherishes her talent. So, not only does the Lord take care of her, but entrusts her with tasks! Lady Cui not only lives up to the trust of the lord, but her Material Reserve Division is kind and has won everyone's respect."

"Sister Cui is not only so beautiful, but capable. I admire her greatly!" The younger woman was still a girl, and immediately latched onto Yingyu as a role model.

"Young girl, do not pretend that your talent in tailoring is anything small. Shanhai Village is outstanding, your future achievements must not be any less than Lady Cui's," the other said wisely.

At this moment, Ouyang Shuo was standing in front of the yard, rather embarrassed. From their conversation, he had guessed that the two in front of him should be the two that Gu Xiuwen told him about this morning, advanced chef Gu Sanniang and advanced tailor Mu Qingsi. Inadvertently listening to the two's private dialogue in his own home, he had not walked in yet.

"Ahem!" Ouyang Shuo deliberately coughed to let them know he was coming, before he entered the yard.

"Yes!" Turning to see Ouyang Shuo, Mu Qingsi's little face immediately flushed a little. It was the older one who spoke, uncertainly asking, "Has the Lord come back? I am Gu Sanniang, greeting my lord!"

"I am Lord Ouyang Shuo. I was busy with things earlier, and I have neglected the two of you. Please forgive me."

Gu Sanniang looked at Mu Qingsi and saw her standing there with her head bowed, blushing deeply, unable to speak, with her hands pulled up in her sleeves.

Originally Mu Qingsi was not so shy, it was just that she and Gu Sanniang's conversation was too private. With Ouyang Shuo, the protagonist of their conversation, appearing in front of them, she was naturally shy, not knowing when he came close and how much he had heard.

Not only was her heart uneasy, but she was shy about their new home. She was waiting until Ouyang Shuo chose to speak and set the mood. Gu Sanniang hurriedly pulled her sleeves, getting her to react and bow in salute. "Mu Qingsi greets sire!"

Ouyang Shuo naturally pretended not to see her dilemma and discomfort. "Is miss Mu fine, is this home good for you?"

"Thank you, Lord, for your care. It is all good." Mu Qingsi began to calm down, and knelt down to Ouyang Shuo.

Ouyang Shuo didn't allow this, hastening to come forward and helping her up, earnestly saying, "Miss Mu is too humble, you need not do this. Our ages are similar, if you don't mind, you can simply treat me as your brother." This was only an 18-year old girl, Ouyang Shuo could only feel pity for her.

Mu Qingsi instantly became red-faced, certain that Ouyang Shuo had heard their conversation, hurriedly shook her head and said, "Mu Qingsi is of low birth, I dare not claim such a luxury!"

Ouyang Shuo waved his hand. "We are a family in this village, there is no high and low distinction between us in the past, so let it go with the wind. We are in Shanhai Village, each by virtue of their own skills, duties, and self-reliance. Therefore, you will not pretend to be small. If you do not agree, then I will have to be angry." Ouyang Shuo deliberately made his face stern, watching Mu Qingsi.

The young lady's cheeks bloomed roses as she watched Ouyang Shuo and called out, "Big Brother!"

Ouyang Shuo replied happily, "That's right. This is Shanhai Village, rest your heart. I have been long fascinated by your tailoring skills!

"Gu Sanniang, at this stage, you will be responsible for the cooking of the Lord's Manor. When the village finally opens a restaurant to service everyone, I will ask you to take that over."

Gu Sanniang smiled. "I will comply with the Lord's arrangements!"



* * *





Chapter 24




Chapter 24

Chapter 24 - Girl Talk



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: RED





After completing the class changes, Ouyang Shuo left the barracks. He was not going to intervene on the matters of the daily training of the mounted crossbowmen, territorial patrols, and those stationed at the northern salt fields.

The military was in the experienced hands of General Shi, and with a tenacious lieutenant like Lin Yi, as well as the increasingly mature and skilled sergeants, he was confident of them. He wanted to give them power and let them be tested so as to grow quicker.

Of course, the core duties of appointing and removing personnel, he wasn’t quite going to let go. That was the core element of his influence on the army. If he was really hands-off, it would be hard to say if the soldiers would even recognize his authority as their lord after some time.

This was part of the charm of the game. NPCs were more than just stiff bundles of data, they had their own feelings. The more advanced the NPC, the higher their intelligence.

Take General Shi. As a emperor-level historical figure, his experience and awareness was even higher than a player like Ouyang Shuo. Although General Shi would never violate his orders because of the system rules and his historical background, but if Ouyang Shuo’s actions were too absurd, he would not be able to convince the general to do his best for him!

Thus, their Loyalty stat was not just a simple summary of everything. Although in principle they would not betray Shuo, but there were possibilities they would fight over authority or slack and neglect their duties.

In turn, because of this, Lords could use the full force of the system to exercise their authority and to train their decision making skills. After all, the cost of making mistakes in the game was still much less than in reality.

Outside the barracks, Ouyang Shuo pondered what to do next. Everything in the territory seemed to be proceeding in an orderly manner, progress towards the grade 3 village was slowly moving forward. Just a little while ago, he was troubled by his financial problems, but the destruction of the raider camp seemed to have completely resolved this.

Thinking of that point, it reminded him that he still had building blueprints in his storage bag. There were 5 building blueprints in his storage bag, namely the stables, the dojo, the hospital, the tailor shop, and the weapon workshop.

Among them, the stables and weapon workshop were required for grade 3 villages. Ouyang Shuo looked at the construction requirements, and found out that unfortunately, right now they could only build some stables.



Stables: Place where horses are kept.

Requirements: Stables building plans, 200 wood, 50 stone.

Build time: One day.

------

Weapon Workshop: A comprehensively equipped weapons and armor manufacturing facility, you can build ordinary weapons and armor.

Requirements: Advanced Blacksmith, Weapons Workshop building plans, 400 wood, 200 stone. Build time: 2 days.



The weapon shop required a high-level smithy, Shanhai currently didn’t have one. His only blacksmith, Li Tiezhu, was promoted to intermediate blacksmith just a little while ago, and it was difficult to upgrade to an advanced blacksmith in a short time. Fortunately, there was still time, and Ouyang Shuo could still hope to directly get a randomly generated advanced blacksmith.

As for 2nd grade village buildings, Ouyang Shuo still lacked the Ancestral Hall and the Private School. Now that he had money, Ouyang Shuo headed directly to the Basic Market, spending 10 gold coins to buy both sets of building blueprints. In this way, he could start building all the required infrastructure for a 2nd grade village, even though he still needed a Scholar for the school.

During the previous five days, the Construction Division had completed the arrow towers, the primary mining sites, and 15 small courtyard homes.

Heading back to the Lord’s Manor and administrative office within, Ouyang Shuo ran into Deputy Director Zhao Dewang. He directly handed him all the building blueprints, and told him to get all five buildings built as soon as possible. In addition, he did not forget to specifically ask him to get a stable built for Black Tornado next to his own courtyard.

In the afternoon, Ouyang Shuo visited the two seriously injured militiamen. After being treated by Dr. Song, they were both out of any danger.

The first one was a 20 years-old young man, called Song Yi. In the fight, 2 fingers of his left hand were cut off, meaning he’d be maimed for life. Seeing Ouyang Shuo visiting him, the little fellow could not hold back, and cried like a child.

The other man was about thirty, called Li Tie, and his right eye had been shot out completely by an arrow, blinding him.

This was a true man, when Ouyang Shuo were seeing him. His emotions had already stabilized, and he was still able to talk and laugh. Semi-serious, half-joking, he said, “Sire, I, Li Tie, may only have one eye, but I am still able to kill the enemy.”

Ouyang Shuo’s heart was sour. “Well, I believe in you. However, you will not be on the front line. Soon, when Shanhai rises to the level of a town, I will be setting up a special security team for the territory at that time, and both you and Song Yi will be on it. For now, your task is to rest and take care of yourself until your injuries are good, do not stop your martial arts training. I do not want to take you into the security team if you cannot even catch a thief!”

Li Tie immediately exclaimed, “Sire, rest assured that I will never bring shame to you or to the militia team!”

“I believe you! Keep your spirits up, I will leave and let you recuperate. Remember my words, and ease your hearts! Your faith and good work I will remember, and at the right time, will give you enough to make up for what you have lost!”

“Thank you, sire, for your care.” After Ouyang Shuo’s appeasement, coupled with his promise, the hearts of the two were reassured and they had completely calmed down.

He headed back to the Manor, to see 2 women in the corridor to the west wing courtyard chatting.

“Sister Gu, we have come today as requested. The lord did not say how we were to be set, we don’t even know what he looks like.” The one speaking was a beautiful young woman in a dress. Although her clothing was made of ordinary linen, the workmanship was extremely delicate, and gave her an innocent air.

“Little girl! I heard that our sire is a handsome teen, do you have any thoughts about him?” The other woman was a middle aged woman who wore very simple clothing, with little to no makeup.

The other woman was the target of this joke, and immediately frowned. “Sister is making fun of people. Although I am curious, you should know about repaying a debt. Sire rescued me from the bandits, I have nothing but gratitude for the Lord. I do not have any other thoughts.”

“Do not say you do not know what it is like. Every day in the raider’s camp was simply painful,” the older of the two went on, clearly emotional. “However, I have heard things. The Material Reserves Division secretary, Lady Cui, was the same as us, living in the wilderness. The Lord took pity on her, and cherishes her talent. So, not only does the Lord take care of her, but entrusts her with tasks! Lady Cui not only lives up to the trust of the lord, but her Material Reserve Division is kind and has won everyone’s respect.”

“Sister Cui is not only so beautiful, but capable. I admire her greatly!” The younger woman was still a girl, and immediately latched onto Yingyu as a role model.

“Young girl, do not pretend that your talent in tailoring is anything small. Shanhai Village is outstanding, your future achievements must not be any less than Lady Cui’s,” the other said wisely.

At this moment, Ouyang Shuo was standing in front of the yard, rather embarrassed. From their conversation, he had guessed that the two in front of him should be the two that Gu Xiuwen told him about this morning, advanced chef Gu Sanniang and advanced tailor Mu Qingsi. Inadvertently listening to the two’s private dialogue in his own home, he had not walked in yet.

“Ahem!” Ouyang Shuo deliberately coughed to let them know he was coming, before he entered the yard.

“Yes!” Turning to see Ouyang Shuo, Mu Qingsi’s little face immediately flushed a little. It was the older one who spoke, uncertainly asking, “Has the Lord come back? I am Gu Sanniang, greeting my lord!”

“I am Lord Ouyang Shuo. I was busy with things earlier, and I have neglected the two of you. Please forgive me.”

Gu Sanniang looked at Mu Qingsi and saw her standing there with her head bowed, blushing deeply, unable to speak, with her hands pulled up in her sleeves.

Originally Mu Qingsi was not so shy, it was just that she and Gu Sanniang’s conversation was too private. With Ouyang Shuo, the protagonist of their conversation, appearing in front of them, she was naturally shy, not knowing when he came close and how much he had heard.

Not only was her heart uneasy, but she was shy about their new home. She was waiting until Ouyang Shuo chose to speak and set the mood. Gu Sanniang hurriedly pulled her sleeves, getting her to react and bow in salute. “Mu Qingsi greets sire!”

Ouyang Shuo naturally pretended not to see her dilemma and discomfort. “Is miss Mu fine, is this home good for you?”

“Thank you, Lord, for your care. It is all good.” Mu Qingsi began to calm down, and knelt down to Ouyang Shuo.

Ouyang Shuo didn’t allow this, hastening to come forward and helping her up, earnestly saying, “Miss Mu is too humble, you need not do this. Our ages are similar, if you don't mind, you can simply treat me as your brother.” This was only an 18-year old girl, Ouyang Shuo could only feel pity for her.

Mu Qingsi instantly became red-faced, certain that Ouyang Shuo had heard their conversation, hurriedly shook her head and said, “Mu Qingsi is of low birth, I dare not claim such a luxury!”

Ouyang Shuo waved his hand. “We are a family in this village, there is no high and low distinction between us in the past, so let it go with the wind. We are in Shanhai Village, each by virtue of their own skills, duties, and self-reliance. Therefore, you will not pretend to be small. If you do not agree, then I will have to be angry.” Ouyang Shuo deliberately made his face stern, watching Mu Qingsi.

The young lady’s cheeks bloomed roses as she watched Ouyang Shuo and called out, “Big Brother!”

Ouyang Shuo replied happily, “That’s right. This is Shanhai Village, rest your heart. I have been long fascinated by your tailoring skills!

“Gu Sanniang, at this stage, you will be responsible for the cooking of the Lord’s Manor. When the village finally opens a restaurant to service everyone, I will ask you to take that over.”

Gu Sanniang smiled. “I will comply with the Lord’s arrangements!”



* * *





Chapter 25




Chapter 25

Chapter 25 - Basic Benefits



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: RED



Inside Gaia, Year One, Day 24. A sunny day in the game.

Ouyang Shuo was riding Black Tornado, galloping through the wilderness. Since he had gained his horse, he had ridden it every morning like a wind through his lands. Black Tornado clearly liked the vast expanse of the wilderness compared to the narrow confines of the stables. Dew sprinkling from his hooves, facing the morning sunshine, he was clearly enjoying his run.

At Friendship River, over 300 acres of farmland had been reclaimed, neat and orderly, set in four squares. He couldn’t see the far edge from where he rode. The river ditches had been dug, forming a simple and practical irrigation system for the farmland. The farmers were planting the sweet potato seeds in the furrows and were looking forward to the harvest in the future.

Ouyang Shuo studied the farm from the side, watching the rolling furrows and the busy farmers. He also could see hope of a harvest. He could rely on the potatoes to help with some of the people’s food needs for the first half of the year. Looking over everything, according to the reports given to him, they were expected to be done planting by tomorrow.

He was very pleased with the efficiency of the Reclamation Division. Zhao Dexian was a real talent at management, whether it be the construction team before, or the Reclamation Division now. He had managed everything well, and never let Ouyang Shuo be disappointed. Ouyang Shuo firmly believed that after these experiences, Zhao Dexian could later assume even more important positions, such as his personal assistant.

Ouyang Shuo returned from his run along the farmland, taking less than half an hour to return to the village. On both sides of the village, two arrow towers had been built. Now there were two crossbowmen stationed by them, firmly guarding the entrances to Shanhai.

Coming through the main entrance, he was greeted by the first buildings of the commercial street. A basic grocery shop, intermediate smithy, intermediate woodshop, advanced tailor, advanced dojo, and other buildings rose on both sides of the street, bringing an aura of vitality to the area.

Yes, an advanced tailor shop and dojo, not basic level! This was related to setting the building level in the game. In the game, all buildings could be divided into five categories.

The 1st category included simple fences, residential small homes, towers, the ferry, and stables; things that were mostly living space provided by the building. These types of buildings were not hierarchical, and once built they could not be upgraded again. Thus, the fence could not be upgraded. It would have to be removed to construct stronger walls of brick.

The 2nd category included the smithy, tailor shop, woodshop, dojo, or hospital; buildings that produced something based on skilled experts. The smithy, for instance, did not determine if it could only build farm tools or also weapons; it was dependent on the level of the smith.

So, the level of those buildings was directly tied to the level of the expert working there. So when basic smith Li Tiezhu was promoted to intermediate blacksmith, his smithy was likewise improved from basic to intermediate grade.

The 3rd category was a shipyard building. This type of building also relied on skilled personnel to achieve its function, but was also very dependent on the facility itself.

Even if his shipyard had an advanced shipbuilder, but because the grade of the yard and dock were still at the basic level, so was the entire yard. Thus, the building itself had to be upgraded, as well as the personnel inside had to be at the right level in order to improve.

The 4th category included the village temple, ancestral hall, the market, and the barracks. These buildings themselves nee

ded to be upgraded, and didn’t require skilled personnel to do what they needed to do. Thus, to improve them, you had to acquire higher level building blueprints.

The 5th category were resource acquisition buildings, like the logging site, quarries, and mines. The level of those buildings was related to the volume of resources stored there and number of people working them. As long as the resources stored were rich enough and the workforce expanded to a high enough level, they could be directly promoted.

According to the game settings, the basic level was up to 100 people. 100 to 500 people was the intermediate level, 500 to 1000 was the advanced level, and more than 1000 people for the special level.

At the end of the business street, Ouyang Shuo returned to his Manor and office within. On the desk some paperworks were waiting, detailing the defense plan against the incoming beastwave worked out by General Shi.

He was not in a hurry to examine the papers, having been struck by a thought. Passing through the commercial street, he had seen many villagers going to work in their old clothes, and suddenly realized that something should be done about that. The villagers worked hard every day for the territory yet the only thing he had done for them was ensuring they were well-fed.

He could still remembered that when the Zhao villagers came to him, he had made them a promise: To let the villagers have clothes to wear, food to eat, and room to live.

The villagers were still wandering about in their original ragged clothes, and even Cui Yingyu, the lady of his household, had no decent clothes. But now, they had Mu Qingsi, an advanced tailor! His treasury had funds once again, it was time to improve everyone’s living conditions!

“Er Wazi!” Ouyang Shuo shouted out the door.

“Lord!” Er Wazi was out playing in the courtyard, and answered immediately when Ouyang Shuo called for him, scampering rapidly into the office.

“Go find sister Cui and sister Mu and bring them to my office, I have something to say to them.”

“I have it covered!” Er Wazi shouted back energetically, and trotted eagerly out of the office.



Taking advantage of the time, Ouyang Shuo began to look at General Shi’s defense plan for the beastwave. In the plan, General Shi gave a detailed description of the strategy that Shanhai needed to set up. Its core content, summed up nicely, was ‘active defense, active attack’.

Active defense meant to expand the scope of the village out into the surrounding area. Specifically, to do a good job of defending the village, there should be layers of defenses located outside the village itself.

After all, an animal was an animal, unlike a human army with intelligent commanders. When animals came in a wave, they must be in a violent and irrational state. Taking advantage of this point, pits should be dug out and scattered randomly through the area, with sharpened stakes in the bottom. This would both hurt and trap many of the crazed wild animals, and encourage them to flee.

They should also take the initiative to attack, taking full advantage of the potential of their mounted crossbowmen. Retreating defensively into the village was not appropriate, they should use the cavalry flexibly, taking advantage of their speed to seize the initiative with guerrilla warfare tactics.

After reading the plan, Ouyang Shuo nodded his head, accepting the expertise of General Shi’s strategy.



10 minutes later, Yingyu and Mu Qingsi walked in together. After these last few days, the two girls had become very close, almost like sisters.

“Big Brother, you looked for me and my sister, you must have a big deal to discuss,” Mu Qingsi said at the door, laughing at Ouyang Shuo. After a few days to get used to her new home, she now felt her new lord and big brother was quite approachable, and as a result her shyness had gone away, becoming much more gracious and open.

“Naturally I have something important to discuss with you, else I would not dare to disturb our young ladies,” Ouyang Shuo replied, not to be outdone in the teasing. This little lady, since reaching an understanding with him, had become more daring. Although it was a deliberate teasing, he couldn’t let her be too naughty!

“Ah!” Seeing Ouyang Shuo returning such a joke, Mu Qingsi was finally a bit embarrassed. True to her nature, she whispered, “Big brother is bad, teasing a child like this!”

Mu Qingsi still had such a temperament. Ouyang Shuo couldn’t help but think of his real sister, Bing’er. Although there was a definite age gap, the same air of innocence and carefree beauty was still touching. When Bing’er finally joined the game, the two of them would definitely be playing together.

Ouyang Shuo ignored her whisper loftily, turning to look at Cui Yingyu. “Yingyu, having the two of you come here is going to be the start of a major event for the territory. This matter requires both you and little sister to see to completion.”

Yingyu had a softly puzzled look on her face as she asked, “I do not know what big brother intends?”

“When we raided the bandit camp, we reaped a bounty of 32 gold coins. I took out 10 coins for building blueprints, leaving more than 20 coins behind. Plus, Mu Qingsi’s tailor shop has already opened. I want to see if you can buy linen from the Basic Market and make a new set of clothes for every villager in the territory, it will be a special reward for the hard work everyone has done.”

Yingyu smiled all the way to her eyebrows, sincerely saying, “Big brother, this is a great move! Does this move apply specifically only to the existing villagers, or also newcomers who arrive at the village?”

“This plan is ready to be put forward as part of the basic welfare of Shanhai, so it is a long-term policy. On the day of Shanhai’s founding, I promised the villagers this as their lord. I was unable to do so in the past, but now I am capable and naturally am not going to go back on my words.”

Mu Qingsi’s big eyes started fluttering energetically as she heard this, her gaze flashing as she looked at Ouyang Shuo, her face full of hero worship. “Wow, big brother, I am worshipping you more and more, how do you do this?”

Ouyang Shuo coughed, lightly saying, “No need to worship me, I am just a legend!”

“Foo, big brother is such a narcissist, shame, shame!” This little girl was getting more and more unscrupulous.

Regardless, Ouyang Shuo asked her, “Little sister, about these clothes, you are the advanced tailor and thus the most qualified to talk about them. Tell your big brother what you need to accomplish this, how much cloth, time, and so forth.”

Mu Qingsi pondered a moment. “According to what this I know, a roll of cloth is around 30 meters long, using an average of 2.5 meters per person, it can clothe 12 people. Based on the maximum population of 500 in a grade 2 village, we will probably need at least 42 rolls of cloth. With 4 apprentices, we can sew 20 sets of clothing per day.”

Ouyang Shuo nodded, looking at the pair of them. “It seems this will be a long-term project. So I am going to set up a division of labor. I am responsible for the purchasing of cloth rollls to be tailored for the villagers. Qing’er you will be responsible for the sizing and sewing of clothes. Yu’er, you will be in charge of the distributions in an orderly manner of first come first serve. In addition, I will be buying another roll of fine silk, we will make a fine dress for both of you. Don’t decline, take it as a gift from the big brother.”

Girls were naturally more concerned about their images, even they had refused to at first, but they eventually accepted this gift from him.



* * *





Chapter 26




Chapter 26

TWO Chapter 26 - Prepare for War



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: RED



Ouyang Shuo went to the Basic Market, and opened the Material Trading Platform. He first looked at the prices. A roll of linen was priced at 10 silver coins, fine silk at 50 silver coins.

In this case, 42 rolls of linen and a silk roll totalled out to 470 silver coins, less than 5 gold coins. This reflected how tough it was to build up gold, and its purchasing power.

The materials arrived in the hut, and Yingyu came over with her Material Reserve Division workers to take the cloth away.

Taking this opportunity, Ouyang Shuo also cleaned up the beast furs in storage. The most precious were no doubt the four pieces of quality 8 king boar skin and the two quality 6 mutant boar hide.

In addition, there were 30 pieces of damaged beast fur at quality 1, 40 quality 2 ordinary furs, and 10 quality 4 perfect furs. He took all the fur out and along with the cloth, had it all delivered to Little Sister Mu.

After dealing with the cloth supply, he was ready to go to the blacksmith shop, and check on the production of arrows. Arrow consumption was very fast. They had seized 1000 arrows from the raiding camp, which when divided up among the soldiers was only 20 arrows each. That was barely enough to meet daily training requirements.

In order to deal with the upcoming beastwave, Ouyang Shuo had told blacksmith Li Tiezhu to make only arrows. He walked into the smithy, which was in full swing.

Coincidentally, Sergeant Zhang Daniu of the First Militia Squad was leading four men to the shop to retrieve the completed arrows. Seeing Ouyang Shuo, Daniu hurriedly saluted, “Sire!”

“How are you adapting after the class change transformation?” Ouyang Shuo asked him directly.

“Sir, after the class change, everyone was very happy, very ready to go fight! General Shi has been assigning us to strict training and work details, and we are all eager to show our strength!”

“Very good.”

Ouyang Shuo turned around and looked to Smith Li. “Master Li, you’ve been working hard these past few days. How many arrows have you crafted?”

“Ever since receiving my lord’s orders, we have managed to make 1500 arrows. In accordance with this progress, before the expected arrival of the beastwave, we should be able to make another 1600 arrows.”

“Excellent, that is very efficient,” Ouyang Shuo nodded in satisfaction. Three thousand arrows should be enough to cope with the incoming beastwave. “Daniu, pass these words to General Shi when you return to the barracks. Tell him that his defense plan is excellent and have him start making the preparations to implement it.”

“Yes, sire!”

“Good! Seeing that arrow production is proceeding smoothly, I will leave you to your work!”



Heading back to the manor, Gu Sanniang was preparing lunch. Ever since the advanced chef had moved into the manor, the food cooked in the manor had been increasingly delicious. Thus, as long as they weren’t busy with work, the people living in the manor would return to eat there.

The only exception was General Shi. Since establishing his crossbowmen cavalry, the General’s enthusiasm for training had completely taken him over. Since then, he had been living with the soldiers in the barracks, returning back to the courtyard less and less often.

With Ouyang Shuo there, there was no such rules at to keep quiet while dining. With this opportunity to sit and eat together, it was easy to talk about what everyone was doing in their respective divisions. This kind of cross-talk was a good thing, sometimes they could eventually solve problems while eating at the dinner table.

Seeing Ouyang S

huo eating two mouthful of food, little sister Mu smiled and said, “Big brother, you are so bad!”

Ouyang Shuo blinked in confusion. “How is that so? Did I bully you?” Everyone was curious to see what would pop out of this young lady’s mouth.

“Big brother, you sent me those beast furs, and some of it was actually quality 8! You did not tell little sister, and they were mixed in with the other skins!

If I had not seen them, they would have been thrown to the apprentices! Such a terrible waste! You were truly bad, big brother!” Sister Mu was obviously proud of herself for catching his mistake, and making trouble for him.

Ouyang Shuo was a little embarrassed, as it was indeed his mistake. “I forgot to tell you when I had the idea to include them. It is good that little sister has such keen eyes and I did not make an irreversible error.” Of course, he knew Sister Mu liked to hear compliments, and so praising her was easy.

Sure enough, she grinned so hard she was squinting. “Hee hee, there is such a high quality leather hide, little sister can sew it up for big brother!”

“Well, then, big brother will thank his little sister in advance for her work!”

Lunch ended to much laughter all around. Ouyang Shuo did not go out that afternoon, opting to stay in the office and concentrate on reading. In the game, although there was no reading skill in one’s stats, a certain degree of reading would increase the inherent value of his comprehension.

Therefore, since the office had shelves of books, Ouyang Shuo liked to stay in the office there and read. At the same time, he was also looking forwards to increasing his comprehension. It had been proven in the game, reading here or in reality was the same. You had to actually read word by word with the intention to learn, not just turn pages and look like you were doing so.



************************************

Gaia, Year One, January 25. It was a sunny day, a day to travel, finish planting, open market, and avoid migrations.

Ouyang Shuo began to preside over the weekly meeting. “Everyone, there is only one theme for today’s meeting. That is, in five days, the beastwave arrives. We are going to be talking about the plan of defense for Shanhai.”

General Shi rose after the introduction, beginning his talk by focusing on the need to explain the matter with the Secretaries. “First, we need to check the household registration for any hunters. The layout of the trap defense chain requires cooperation from the hunters, especially any that are good at arranging traps.”

Gu Xiuwen stood up and smiled. “There is no need to worry the general. I was about to report to sire, two special talents have appeared among the new immigrants, and one of them is an intermediate hunter.”

General Shi laughed as he heard this. “Just the right time, indeed! Where is he now?”

Ouyang Shuo waved his hand. “General Shi, no need to be anxious. With Xiuwen on the task, we are assured it will be done right. Xiuwen, why not take this opportunity to tell us about these two special talents?”

The hunter is called Yang Zhui, a young man of twenty-five years. The other person is an old man called Fan Jin, and he is a Scholar,“ Xiuwen said concisely.

“Oh?! This is twice the joy!” Ouyang Shuo was not interested in getting deeper into this matter right now, however. After all, the theme of the meeting was the beastwave. He looked back to General Shi. “General, please continue.”

General Shi went on,” Since we have a hunter, then I hope the construction division can help with the work of digging the traps. In addition, we will need to mark the edges of the traps, and explain clearly to the villagers to pay attention to their feet and not step into them.”

“That is definitely something we need to pay attention to. Xiuwen, make a notice about the traps, clear and concise, and have it posted in the village,” Ouyang Shuo said to Gu Xiuwen.

“Yes, sire!” Of course Xiuwen was not going to decline such orders that protects the villagers. “In addition, I have a proposal. We can mobilize the strength of all the villagers for participation in the defense of the territory. I suggest that the logging field make a number of wooden javelins. General Shi could arrange some of his cavalry to organize the villagers for javelin training.”

He hadn’t thought Gu Xiuwen had such a military mind behind his scholar’s facade. Ouyang Shuo nodded and praised him, “Yes, this is a good idea, Xiuwen. I very much agree.”

General Shi glanced at Xiuwen and said, “I agree also.”

“We have no problems in the Reserve Division, and estimate that we should be able to make around five thousand simple wooden javelins over the next five days,” Cui Yingyu said smartly.

“As for the Construction Division here, we have completed all the buildings except the private school. They should be able to help that hunter Yang with digging traps,” Ouyang Shuo said, turning to Zhao Dewang.

Zhao Dewang also agreed readily to this.

At this time, Reclamation Secretary Zhao Dexian stood up, and said solemnly, “Sire, I have something to say.”

“Please speak up!”

“Sire, I worry about the beasts during the siege. If they intrude upon the farmland, will it cause the planted potatoes to go bad?” This batch of potatoes, considered as the hope of the territory, was something he attached great importance to.

“This is a problem, do we have any solutions?” Ouyang Shuo asked.

“The farms are located on the edge of the river and at the edge of our territory. We can speculate that the animals will be directed towards the village and will not wander around, so the farms and fields should stay fairly clear,” General Shi said. “At the edges of the fields dig a trench, perhaps sprinkle some dung in there. By and large, the beasts should avoid the farmland. Even if there are some random stragglers straying into the farmland, the loss will not be much, and can be remedied.”

Hearing this, Zhao Dexian laughed. “The general’s words are very good, and digging the trenches will not be a waste, they can be integrated into the irrigation system. Wonderful, wonderful!”

General Shi just smiled. He had not considered that point, having looked at it strictly from the military point of view.

Seeing everyone talking about the event, Ouyang Shuo took advantage of the moment to end the proceedings. “We all want a lot of good countermeasures to defend our territory. I hope everyone performs their duties as we prepare for war. In addition, Dr. Song has moved his quarters to the hospital, please make temporary accommodations for scholar Elder Fan in the courtyard.”

“Yes, sire.”



* * *





Chapter 27




Chapter 27

Chapter 27 - Private School



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: RED



In the afternoon, Ouyang Shuo went over to the southeast district of the village, which was the area set aside for culture and education. The newly built hospital and the ancestral hall, as well as the private school being constructed, were all in this district.

He first went to Dr. Song’s hospital and saw the happy face of the old gentleman. Since the doctor’s uproar, as long as there was time, Ouyang Shuo would take the initiative to come to the hospital and visit.

The hospital had two parts. At the front was the area to issue medicine and treat patients. At the back were accomodations. Ouyang Shuo walked in, and saw that Dr. Song was with a patient. He did not disturb them, simply greeting the doctor, and walking back out.

He then went into the shrine next door. The ancestral hall for the village also had two parts. At the front was a gatehouse, divided by a square in the middle from the true ancestral hall to the back. Because Shanhai Village was player established, the Hall was not devoted to any one clan, and the surnames of the villagers were not the same. Consequently, Ouyang Shuo chose to focus on the Yellow Emperor, the ancestor of Chinese civilization, for general ancestral worship.

Next to the ancestral hall was the Mazu temple, now wreathed in incense. More than 80% of the people of Shanhai Village had chosen to place their faith in Mazu.

Not far away, the private school was being built. Zhao Dewang was personally supervising it. Ouyang Shuo did not come forward to disturb him, instead returning to the manor.



**************************************

On the 27th of January, the private school was opened.

A village-level private school was mainly there to provide basic education. The teacher taught literacy, the basic thousand words or so, and then the great classics of Chinese literature. The students basically consisted of the children of the village, including Er Wazi, for a total of twelve people.

More specifically, Ouyang Shuo had added an additional requirement. The school had also opened an adult literacy class, teaching some literacy to those talents Ouyang Shuo wanted to cultivate.

Those talents included the logging field manager Zhao Youfang, quarry field manager Chang Shangu and mining field manager Yuan Shaoping, as well as some civil servants. Zhang Daniu, San Gouzi, Zhao Sihu, and Li Mingliang, the sergeants of his soldier squads, all needed this training to become officers. These people didn’t know a single character.

In order to cultivate their talents, Ouyang Shuo had enforced this command under order of death. No matter how busy these people were, they had to be in the school for half a day, every day, to learn the basics. At the same time, he specifically told Elder Fan to monitor their progress every day, and if they were falling behind, report to him immediately. He naturally had ways to motivate the recalcitrant.

At the opening ceremony of the adult literacy classes, Ouyang Shuo said, “You are all very lucky. At this age, you have the chance to re-enter school. Most of you, before coming to Shanhai, were farmers. Maybe you had the dream of reading in your casual time, but attending a school was not a something you can afford during your young age.

“Now that you are grown up, perhaps you think that reading is something that does not matter anymore. Even if you can’t read, you are still alive, living and surviving like everyone else.

“I want to say you are wrong, wrong, wrong! The persons who came to this village is no longer the same people as you are now, the managers of the strategic resources of this territory! The things that you are doing now, and that you will do in the future, are far more important than the t

hings you did before coming to Shanhai Village. In these important positions, to enjoy the rights you must also fulfill your duties. Therefore, to go further, you must lay a foundation. I do not wish for you to fall behind because you are illiterate, and I am going to tell you very seriously that no one is going to wait for you.

“So, please cherish this opportunity. I can tell you very clearly that this is only a very small part of the territorial training program, just a starting point, and there will be many more advanced opportunities for future training. In time, I hope to see your faces and lecture you again.”

The seven people sitting there had varied attitudes. Some were listening to him, some looked like they understood, and some seemed a little muddled. In the end, it was up to them to seize their own good fortune.

After the lecture, Ouyang Shuo left the podium to Fan Jin. The old man had way passed the age of ignorance and what was left behind by time was only an elder filled with wisdom. Although old, he was still filled with spirited air, his bones were still strong, and he wasn’t like the other professors, all talk and no actions. He was active and was a real scholar that teaches knowledge to the world.

Ouyang Shuo had great respect for such a scholar, happily sitting at the back of the classroom with the other students, carefully listening to the first of the adult literacy classes.



After the class, Ouyang Shuo walked out of the school, heading for the commercial street district. Yesterday evening, Little Sister Mu had told him that she had finished the leather made from the king boar hide that she had been making for him, and he had to remember to come by the tailor shop.

During this time period, Little Sister and her apprentices had been so busy that their feet hadn’t touched the ground. To complete a goal of five hundred sets of clothing was not an easy job.

Although Qing’er was usually very playful, she was very focused and precise when she worked. Her expression was serious, and she was strict with the apprentices. Just watching her, her apprentices were afraid of her in the same manner as how mice are afraid of cats.

Ouyang Shuo had not imagined that his Little Sister had such a side to her. But, in this world, success was not accidental. Talent was important, but her own efforts and dedication and love of tailoring were the more important than only talent.

Sure enough, when Ouyang Shuo stepped inside the tailor shop, everyone’s heads were down, busily sewing the clothes on the table. He stood at the door for ten minutes, and none of them noticed him. Seeing Little Sister working so seriously, Ouyang Shuo could not help feeling soft-hearted.

However, Ouyang Shuo was not prepared to be too nice to her. This Little Sister, she was really thick-skinned, and her ability to take advantage of him was also quite huge. If he spoiled her too much, Ouyang Shuo estimated that she’d become quite difficult to deal with.

“Cough! Little sister, brother is here, and you haven’t come up to meet me, ah?” Ouyang Shuo deliberately teased her.

Little sister raised her head, and shot back, “Well, bad brother. Can you not see your lovely sister is busy?”

Ouyang Shuo could only change the topic. “Yesterday you told me that the leather armor you made is done, and I have stopped by to pick it up.”

“This time I had made a gold level armor out of the leather. Oh, my brother has such a good reward!”

“What? Gold level leather armor?” In his estimation, a silver level leather armor piece would have been quite satisfying. He really had not expected Little Sister to give him such a big surprise.

“It is the sincere truth!” Little Mu said, taking out a set of leathers from the side. In addition to the armor set, there was a pair of dark red boots and gloves.

Ouyang Shuo took the armor and looked at it over carefully. As a whole it was black, wrapping around the whole chest and stitched together with a multi-level leather chain. Everything was made of leather, except for the metal buckles.

The leather had a very steady feel to it, fashionable without affecting its practical functions. The whole piece was very consistent with his preferences, Ouyang Shuo loved it and didn’t want to put it down.

Ouyang Shuo was amazed, and realized that Little Sister really had a talent in tailoring. She was not only skilled, but could personalize items to each person’s differences. He could hardly wait to see the properties of the armor.



Name: Brutal Guardian (gold)

Type: Leather Armor

Weight: 3 kg

Defense: 45

Toughness: 50

Maker: Mu Qingsi (with equipment naming rights)

Evaluation: Made by senior tailor Mu Qingsi from quality 8 king boar hide. Exquisite workmanship, practical design, excellent protection.



Sure enough, 45 points of defense and 50 points of toughness, enough to ensure that without gold level weapons, it would be difficult to break it.

Seeing Ouyang Shuo’s surprised expression, Little Sister Mu was extremely happy. “I thought of the name for the leather armor as I want it to be a good guardian for big brother.”

With her help, Ouyang Shuo put the leather on, and immediately felt safer. Wearing it, he would no longer have to worry about danger from arrows.

“Yes, this is really good, our family has a good child.” At this moment, Ouyang Shuo could only appreciate Little Sister more.

“Well, of course, people call me the Genius Girl!” Little Sister had no modesty, responding the same way to all praise.

“Also, Big Brother, there is a set of gloves and boots, I made it from the quality 6 mutant wild boar hide. Although not as good as the armor, they are also silver class armor.” Sister Mu handed the new treasures to Ouyang Shuo.

Ouyang Shuo took the gloves and boots, looking at their properties.



Name: Brutal Gloves (silver)

Type: Leather Armor

Weight: 1 kg

Defense: 30

Toughness: 40

Maker: Mu Qingsi (with equipment naming rights)

Evaluation: Made by senior Tailor Mu Qingsi from quality 6 mutant boar hide. Exquisite workmanship, practical design, excellent protection.

------

Name: Brutal Boots (silver)

Type: Leather Armor

Weight: 1.5 kg

Defense: 30

Toughness: 40

Maker: Mu Qingsi (with equipment naming rights)

Evaluation: Made by senior Tailor Mu Qingsi from quality 6 wild boar hide. Exquisite workmanship, practical design, excellent protection.



This was a full set of leather armor made by Mu Qingsi. Qing’er’s skill had improved quite a lot! Ouyang Shuo could not help but look at his own personal stats.



Name: Qiyue Wuyi

Title: Celebrity (Good impression on historical figures +10%)

Territory: Shanhai Village

Merit: 1400/1600

Title: Third Viscount

Occupation: Officer (part-time)

Level: 20 (1,027,540/1,109,980)

Reputation: Well-known (1400/10,000)

Body Structure: 18

Comprehension: 20

Luck: 5

Charm: 8

Command: 29

Force: 9

Intelligence: 8

Political: 29

Talent: Not Open

Power law: No

Skills: Intermediate Collection, Basic Shipbuilding, Basic Diplomacy, Basic Scouting, Basic Weapons Proficiency, Basic Riding, Basic Spearmanship, Basic Archery

Mount: Exquisite War Horse (gold)

Equipment: Exquisite Iron Spear (gold), Ring of Courage (black iron), Brutal Guardian (gold), Brutal Boots (silver), Brutal Gloves (silver), Fine Iron Sword (silver)



* * *





Chapter 28




Chapter 28

Chapter 28 - Beast Siege, Part One



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: RED



Just as Ouyang Shuo came out of the tailor shop, there was a burst of sound from the system in his ears.

“World Announcement: In the first month of the year, new people have come into the wilderness, overcoming all obstacles with weapons and toil, plowing up the soil and establishing their foundations.

“The beasts of the wilderness have suffered a great slaughter, and been driven into a frenzy. In three days, on February 1, under the leadership of the greatest of their kind, the animals will be attacking the territories of the player lords! They will repay their slaughter in blood, and wash away their hatred in war! The lords need to prepare for war, sharpen your swords and prepare for battle to defend your honor and dignity!”

“World Announcement: The Siege of Beasts, a mandatory global defense quest, has begun. If the beasts successfully raid the village of the territory, the village will be removed immediately! If you successfully defend your territory from the beast attack, you will receive additional incentives.

“The top three of the regional rankings, national rankings, and world rankings will receive massive rewards, and you can qualify in more than one list! During the period of this quest, non-lord players cannot stay in a lord’s territory.”

“World Announcement: The top 10 rewards regionally are as follows: First place, 100 merit points. Each lower rank subsequently will receive 10 less merit points.”

“World Announcement: The top 10 national ranking awards are as follows: First place, 1000 merit points, 100 gold coins. Each successive rank, 100 less merit points, 10 less gold coins.”

“World Announcement: The top ten ranking awards in the world are as follows: First place 3000 points, 600 gold coins. Each successive rank, 200 less merit points, 50 less gold coins.”

“In addition, first place will receive a random secret building, a random special item, and a random basic item.”

There was a huge global uproar at the announcement from the system. The weak were worried that their territories would be completely destroyed. The powerful and the self-confident professional gamers were all completely tempted by the system incentives, their blood boiling with excitement. They were all gearing up to compete for the title of global leader!

Even knowing the news in advance, Ouyang Shuo still found himself excited by the prospect of such a rich reward. His goal was to ensure that he made it into the global top ten rankings, and strive to enter the top three. To achieve this goal, he had to have a secret weapon.



That afternoon, Ouyang Shuo headed to the barracks. In the barracks, the soldiers that were not out patrolling or carrying out missions were practicing archery. Seeing him enter, they stopped their practice and lined up to meet him.

Seeing the soldiers continue with their training, Ouyang Shuo said to General Shi, “General, I see you are still working hard!”

General Shi smiled proudly. “As an officer, this kind of military life is just what I love!”

“What are the levels of these soldiers now?” Ouyang Shuo asked directly.

General Shi proudly said, “After this period of training, all of the soldiers have been promoted to the second rank. In addition, the four sergeants have been promoted to third rank.”

“Very good! The training is living up to our expectations. How are the trap layouts for the territory?”

“The territory is large, and the plan is to have four layers of traps laid out in defense. After two days, we have completed two layers of traps. At this rate, we will have the rest of the layout finishe

d in the next two days.” General Shi was not vague, but direct and ambitious. Each layer of pit traps would consist of a thousand or more of them!

Ouyang Shuo nodded, and asked him, “Have you heard of alchemical fire, General Shi?”

“The magical black liquid oil that can ignite directly? Yes, I am well aware of it,” General Shi smiled in embarrassment. “My lord asks about this fiery weapon, but why?”

“If we could buy a lot of alchemical fire oil, would that help the general defense plan?”

“The wild beasts are no different then we are, and are afraid of fire. If there is alchemical fire oil, we could arrange a fire array before the gates of the village, and I would be confident we could destroy a wave of beasts in one fell swoop.”

“Excellent, these are the general’s words, I am free of worries. Bring some soldiers, I am off to the Basic Market to procure some alchemical fire!” Ouyang Shuo said happily.

General Shi immediately grabbed two squads of men, twenty soldiers, and along with Ouyang Shuo they went straight to the Basic Market.

Ouyang Shuo strode into the wooden hut, and opened the trading platform, searching for alchemical fire oil. Fire oil was sold as a unit of barrels, each barrel had 50 liters of oil, and was priced at 1 silver coin.

During the walk there, General Shi estimated that to complete a fire array, they would need around 40,000 liters of oil, or 800 barrels. In order to be foolproof, Ouyang Shuo grit his teeth and spent 10 gold coins, directly buying 1000 barrels of fire oil.

In addition, in order to enhance the early warning capability of the territory, Ouyang Shuo spent another 10 gold coins and bought the outpost tower building blueprints. These towers were made all of stone, and were difficult to destroy. At the same time, the top of the tower held a fire beacon, so early warnings could be sent out. Each station could accommodate two sentries.



Stone Outpost: Basic military facility, with strong defense and early warning capabilities.

Requirements: 20 timber, 200 stone.

Build time: 1 day.



The barrels appeared in the wooden cottages in the front of the square. Grinning fiercely, General Shi ordered the soldiers to bring the barrels to the barracks. These were dangerous goods, and he didn’t want to worry about them if they were stored elsewhere.

Ouyang Shuo also gave his just-purchased outpost tower blueprints to General Shi, who turned around and transferred them to Zhao Dewang and the Construction Division. As for where the towers would be put up and who would be posted there, that was naturally left up to General Shi. According to his plans, it was best to build three or more outposts to ensure enough warning time.

After emerging from the market, Ouyang Shuo was finally at ease. In the face of the incoming beastwave, everything he could do was already done. The whole of the territory was wrapped up and ready for the fight.

The key to victory or defeat in a war was nothing more than the battlefield. It was not an exaggeration to say that he had been preparing for this fight from the very first day he had grown to a Grade 2 Village. The other Lords would have only three days of preparation time.

He also had a geographical advantage. Four rings of traps, supplemented by early warning outpost towers, coupled with the fire oil array getting ready...he truly had an extreme advantage in terrain.

His last major advantage was people, and if anything, his advantage here was even greater. He had true soldiers, and was moving into the foundation of a territorial army and out of the militia era, jumping ahead of the normal sequence of things. Coupled with General Shi’s history of being one of the top ten officers, there were simply no weaknesses.

Finally, he had strong logistical support. Adequate arrows, massive inventory of javelins, enough supplies to last for the battle.

Back in his Manor, Ouyang Shuo sat down and read for an hour before logging off.



--------------------------------------------------

In the brick and mortar world, it was still winter time. The leaves in the gardens were slowly turning yellow, falling to the roads one by one. Ouyang Shuo ran on the gravel road, enjoying the fresh morning air, physically and mentally refreshed.

Arriving back home, Xiaoyue and Bing’er got up for breakfast. The big and small beauties, watching the breakfast in his hands, smiled and sat there quietly.

Some people say that habit is a fearsome thing. Before Ouyang Shuo and Bing’er moved to live with her, Xiaoyue only had breakfast irregularly.

In just a month’s time, she had grown very accustomed to having hot soy milk and fried dough sticks. She was also getting used to coming back in the afternoon and finding a good dinner waiting for her. And she was even used to sending Bing’er off to bed with a fairy tale. Unconsciously, whether it was eating or life or work, a lot of changes had taken place in her life.

Xiaoyue was largely unaware of it all, perhaps it was just the fate between people. It was a wonderful happening, letting Ouyang Shuo and Bing’er come into her life like a new brother and sister. Now, living with them was natural and harmonious, like a family all under one roof.

As usual, Ouyang Shuo saw Bing’er off to school, and opened up his handbrain back at home. Today’s forum was particularly lively. Needless to say, the root of everything was the big system announcement last night.

The top headline was a survey questionnaire. The survey’s theme was to guess who the top ten finishers in China would be. In addition, guessing who among the Lords in China would make the top ten in the world rankings.

There was no doubt that the Six Tyrants of Handan were still the biggest popular candidates. Everyone was interested in who, in addition to the Six Tyrants, could occupy a place in the top ten in China.

Among the candidates, Ouyang Shuo showed up because of his sixth place promotion to a grade 2 village. In addition to him, there was Xiongba’s King Village,Wandering Magic’s Fallen Leaves Village; Wufu’s Stone Village; and Bai Hua’s Consonance Village.

He and the other three, except Bai Hua, were the top ten players to make grade 2 villages in China. Bai Hua could be included in the list of candidates simply by virtue of her ID. She was a long-time occupant of the Chinese sports game ‘Hall of Fame’, first among the mystery players. How could attention not be paid to her?

There were intense discussions and predictions about who in China could reach the top ten list in the world. There was no doubt that Di Chen of the Six Tyrants of Handan was the most popular candidate. As for other people, no one was sure. After all, the world was too large, full of crouching tigers and hidden dragons.

A great many people boldly predicted that because of China’s population, at least two people would make the world list.

Ouyang Shuo looked at the players participating in the speculation, posting nothing. From what he remembered, in his past life, the only Chinese player to make the list was Di Chen, ranking third in the world.

The other world rankers were naturally not on the list. The other nine places had been occupied by the United States, Canada, Russia, Korea, Japan, Britain, Germany, France, and India. No country had occupied two places, so the ferocity of the competition could be seen.

This time, with Ouyang Shuo as the biggest variable, he didn’t know what the eventual pattern would look like.



* * *





Chapter 29




Chapter 29

Chapter 29 - Beast Siege, Part Two



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: RED



Gaia, Year 1, February 1. Cloudy, a day for blessings, migrations, and making deals. An outing is discouraged.

At dawn, three horsemen rode away from the barracks, going straight to the outpost towers outside the village. The Construction Division had built three outposts in the outlying areas, each of them two kilometers away.

Because of limited manpower, only one soldier was assigned to each station. Their jobs were the same; watching the movement of the beast packs, and raising smokes to warn the village when they saw them.

At the same time, the first, third, and fifth squads of the cavalry, under the command of Lin Yi, rode away from the western gates, heading towards the mining field area at the southern edge of the territory, only 300 meters from the west end of the woods.

Because of Shanhai’s surrounding terrain, the beasts couldn’t come from the south, as the foot of the mountain was there. Likewise the east, where a wide river and the canyon were, would have so few animals it wasn’t worth considering.

Therefore, the main appearance of the packs would be from the west side of the woods and coming down from the north out of the wilderness, along the Friendship River. Of these two, the west side of the forest was the main focus of their defense. A lot of beasts lived inside those woods, and it was the main training place for the militia.

With this terrain, Ouyang Shuo was commanding the second squad of cavalry at the northern gate of Shanhai. General Shi was commanding the fourth squad at the western gate. As for the eastern gate, Ouyang Shuo had entrusted it to Lin Yi’s older brother. Master Lin was leading more than 20 avid martial arts students from his dojo in guarding that gate.

In order to strengthen the western gate, the construction division had built towers on both sides of the gate. Their last trump card, the fire array, was placed in front of the western gate in the open ground there.

The fire array was 100 square meters big. At its sides were 2 meter trenches, dug a couple hands deep. These trenches were filled with alchemical fire oil and water, then covered with wood, and the wood covered with hay. From above, you could not see the array itself.

The rest of the fire oil was placed in the open space in front of the North Gate. Because the northern gate was a more passive defensive strategy, there was only a single 200 meter long ditch, the same combination of oil on water, covered with wood, which was covered with hay.

The villagers and remaining crossbowmen were ordered not to leave the village. Outside of the village, the ferry, logging and mining fields, quarry, shipyard, wharf, and salt fields had all ceased operation. The incoming beastwave was going to attack Shanhai itself, being driven to destroy all villages out here in the wilderness. They wouldn’t care about industries outside the village.



Acting in accord with Gu Xiuwen’s proposal for the defense strategy, Ouyang Shuo had formed two huge militia reserve teams. All of the members of the reserve teams had been trained by the soldiers to be able to skillfully throw javelins.

Militia reserve Team A, a total of 120 people, was captained by the secretary of the Reclamation Division, Zhao Dexian, with quarry field manager Zheng Shanpao as temporary lieutenant. They were stationed at the western gate, and responsible for any needed defense of the west.

Militia Reserve Team B, a total of 100 people, had the deputy secretary of the Construction Division, Zhao Dewang, as captain, with mining field manager Yuan Shaoping as his lieutenant. They were stationed at the north gate, and responsible for any fighting in the north.

The rest of the people, in addition to the elderly, wo

men, and children, were all in the wartime logistics department. This numbered close to two hundred people, and Cui Yingyu, the Material Reserves Division Secretary, was the interim director.

The Logistics department was divided into four groups. The first was the medical rescue group, led by Dr. Song, with his four apprentices and twenty women to help him, responsible for treatment of the wounded.

The second was the material handling group, sixty people headed by lumber field head Zhao Youfang, responsible for moving, resupply, and retrieving arrows and javelins.

The third was the collection group, headed by advanced tailor Mu Qingsi, responsible for the collection of beast corpses and fur.

The last group was the cooking group, twenty people headed by senior cook Gu Sanniang, responsible for everyone’s food and drinking water supply.

In this way, Shanhai’s human resources were being deployed to their limit. Ouyang Shuo’s inner idea was that this war would be fought and won with proper organization and logistics.

Establishing a sound and efficient organization and leadership system, coupled with a scientific and rational logistics system, would be the key to winning this battle.



It was 7:30 AM, and all the villagers of Shanhai took their breakfast, and under the leadership of their captains, went off to their respective posts.

Ouyang Shuo was standing on the left side of the north gate, next to the tower there. Next to him was the second team of the cavalry team, led by San Gouzi.

“Sire, when will the beastwave start?” San Gouzi asked, a bit edgy.

“Soon, no more than half an hour before they appear at the edge of the territory.”



At 8 AM, a system announcement burst out, right on time!

“World Announcement: The Mandatory Global Territory Defense Quest - Siege of Beasts, has officially opened! Regional, national and global rankings are also opening at the same time! Best wishes to the Lords for victory!”

“World Announcement: The Mandatory Global Territory Defense Quest - Siege of Beasts, has officially opened! Regional, national and global rankings…."

“World Announcement: The Mandatory Global Territory Defense Quest - Siege of Beasts…."



In less than a minute following the triple announcement, smoke was rising from the distant top of a sentry tower.

At the edge of the territory where Ouyang Shuo couldn’t see, thousands of wild dogs, under a wild dog king, were rushing out of the woods, heading down towards Shanhai Village to kill everyone.

Wild dogs were only level 3 beasts, but were also the most numerous of the wild beasts. The elite dogs were level 5, while the wild dog king was a Boss and level 8.

The aggressive group of wild dogs had just entered the territory of Shanhai Village, and smashed head on into the first ring of defense. Countless traps were stepped on by the reckless wild dogs. Each pit was three meters long, a meter wide, and a full three meters deep, with the bottom filled with sharp wooden stakes. In their tight and intense formation, the wild dogs got their bitter fill of the defense rings as each trap each claimed four or five of them.

From the edge of the village to the village, it was simply a road of blood and tears for the dogs. Every step along the way, another trap seemed to open up to claim a toll of flesh and blood.

By the time they could see the gates of Shanhai Village, the nearly two thousand wild dogs had been reduced to less than half of that. Fortunately, the dogs had no thoughts of escaping, showing how deep their resentment of the village and its lord ran.

Four hundred meters away from the village, the surviving wild dogs split into two packs, heading towards the north and west gates. Ouyang Shuo hadn’t expected this! The main force, under the wild dog king, headed straight for the western gate. The remaining three hundred or so, under the leadership of elite wild dogs, headed for the north gate.

Behind the fence of the northern gate, Militia Team Two’s people stood as a team under the leadership of Zhao Dewang, waiting for the command to attack. At the foot of each villager were javelins stuck in the ground, ready to be thrown.

Ouyang Shuo stood on the tower, watching the huge pack of wild dogs close in. When they reached 150 meters out, he didn’t hesitate to start shooting with his bow, directly hitting an elite wild dog. His move was the starting gun. The cavalry team lined up on both sides of the towers with drawn bows aimed at the elite dogs, and immediately shot as well.

After a round of shooting, the number of elite dogs remaining was almost none. After shooting his first arrow, Ouyang Shuo lowered his bow, staring at the dogs and calculating their range.

When the pack was only sixty meters away, he immediately waved his flag. Zhao Dewang, watching Ouyang Shuo closely and seeing him wave the flag, immediately turned and shouted, “Throw!”

The reserve team immediately hurled out the javelins waiting in their hands over the fence. Immediately they picked up a second javelin stuck in the ground next to them, and did not hesitate to throw another volley. With repeated volleys, the dogs, barely sixty meters away, suffered three rounds of javelin attacks, and were almost wiped out.

With this, the second team of the cavalry, led by San Gouzi, burst out of the north gate and went after the dogs in a burst of slaughter. In less then ten minutes, the entire northern pack of wild dogs was annihilated.



At this time, Ouyang Shuo could hear the sounds of the system announcement going off in his ears.

“Regional Announcement: Liuzhou area Xiaogang Village failed to resist the beast attack, its name is expunged!”

…………...

“Regional Announcement: Lianzhou area Rich Village failed to resist the beast attack, its name is expunged!”

…………...

“Regional Announcement: Guilin area Green Water Village failed to resist the beast attack, its name is expunged!”

…………...



This was only the first wave of the attacking packs. Many villages did not manage to resist and were destroyed by the packs, their territories removed. After these players resurrected, they could only choose to reincarnate in personal adventure mode to continue their game career, the option of being a lord completely removed from them.

Having no time to feel for the fate of luckless others, Ouyang Shuo told the logistics department to rush outside and collect as many of the javelins as possible so they could be thrown again. After that, he rushed alone to the west side to see the situation over there.

By the time he reached the western gate, the fighting was almost over. Although nearly 700 dogs attacked, they were quickly eliminated, mainly by the cavalry waiting in ambush by the mining field.

They had waited until receiving a signal from the sentinel in the tower, indicating when the dog pack had clustered around the western gate. Suddenly thirty cavalry led by Lin Yi hit the pack from behind, shooting and trampling the dogs as they surrounded the pack. Combined with the barrage from inside, the dogs were soon eliminated.

The wild dog king was personally beheaded by General Shi, dropping a booklet. Shou took it from him to look over, found it was a Silkworm Breeding Technology manual. It was a good thing, but unfortunately right now he had neither mulberry leaves nor silkworms, so it would be difficult to use in the short term.

After this wave of attacks, Ouyang Shuo’s level shot up like a rocket to 22. And that was with each level after 20 becoming more and more difficult to achieve.

Seeing the western gate intact, Ouyang Shuo’s heart eased. He rode over to the eastern door, finding that only thirty wild dogs had attacked there. With no pressure, the attack was easily solved.

His inspection finished, Ouyang Shuo did not delay and rode back to the north gate quickly. He was expecting the second tide of the beastwave to begin soon!



* * *





Chapter 30




Chapter 30

Chapter 30 - Siege of Beasts, Part Three



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: RED



Back at the northern gate, the logistics department had done an excellent job cleaning up the area, and the door was closed again. Ouyang Shuo once again climbed to the top of the tower.

In less than two minutes, he again saw smoke in the distance.

The time, it was wolves. Nearly a thousand wolves under the leadership of their king quietly rushed out of the woods, heading to Shanhai Village. Wolves were level 4, with a large population. Their elites were 6th level, while the pack king was a level 9 Boss.

Like the first wave of wild dogs, the wolves did not escape the nightmare of the defending traps. As the saying goes, even cunning prey cannot escape if a fine hunter sets a trap. Even with the wolves’ cunning nature, they also sustained heavy casualties passing the four consecutive rings of traps. Eventually, the wolves remaining to attack the village numbered less than six hundred.

However, the wolves were, in the end, wolves. More cunning than the dogs, after reaching the village they did not divide their numbers, but went instead straight to the western gate together. This unexpected tactic once again gave Ouyang Shuo a surprise.

With the wolves’ running speed, moving the militia to help out the western gate would be too little, too late. Ouyang Shuo could only gnash his teeth and tell Militia Reserve Team Two to stay put. Ouyang Shuo and second squad of the cavalry dashed immediately out of the gate to circle around and meet up with the other teams stationed by the mining field. Together, they would ambush the wolves in a bigger formation.

By the time Ouyang Shuo led the team there, the remnants of the wolves were about to climb the fence. He saw Lin Yi leading the other three squads in, riding hard. The two groups immediately moved to pincer the wolves between them, like two blades thrusting deep.

This time, the advantages of mounted archers were displayed. Before the cavalry even reached them, bow fire had paralyzed the wolves’ command system.

Although wolves were ferocious fighters, they had no defense to speak of in the face of fast attacking cavalry. With fragile bones, they could be stomped to death by a pair of hooves riding over them.

Even if they escaped the trampling crush of the horses, the soldiers could easily kill them. After all, they were only level 4.

Twenty minutes later, the wolves were finally destroyed, with Lin Yi having stabbed the pack king to death. The lead wolf dropped a small surprise for Ouyang Shuo.



Space Stone (small): After using this item, the storage capacity of your supply bag is increased to 10 cubic meters.



A player’s initial storage space was only a cubic meter in size. In order to enhance the capacity of the space, you could only use a space stone. Space stones were divided into small, medium, large, and giant sizes. Respectively, this represented 10 cubic meters, 100 cubic meters, 1000 cubic meters, and 10,000 cubic meters.

Ouyang Shuo directly used this, and watched his storage bag’s capacity immediately increased to 10 cubic meters.

During this whole time, the regional announcements did not stop. More and more territories fell, their names stricken from the rolls.



"Regional Notice: Dongchuan area Peach Blossom village failed to resist the beast attack, its name is expunged!"

…………...

"Regional Notice: Wuding District Baiyun Village failed to resist the beast attacks, its name is expunged!"

…………...

"Regional announcement: Lianzhou area Surabaya village failed to resist the mass of herds attack, its name is expunged!"

…&h

ellip;……...



Ouyang Shuo took note of this. At this time, seven villages had fallen in the Lianzhou Basin area, their names taken off the list. There were a little under a hundred villages in the Basin originally. The quest was only half over, nearly a tenth of the lords were gone. The pain of this mandatory quest could be seen quite clearly.

This time, there were actually some wounded from the brief contact between the wolves and members of the militia reserve . Fortunately, the medical team members were standing by with Dr. Song to see to them.

Cleaning the battlefield was the responsibility of the logistics department, Ouyang Shuo did not tarry. He led the second squad back to the northern gate quickly.

Five minutes later, smoke rose to signal the alarm once again.

Horn of war, blows again!

The third beastwave was the level 5 boar group. Their elites were level 8, while the wild boar king was a level 10 Boss.

Speaking of wild boars, this could be a big issue for Shanhai Village. Ouyang Shuo had killed the previous wild boar king, its mate, and stolen their entire group of piglets!

This time, in order to take revenge for the previous wild boar king, the new generation had convened a horde more than four hundred meters across, leading nearly three thousand boars to Shanhai to take revenge.

Given the size of the boars were bulky, and the layout of the traps was extremely effective against them. Unfortunately, the preceding two waves of dogs and wolves had already triggered half of the traps. So after forcing their way through the rings of traps, the whole setup was mostly destroyed, and yet still more than two thousand boars were left behind. The next wave of beasts wouldn’t have to enjoy the hospitality of the traps.



400 meters from the village, the boars separated into two herds, heading for the north and western gates. They had the potential to bring Shanhai to ruin.

Ouyang Shuo looked at nearly a thousand boars heading towards the north gate, and his heart was bitter. This was a true cycle of causality, and the harvest of retribution was really bad.

Passive defense would not be enough. Shou came down the tower, called Zhao Dewang over, and put the flag into his hand, ordering him to head up the tower and take command.

“Captain Zhao, I pass over command to you. I have only one request, and that is you must hold for the arrival of reinforcements. You are the line of defense.”

Zhao Dewang’s scalp was tingling, looking a bit shellshocked. Heavens knew, before now, he wasn’t even official militia, and now he was in command?

Ouyang Shuo saw his nervousness, patted his shoulder and said gently, “Captain Zhao, do not be nervous, I believe you have the ability.”

Dewang did not say anything, but merely nodded his head.

This was an emergency, and Shou did not have the time to order everyone about. He rode out of the north gate with the second squad of cavalry. His plan was very simple: Use the advantages of the cavalry team, take the initiative, and split the numbers of wild boars to take the pressure off of the militia.

Before the wild boars could complete their encirclement, Ouyang Shuo and his team successfully broke out. Seeing a group of humans escaping seemed to drive the boars into a frenzy. The elites immediately split the herd, and half the boars made a U-turn to chase madly after the escaping cavalry.

As a direct result, the pressure on the northern gate was immediately reduced. Zhao Dewang stood on the tower, staring at the incoming pigs. When they were sixty meters away, he waved the flag and shouted, “THROW!”

With three consecutive volleys of javelin tossing, close to three hundred boards were instantly killed. Still, more than two hundred boars rushed to the fence. Zhao Dewang seemed to have been infected by the atmosphere of the battlefield, and rushed down the tower. He lifted a javelin in his hands, shouting, “Brothers, with me!”

He then rushed forward to engage the boars in close melee. Infected by his example, the militia reserve roared and charged to keep up, meeting the boars at the fence line.



Unfortunately, the number of militia units was limited, and in their hands a simple wooden javelin was not that dangerous. In less than five minutes, injuries began to accrue. Several times the boars almost broke through the fence, and the militia barely stopped them.

Zhao Dewang felt they were running out of time very fast, when finally the figures of the cavalry appeared in the distance, nearly fifty of them. Two volleys of arrows came streaking in, and the remaining wild pigs there were wiped clean away.

Behind the cavalry was the wild boar group that Ouyang Shuo had lured away. The cavalry rushed into the village, dismounted, and readied arrows for the incoming boars.

Seeing the rescue team arrive, the morale of the militia immediately rose, and they returned to their original positions. Once again, when the pigs arrived at the 60 meter mark, they did not hesitate to throw their javelins out.

With close to 100 members of the militia, plus almost all of the cavalry, the fate of the boars was sealed. The remaining boars had no defense, and soon were shot dead.

Ouyang Shuo finally breathed a sigh of relief. This wave had scared him too much. He walked over to Zhao Dewang’s side, patted his shoulder, smiled and said, “Captain Zhao, you did a great job. I heard your deeds have been heroic, just like a true man!”

Zhao Dewang smiled in relief. “The situation was urgent, I did not think much. Anyways, we could not let those beasts rush into our village.”

“Well, the fence is the last line of defense for our village, we must hold here,” Ouyang Shuo agreed solemnly.

He went to middle of the town to visit the injured. This time, more than 20 villagers had been injured, a heavy loss. In addition, one person was severely injured, his left hand bitten almost completely off by a wild pig.

Ouyang Shuo told the medical group to help the truly wounded back to the hospital for treatment. As for the minor injuries, as long as it did not affect them throwing a javelin, after their injuries were dressed, they returned to their posts. Ouyang Shuo could not forget that they still had one more beastwave to deal with.

Sure enough, after less than ten minutes of rest, the distant smoke from a sentry tower rose again.



The last wave of beasts was the most powerful. They were level 6 buffalos, their elites were level 10, while their king was a level 12 Boss. In front of this herd, most of the traps had already been destroyed. Except for an occasional loss, the traps didn’t form much of a threat to the incoming herd.

Still, even with a bull’s huge and robust body, the pits could be a threat, but there simply weren’t enough of them left. So, by the time nearly a thousand head of buffalo had wandered through the four rings of pit traps, the herd still numbered more than nine hundred.

Similar to the previous waves, the buffalo divided their force to attack the north and western gates. The northern gate’s force numbered less than three hundred head.

Although this last wave’s herd was extremely strong, Ouyang Shuo was not worried. He still had his trump card of the killer fire array, but had not used it yet, leaving it ready for this last wave.

In his ear constantly sounded the system announcements of territories fallen, but none that had resisted the Siege of Beasts. This showed that Shanhai’s efficiency in eliminating the beastwaves was actually pretty high.

Ouyang Shuo stood on the tower, calmly watching the bulls charging towards the fence. When they reached 50 meters from the fence, he lit a readied fire arrow. Hissing fiercely, the fire arrow was accurately fired down into the trench filled with hot oil.

It took merely seconds for the two hundred meter ditch to fill up with fire. The foremost bulls charged right into the flames and bawled endlessly as they burned. Behind them, the rest of the buffalo pulled up in fright at the sight of the flames.

At this time, the militia’s javelins and the crossbows of the cavalry descended like a wave of death, volley after volley coming down on the cattle that had come to a complete stop.

In less than ten minutes, the buffalo outside the north gate were completely eliminated. As for the western gate, Ouyang Shuo was not worried at all. He knew there was an even more powerful fire array set up there.

Sure enough, even before Ouyang Shuo could rush over to the western gate, a burst of pleasant system music sounded in his ear with another announcement.

“World Announcement: Congratulations to Shanhai Village in China. Under the leadership of its lord, it has succeeded in resisting the Siege of Beasts, and is now ranked first in the world!”

“World Announcement: Congratulations to Shanhai Village in China...”

“World Announcement: Congratulations...”



The triple announcement started a global outcry. This time, Ouyang Shuo was truly going to be famous...



* * *





Chapter 31




Chapter 31

Chapter 31 - Ranking



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Levs



Even Ouyang Shuo couldn’t believe that Shanhai Village turned out to be the first village in the world to successfully resist the Siege of Beasts. The alchemical fire oil had really wrought a miracle.

Because it was a worldwide quest, the rewards would wait until all the lords had finished the quest before they were issued. With the free time, Ouyang Shuo went to the west gate to look over the situation there.

Along the west side of the village near the gate, the fire array was still burning. The fire array had basically trapped the buffalo herd inside a large trap, albeit without using spikes. Cattle corpses with arrows and javelins sticking out of them were everywhere. Even the buffalo king had been directly killed by General Shi with a bow and arrow with no way of fighting back.

Ouyang Shuo told the Logistics Department to fill the ditch of hot oil with soil and extinguish the fire. If they just waited for it to go out, he had no idea how long it might take.

After the fires had been put out, he walked out in the array, stopping next to the body of the boss buffalo to see what items had fallen. Picking it up, a look told him that it was a Buffalo Domestication Skill manual.

This was a really good thing. The animal breeding in his territory would usher in a whole new era of development!

Ouyang Shuo immediately called Lin Yi, telling him to take forty cavalry, and fly along the path that the herd of cattle had come from. They were to take full advantage of the lack of danger in the wilderness and to capture as many small buffalo as possible, bringing them back to be domesticated.

With the mobility of the cavalry, rounding up the smaller cattle and herding them into a group together to bring them back to the village should not be a problem.

Similarly, he called on San Gouzi, and had him lead the Second Squad and 30 Team militia reserves, and head back in the direction the wild boars had come from. They were to look for piglets. Although he already had a dozen of them, that was far below the numbers he would need to seriously establish a pig farm. Why not take advantage of this great opportunity to catch enough piglets at once and expand the scale of his pig farming?

Waiting until the two teams were on their way, Ouyang Shuo also called over the Construction Division secretary, Zhao Dewang. “Secretary Zhao, I have two tasks to give the Construction Division!”

“Lord, please tell me!” As long as it was about building things, the secretary is not worried about anything.

“First, as soon as you can organize the staff, on the west side of the village we need to build a large cattle pen and pig sty. This will ensure that when the cavalry teams bring back the young cattle and pigs, they have somewhere to live.

“Second, work with the Material Reserves Division to clean up and fill in the pit traps. The animal corpses in the pits are the responsibility of the Material Reserves Division, and filling them in is the responsibility of the Construction Division, restore the original appearance of the land. Remember, do not miss any of the traps. Otherwise, catching some of our people wandering around would be a really bad joke,” Ouyang Shuo said seriously.

Zhao Dewang looked serious and said firmly, “I guarantee it will be done right!”

At this time, General Shi came over to him, smiled, and handed him an object. It was the thing the wild boar king had dropped.

Ouyang Shuo examined it, finding out it was a talisman. Such a talisman was a trump card, the kind of thing that if you used it at a key moment, it could save your life.

[ Talisman of Blood Thirsting ]: After using this, you enter into a bloodthirsty rage. Your combat power is dou

bled for half an hour. After the rage expires, you will be weakened for two days.

During this period of time, he was constantly hearing more system announcements. Most of the lord players had failed and their territories were removed from the lists. But then finally came another success, and one after another, names were filling the the world ranking lists.

“World announcement: Congratulations to the Free Village of the United States! Under the Leadership of their Lord Jeff Dawson, they have succeeded in fighting off the Siege of Beasts, and are ranked second in the world!”

……

“World announcement: Congratulations to the Handan Village in China! Under the Leadership of their Lord Di Chen, they have succeeded in fighting off the Siege of Beasts, and are ranked fourth in the world!”

……

“World announcement: Congratulations to the Vic Village of France! Under the Leadership of their Lord Henry, they have succeeded in fighting off the Siege of Beasts, and are ranked tenth in the world!”

……

In less than an hour, the top ten of the world charts were set. Ouyang Shuo looked at the world list. The only difference in it from his past life was that Canada’s Maple Leaf Village was not there, having been squeezed out of the top ten as a direct result of his own appearance.

1st - China - Shanhai Village - Qiyue Wuyi

2nd - The United States - Free Village - Jack Dawson

3rd - Russia - St. Petersburg - Pushkin

4th - China - Handan Village - Di Chen

5th - Germany - Rhine Village - Manstein

6th - Japan - Sanli Village - Honda Keisuke

7th - India - Bengalore Village - Durava

8th - Britain - Avic Fort - William

9th - South Korea - Ulsan Village - Park Wins

10th - France - Vic Village - Henry



Because of the emergence of Ouyang Shuo, the top ten list of the world now had two Lords from the same country. Suddenly, the Chinese scene looked very different.

At this moment, near Handan Village, a handsome young man was staring at the world rankings, his expression gloomy. He was the lead of the Handan Six Tyrants, Di Chen. Next to him was sitting a peerlessly beautiful woman, named Juedai Fenghua. Nobody except Di Chen was aware of her identity in reality.

In the past life, out of the women on China’s top ten beauty billboard, she was ranked second from the top. The first was the only woman lord player in Handan Six Tyrants, Feng Qiuhuang.

Juedai Fenghua was not a vase on a pedestal. Di Chen considered her his first counselor. Anyone who underestimated her wisdom would not have a good ending.

“You said that this Qiyue Wuyi was not merely lucky?” Juedai Fenghua asked.

Di Chen frowned, hesitantly admitting, “His identity, I am afraid no one knows yet. But for Shanhai Village, I have some conjectures.”

“Oh? What kind of thoughts?” Feng Huajue seemed a little surprised.

“I heard my father mention something about the village order. He said, that in order to balance out your privileged players, gold-level village tokens were hidden in the village build task,” Di Chen told her uncertainly. After all, the news about the inner workings of the game were very confidential, outsiders could only hear rumors.

“If you do not remember, he was the seventh in China to build a player village. From the opening of the game, it took him less than two hours. That is, he should be the fastest player to actually complete building a village. With that speed, his task completion rate should not be so high,” Juedai Fenghua analyzed, somewhat hesitant.

“No matter what, this time Handan Village did not even enter the top three of the world, instead some nobody from nowhere had claimed the throne. This is a great blow to our prestige, and I am afraid that the rats, those who are ready to act will become restless.”

Juedai Fenghua laughed gently. “Those rats will never be enough for the real stage.”

Di Chen was silent. This was truth, but difficult to swallow.

Following this, China’s rankings were also officially released. Unsurprisingly, almost everyone from the previous forecast on the forums was on the list.

What left Ouyang Shuo dumbfounded was that the person he had ‘stolen’ the gold-level village token from, Xunlong Dianxue, was actually on the list, having been second on it in his previous life. Because Ouyang Shuo had entered the world list, Xunlong Dianxue had come in twelfth and received the tenth prize. How fate made it happened, was difficult to say.

1st - Dali - Shanhai Village - Qiyue Wuyi

2nd - Jingdu - Handan Village - Di Chen

3rd - Xiangyang - Pill Sun Village - Chun Shenjun

4th - Chengdu - Swordsman Village - Feng Qingyang

5th - Luoyang - Fallen Phoenix Village - Feng Huajue

6th - Xianyang - Asura Village - Sha Pojun

7th - Jianye - Blood Red Village - Zhan Lang

8th - Quanzhou - King Village - Xiongba

9th - Chang’an - Fallen Leaves Village - Wandering Magic

10th - Jingdu - Stone Village - Wu Fu

11th - Dali - Consonance Village - Baihua

12th - Quanzhou - Seeking Dragon Village - Xunlong Dianxue

Description: Because there are two China players in the world ranking, the rankings were automatically extended by two.



Out of the list of 12 lords, the one Ouyang Shuo was most concerned about was the other lord in Dali. Consonance village lord was the legendary Chinese electronic sports star, Baihua.

According to the news in his past life, Baihua should be the same as him, a civilian player. To achieve results like this truly showed her strength. As she also ranked in the top three of Chinese beauties, as well as being a master player, Baihua’s appeal in the player groups was very powerful.

Also in the previous game, Baihua was not alone. Three years ago, she established her own game studio - Consonance Studio. The core members of the studio were all beautiful women. In addition to Baihua, there was Zi Luolan, Hong Ying, and Tsing Yi.

An hour later, Dali’s regional rankings were finally released. This really showed the difference in the local lords’ abilities.

1 - Lianzhou area - Shanhai Village - Qiyue Wuyi

2 - Kunming area - Consonance Village - Baihua

3 - Sishui Area - Liangshan Village - Zhanxingji Land

4 - Liuzhou area - Floating Village - Fluttering Liu

5 - Lianzhou area - Broken Blade Village - Pa Knife

6 - Tengyue Area - Ancient Village - QinHan Siyuan

7 - Lianzhou Area - Mulan Village - Mulan Yue

8 - Guilin Area - Vest Village - Passers-by

9 - Dongchuan Area - Villains Villager - Villains Must Die

10 - Wuding Area - Famous Village - Written in the World

11 - Chuxiong Area - Wuli Village - Li Xiaobo

12 - Lianzhou Area - Windy Days Village - Xiaofeng Moon

Note: Because Dali had two players enter the national list for China, the list has been extended by two.

In the Dali regional list, the Lords of the Lianzhou Basin had four people in the rankings, accounting for a third of them. In addition to Ouyang Shuo, the three major overlords from his previous life were all represented here.

After the last of the three lists was released, there was a burst of music in Ouyang Shuo’s ear again.



“System Tip: Congratulations to player Qiyue Wuyi for leading Shanhai Village to resist the Siege of Beasts and completing the mandatory defensive quest. Your quest rewards follow…

“System Tip: Player Qiyue Wiyu, for making it into the top three of the world list, you have achieved a reward of 3000 merit points, 600 gold coins, and a random secret building!

“System Tip: Your random secret building has been selected - Recruitment Hall! Your building has automatically been generated in your territory, please inspect it!”



Oh God, it was actually the Recruitment Hall! Ouyang Shuo had a feeling of ascending to heaven. In his view, the combined merit points and gold coins could not even match the value of the Recruitment Hall!



* * *





Chapter 32




Chapter 32

Chapter 32: Recruitment Hall



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun



The Recruitment Hall was located in his educational and cultural district, next to the private school.

Name: Recruitment hall

Type: Secret Class Building

Function: Randomly recruit a special talent every month, randomly recruit a historical talent every year.

Features: Special talent attraction rate increased by 20%; Reputation of the territory is increased by 5%.

Description: This is a specially designed hiring location. Recruiting a special talent costs 10 gold coins. Recruiting a historical talent costs 100 gold coins. Recruitment chances cannot be accumulated, and can expire.



It was worthy of it being known as the secret class building that was comparable to a God-level equipment. Its properties’ descriptions were simple yet strong. It acted like a gravity stone, attracting and providing steady streams of talents to the territory.

Special talent attraction rate increased by 20%: This is comparable to the gold level attraction ability of Shanhai Village. After the two abilities are summed, the ability to attract special talents increases by 40%.

Territory reputation increased by 5%: This was a rarer feature, so far found only in the similar secret class building, the Mazu Temple. Even a gold level village did not have such a feature built into it.

The most intuitive power was the recruiting function. This was a loved or hated power. Loved, because it made it easy to recruit special talents and historical talents. Hated, because of the high recruitment costs.

Gold on hand was precious stuff, and bringing it up brought forth bitter tears. Even with Ouyang Shuo being so lucky, and the Handan Six Tyrants being so powerful, they never had too much loose gold on hand.

If he hadn’t had the world’s award of 600 gold coins, Ouyang Shuo wouldn’t have considered using the Hall at all. He would’ve rather wasted the opportunity to recruit than spend precious gold on recruiting talents.

From the outside, the Recruitment Hall was only an ordinary wooden building. There were no carvings on the walls, nor did it use fine woods. The main difference was that the workmanship was unusually fine compared to the other buildings in the village.

He opened the doors of the main hall. Hanging on the walls around him were twelve portraits of the ancient sages. That is, Confucian-style saints, and also hermits like Zhulin Qixian.

There was a binding location next to a wooden sign, with a handprint on it for him. Ouyang Shuo put his hand in the there, then came the spurring of a system prompt.

“System Notification: Congratulations to player Qiyue Wuyi for opening the Recruitment Hall. The first time you open the Recruitment Hall, you automatically get a chance to recruit a special talent and an opportunity for a historic talent. Do you wish to recruit anyone?”

“Recruit special talent!”

“System Tip: Congratulations to player Qiyue Wuyi for successfully recruiting a special talent - an advanced winemaker! 10 gold coins are automatically being deducted.”

A white light flashed, and a middle-aged man came out of nowhere before Ouyang Shuo. He bowed in salute, respectfully saying, “Civilian Du greets sire!”

“Master Du, please!” Ouyang Shuo guided Master Du to the side, before once again placing his hand.

“System Tip: You still have a remaining opportunity to recruit historical talent. Do you wish to recruit?”

“Recruit please!”

“System Tip: Congratulations to player Qiyue Wiyu for successfully recruiting the king-level historical figure Fan Zhongyan! 100 gold coins are automatically deducted.”

As the white ligh

t flashed, a middle-aged scholar arrived from nowhere. “Mr. Xi Wen greets the lord!” he said immediately.

Ouyang Shuo quickly stepped forwards, his hands virtually supporting the other man, sincerely saying, “It is good you came so quickly, there is much to do!”

He took them out of the recruitment hall, assessing Fan Zhongyan as he did so.

Name: Fan Zhongyan (aka Xi Wen) (King Level)

Title: Great Scholar

Dynasty: The Northern Song Dynasty

Identity: Shanhai Villager

Occupation: Civil Servant

Loyalty: 45 points

Command: 45

Force: 30

Intelligence: 75

Political: 80

Features: Awe-inspiring righteousness (enhances territorial integrity by 40%); Worries about the land (enhances territorial efficiency by 20%); Gracious (enhances the humanist level of the territory by 15%)

Evaluation: The Northern Song Dynasty was famous for thinkers, politicians, military strategists, writers, fine culture, and geniuses. Xian, placed people's happiness before his and took care of their worries first.



Coming back to the Lord’s manor, Ouyang Shuo called in Er Wazi, told him to go find the secretaries and invite them to the chamber, as there were matters to discuss. He personally led Fan Zhongyan into the chamber to chat.

Although Fan Zhongyan was a civilian, his literary attainments were high. Even at the level of a chat, Ouyang Shuo felt more than a little overwhelmed: his knowledge of the classics was not high enough. He could only keep up with the principle of staying silent and saying nothing wrong, while being a good listener.

In less than twenty minutes the division chiefs had arrived. Mu Qing Si also followed Cui Yingyu in to join the fun. Ouyang Shuo cheerfully opened the meeting, saying, “The war to defend the village has just ended, and I know that you are very busy. In order not to delay everyone, I will cut a long story short.”

He took a look at Fan Zhongyan. “Sitting next to me is Mr. Fan Zhongyan(Xi Wen), man of wide-knowledge. Let us welcome him and get to know each other.”

Everyone greeted him naturally. There was naturally a great respect for scholars of his caliber from the secretaries. Except for Gu Xiuwen and Cui Yingyu, the others were basically born as peasants. Zhao Dexian, who was more knowledgeable, could only recognize a few words, let alone the others.

“I have decided to set up an Administration Department to take charge of all of the day to day governmental affairs in the territory. The Material Reserves Division will still operate independently. The Construction Division, the Reclamation Division, the Salt Pan Division, and the Household Registration Office will all be moved under the jurisdiction of the Administration Department.”

“I am appointing Mr. Zhongyan as the Director of Administration, managing the daily affairs of the active territory as Chief of the Civil Service. At the same time, I will also be moving the post of the Secretary of the Salt Fields Division to him.”

Fan Zhongyan had the experience of managing salt pans in the past, therefore, Ouyang Shuo was rest assured with him managing the salt fields. After all, he himself couldn’t leave the territory, while the salt pans would be slowly expanding outside the territory. He really had no way to manage the salt pans himself.

Fan Zhongyan flew to his feet. “Xi Wen thanks the lord for his trust, I will not disappoint you!”

“Gu Xiuwen, I hereby appoint you as the director assistant, your main duty is to assist the Director of Administration in handling the day to day government affairs, and will still be in charge of household registration,” Ouyang Shuo went on.

His arrangements were naturally made in the hope that Gu Xiuwen would be learning from Scholar Zhongyan of his ability and experience in government affairs.

“Zhao Dewang, Deputy Secretary of the Construction Department, in this battle for our village, you have had an outstanding performance, and fought well. You are officially promoted to Secretary of Construction.”

Zhao Dewang excitedly voiced his thanks and gratitude. His office finally matched his duties. Wearing the title of Deputy Secretary while doing the job of a Secretary did not sit well with him. Now, the load was off his shoulders.

“For the rest of our personnel in dealing with this adjustment, I hope you will help the new director out diligently. I am well aware of your performances. For those who have done well, I will never be stingy in rewarding you.”

Mu Qingsi, seated behind Cui Yingyu while watching Ouyang Shuo issue orders, leaned forwards and said in a conspiratorial whisper, “Big brother looks so handsome when dealing with governmental affairs.”

Cui Yingyui inadvertently blushed as she swept Ouyang Shuo a glance, her heart suddenly beats harder and a trace of color flashing up her cheek. In order to cover her panic, she turned and hit Mu Qingsi on the head, with a strong smile saying, “Little girl, your big sister brought you over here to make you familiar with government, not to talk about big brother’s appearance. You are so naughty.”

Yingyu knew Mu Qingsi was young, but she was intelligent and serious while working. She wanted to cultivate Mu Qingsi more to enter the civil service such that she could help her in the Material Reserves Division in the future. She did not expect her little sister’s mind to be totally elsewhere.

“Governmental stuff is so boring. Oh, I don’t like it, I just want to be a small tailor, hee hee!” This was a heart of purity. No wonder she had progressed so quickly in the tailoring field.

Cui Yingyu went silent upon hearing this, knowing that her civil servant training plan was dead before it had gotten off the floor.

Ouyang Shuo noted the little tricks of this prankster, and sent a cool look her way. Mu Qingsi instantly straightened up and transformed into a proper young lady, obediently sitting in the back and was motionless, also exaggerating a bit with a small hand over her mouth. Her large eyes met his with an innocent expression in them.

He reluctantly smiled slightly, no longer caring about her, and turned back to the crowd. “The proceedings have ended; you may disperse. As soon as possible, finish the after-war cleaning up work.”

“Tomorrow morning, Shanhai Village will reach the full population. That means, as of tomorrow, Shanhai Village can be be upgraded to a grade 3 village. After the promotion to a grade 3 village, there will be more things to do. Therefore, you need to handle your tasks promptly, don’t leave extra works behind!”

Everyone there rose, bowed, and quickly departed.

Ouyang Shuo called over Gu Xiuwen, explaining to him that he should take Mr. Xi Wen around the territory to get a good grasp of the basic situation here, and help acclimate Mr. Xi Wen to Shanhai as part of his new family. In addition, he should arrange Mr. Xi Wen’s accommodations temporarily in the West Wing.

Shuo would also be handing over the winemaker, Du Chun, to Gu Xiuwen, and ordered Gu Xiuwen to make arrangements for the winemaker.

After all this, Ouyang Shuo headed back to his office. Now that the territory had Fan Zhongyan and General Shi, two major talents for the government and military, he now had more energy to devote to the development strategy of the territory.

After experiencing the Siege of Beasts defensive quest, Shanhai Village had surged in front of the world. His future operations, ensuring that the desired benefits were attained, would have to be carefully planned out.



* * *





Chapter 33




Chapter 33

Chapter 33 - Aftermath



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Levs



At 4 PM, Lin Yi was leading the riders that were bringing the cattle back.

They made a mighty sound as they rode back, because they were driving nearly a hundred calves with them. The little buffalo had lost their parents and were in a half-panic. Catching and herding them where the cavalry wanted them to go had not been difficult.

On the west side of the village, a row of pig stys and cattle pens had been built with the greatest speed possible. Ouyang Shuo stood aside next to Cui Yingyu. Watching the calves getting locked up in the cattle pens, he emitted a long sigh of relief, smiling and saying, “This is the beginning of a great development in our animal husbandry industry! I’ve been thinking, at this stage...I am planning to leave animal husbandry under Material Reserves Division’s care, are you confident that you can do it?”

Yingyu said, “Of course! Only, big brother, you favor too much on the Material Reserves Division. I am afraid the other divisions might have opinions…”

“What manner of views are you talking about? These are an important source of meat in the territory, and it should be under the Material Reserves Division as a type of counterpart management.”

“Big brother, you know that is not what I am saying. The Material Reserves Division now manages the lumber field, quarry, iron mine, granary, fishery, and animal husbandry, basically the entire supply chain of the territory. And in your adjustment this morning, the other divisions are now under the jurisdiction of the newly established Administration Department, only the Material Reserves Division operates independently. I am afraid of such a special status, and that some people will be jealous.”

With Yingyu saying this, Ouyang Shuo naturally considered things along her lines. Others would think that this arrangement was a result of their relationship, instead of why he had truly done these things. He hadn’t communicated with her clearly enough and considered the implications.

“So this is what you are worrying about, well I don’t see it as important. The territory is still in the stage of a mixed big pot, everything we produce is unified by the territory so as to store and distribute everything by degree of importance and need, instead of favoritism. This requires a trustworthy person, and I trust you....but this ends on the day the territory is privatized. At that time, the days of the Material Reserves Division will come to an end.

“At that time, I will readjust the Material Reserves Division. Some of the duties will still be independent of the Administration Division. Therefore, it is not advisable to simply allocate the Material Reserves Division to the Administration Division to avoid future conflicts.”

“Since big brother has thought the problem through, Yingyu is not worried.”



“Oh, yes, after processing all the bodies of the beasts from this morning, how was our harvest?” Ouyang Shuo asked with interest.

“First of all, meat. Wolf meat, dog meat, boar pork and beef are all edible. A wild dog or wolf is worth about 15 units of meat, a boar about 60 units, and 100 units of beef can be harvested off the buffalo. This time, we have collected about 310 thousand units of meat! The Material Reserves Division is ready to salt this meat and then store it. For a year’s time, we will not lack meat, and will even have a surplus.

“The second harvest was skins and furs. We collected more than 6500 animal skins. Damaged hides, we collected 4000. Ordinary hides were 1500 in number, 800 exquisite hides, and 200 perfect hides.” A thought struck her suddenly. “Oh, yes, little sister asked me before, how do yo

u wish to deal with these hides?”

Ouyang Shuo smiled. “This is easy to handle. The fine and delicate hides are to be handed over to Mu Qingsi to deal with as she wishes. The rest, first put into the warehouse to store them and wait until we privatize in the future, they will be distributed directly to the villagers.”

“Ah, little sister was worried about it, afraid that you would be sending so many furs to her for treatment, and afraid she would be too busy. Also, in addition to the meat and hides, there are things like grease, horns, tendons, and similar things.”

The meat, fur and other materials were in fact a hidden reward from the system for completing the quest. With the meat, they could greatly ease the food crisis for the territory that was soon to arrive. Whether if you could make full use of these gifts, that simply depends on your own abilities.

“The tendons, horns, and leathers are to be stored separately as strategic materials, they will be used in the production of armor and weapons as raw materials,” Ouyang Shuo reminded her after she mentioned them.



About this time, San Gouzi returned with his team. They had another half-dozen piglets with them to show to Ouyang Shuo.

Returning to the manor, he met Fan Zhongyan again, who had been led around the village by Gu Xiuwen, and just arrived back at the yard. Shuo said with a smile, “Ours is a just a simple little village, we’re sorry Mr Xi Wen had to endure it.”

“Shanhai Village, although only a grade 2 village, had a reasonable layout, well-planned and orderly, whether it was work areas, living areas, or industry, it was all well organized. This showed the potential of the village. Mr Xi Wen could only admire the man who had planned it all out.”

Getting praised by Fan Zhongyan was a definite achievement, and flattering. Being not a little proud of his work, and finally someone appreciating his work, gave his self-confidence a little boost.

Truthfully, his methods of setting up a village were not really original. A lot of them came from the painful groping of his predecessors, and constantly revising the results. He was standing on the shoulders of giants, combining their village designs with flexible applications.

“With your help, Mr. Xi Wen, I believe the administrative efficiency of Shanhai Village will be on an even higher level,” Shuo said in earnest.

Fan Zhongyan fell silent. In this regard, he didn’t have to be too modest.

Bidding farewell to Fan Zhongyan, Ouyang Shuo headed back to his office, spent an hour reading, and then logged out of the game.



Today was the weekend, Bing’er and Xiaoyue did not have to go to school. They did not go out today, but stayed together at home. Even after Ouyang Shuo had done his morning run and returned, the two pretty ladies were still sleeping in. He helplessly sighed and put their breakfast into the microwave.

Back in his bedroom, he opened up his handbrain, checking out the game forum.

On the forum headlines, naturally Shanhai Village making the #1 in the world was at the top of the discussion posts. This time the interest of the people was not just a passing thing, unlike the upgrade to grade 2 village. This time, not only the Chinese players, but those in other countries, were also wondering about the real identity of Qiyue Wuyi.

Many foreign players had come to the Chinese forum to inquire about Qiyue Wuyi. Unfortunately, the Chinese players themselves had no knowledge of Qiyue Wuyi, so they could only return empty-handed.

This time the comments were completely one-sided. Nobody was thinking that Qiyue Wuyi was simply lucky this time around.

1 - Qiyue Wuyi has reached the top, glory for China, congrats, congrats!

2 - Congratulations +1, keep up the pattern from below!

3 - Congratulations +2, Qiyue Wuyi, raging on the Six Tyrants of Handan, awesome!

4 - Mighty +1, heihei, There will be a good show coming up in China server!

5 - Onlookers +1, the Six Tyrants must be miserable, you are threatening their lead!

6 - Upstairs be careful of your words! I am Feng Qiuhuang, congratulations to Qiyue Wuyi for reaching first place, I look forward to cooperating with you!

7- Wow, the goddess is posting too!

8- Wife, come out to see the goddess ~~~~ oh, not the face!

9 - upstairs 2B, touchy the goddess…

10 - I am Chun Shenjun, congratulating Qiyue Wuyi for his success and reaching the top, looking forward to cooperating with you!

11 - The god of wealth comes and the evil goes!

12 - Qiyue Wuyi is really powerful and domineering, ah, the Six Tyrants of Handan are only so so!

13 - Qiyue Wuyi, seeking your contact information! This is my picture!

14 - Upstairs is a beauty, confirmed!

15 - Oh my god, another flower on a pile of shit…”

Seeing the messages of Feng Qiuhuang and Chun Shenjun, Ouyang Shuo wondered if he wasn’t seeing a crack in their hegemony, it seems they weren’t a piece of iron. Still, best to be silent and choose when to confront them at his discretion. They might be voicing support, but didn’t really want to cooperate with him.

For the representatives of the major powers, they’d been immersed in an environment of intrigues since childhood. Ouyang Shuo dealing with them would just be a mouse in their eyes.

Hence, he certainly would not be so silly, facing their short-term honey faces for their long term knives. In the face of intrigue, they were monsters, and only by absolute strength could he defeat them, the one and only king’s way he will follow.

Of course, before there were real conflicts of interest, he wasn’t going to take the initiative to stir up trouble. This time, the world quest had pushed him thoroughly to the edge. In China, such an environment was too exposed, it wasn’t not a good thing. Especially in the unstable early days.

He would have to show his strength at some point. He had to conserve his lead, concentrate on operations within his territory. Accumulation was the way to win.

Another hot topic on the forum caught his eye, the topic was interesting - Are you OUT of it? Ouyang Shuo looked at the poster’s ID, Bai Xiaosheng.

He laughed. Bai Xiaosheng was synonymous with China’s intellectuals. Nobody would try to fake this ID, or they’d be flamed in the forums without hesitation.

According to Bai Xiaosheng’s statistics, at least one quarter of the territories in the game were removed by the Siege of Beasts. It had taken luck to survive, and many of the territories had also suffered heavy losses.

It is not uncommon that the fence was broken and the manor destroyed. Some territories only had their manor survive, and were basically back to where they had been at the beginning. Fortunately, the damaged buildings could be rebuilt, they didn’t need to repurchase the blueprints, or the lords might go crazy.

According to Bai Xiaosheng’s inquiries, even the Six Tyrants of Handan had been subjected to varying degrees of damages. Ouyang Shuo was the only one who got away with his territory completely intact.

The greatest loss was the sharp decline in population. In a defensive warfare, without reliable fortifications, it would mean losses. In some territories, the losses includes losing half the population.

The totalled losses of people and buildings would greatly delay the progress of a territory towards the upgrade. Shuo estimated that there was not anyone who could compete with him for the grade 3 village upgrade ranking.



* * *





Chapter 34




Chapter 34

Chapter 34 - Grade 3 Village



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun



At 10 AM, Bing’er and Sun Xiaoyue finally got up. In the face of these two lazy bugs, Ouyang Shuo was helpless. He took the breakfast in the microwave and poured it into the trash. He headed downstairs, off to the supermarket to buy them something for brunch.

While they were eating, Xiaoyue gave Ouyang Shuo a puzzled look, and asked him, “Hey, big brother Ouyang Shuo. Yesterday I logged into the forum of that game you play, Earth Online, and saw them talking about the Handan Six hegemony. Are their real life identities really that strong and scary, or is it just not true?”

Ouyang Shuo was surprised, not expecting this line of heavy questioning or her curiosity, inadvertently saying, “Most of it is true.”

“This is so weird. With their background, why would all of them enter together? Is there some sort of secret behind it?” Her words began to burn with the soul of a gossip.

Ouyang Shuo’s heart was aflutter, but he pretended to be calm as he said, “Secret? This isn’t television, the game is the game, what secret?”

“Well, what do you know? I feel that you are a little strange, as if you understand the game a little too well…” Ouyang Shuo had to say, women’s intuitions were sometimes really scary.

“If you’re so curious, you should do something about it.”

“Come on, it’s a lot of money. I couldn’t ask for it from my family,” Xiaoyue said, still hesitant.

Ouyang Shuo coughed once. “In fact, I could loan you the money if you’re okay with it.”

Xiaoyue’s eyes instantly went wide open, blushing deeply. “Big brother, what did you say? Are you trying to flirt with me?”

Ouyang Shuo had just said something off the top of his head, causing her to misunderstand his intentions. In response he muttered, “What? Flirting with a girl with no chest and no ass?”

His eyes were wide open, unblinking. Xiaoyue looked down at her chest, blushed even more red, and loudly blurted out, “Pervert!”. And then, ignoring Ouyang Shuo, she buried herself in her food.

Bing’er, sitting on the side like a ghostly spirit, watched this little play with relish. This time, she turned to Ouyang Shuo, grinning, and said, “Brother, shame shame!”

Ouyang Shuo knocked on his little sister’s head. “Be good and finish your meal!”

After the meal, the three people were together on the sofa in the living room, watching a hit TV series. No one mentioned the topic at the dinner table. Ouyang Shuo certainly wasn’t going to force the topic!



***************************

Once again in the game world, the territory seemed quiet. Ouyang Shuo came into his office, and just as he entered, Gu Xiuwen came in. “Sire, I come to report!”

“Oh? About what?” Ouyang Shuo thought that something was strange. It was reasonable to say that with the establishment of the Administration Division, Xiuwen should’ve been reporting to Fan Zhongyan.

“This is the case. The influx of immigrants today was not the previous number of 15 people, but a full 52, suddenly jumping the population up over the 500 person ceiling. It was quite strange, so I came specifically to sire to report,” Gu Xiuwen explained.

Ouyang Shuo suddenly remembered why this happened. The design of the game was very realistic. Yesterday, nearly a quarter of the territories were destroyed by the battle. The survivors of those territories reappeared in the wilderness.

Overnight, the number of refugees in the wilderness had soared. In order to promptly process these people, the system had ar

ranged this higher influx event.

The number of people coming in with this event was based partly on territorial reputation. Shanhai village had the Mazu temple and the recruitment hall, these two special buildings to improve the reputation of his territory, which was a huge advantage here.

Ouyang Shuo calmly explained the cause and effect to Xiuwen. “This was something I expected to happen. The reason for this mass influx has its root in the siege defence from yesterday, there is nothing to be surprised about. I estimate that it will take a few days and then return to normal.”

“Very good! Now that the territory’s population is full, are we going to upgrade?”

“Naturally! Let’s go to the council chamber now.”

Ouyang Shuo walked into the council chamber at the heart of his manor. A white light flashed, and in the middle of the chamber, the golden heartstone of the village rose slowly from the ground. Pressing his right hand to the stone, the system prompts sounded.



“System Tip: Detecting Shanhai Village upgrade conditions…

“Condition 1: Minimum population of 500 people; Population is over the limit and has met the requirements!

“Condition 2: All required infrastructure must be complete; Infrastructure is complete and has met the requirements!

“Condition 3: The Lord must have a Title of at least First Grade Baron; The Lord has met the requirements!

“System Notification: Congratulations to player Qiyue Wuyi for establishing all the conditions to upgrade Shanhai Village! Do you wish to upgrade?”

“Yes!”



From the stone once again burst the golden light, a pillar rising high into the sky, turning into a massive golden halo that once again extended out to the new edges of his territory before disappearing.

“System Notification: Congratulations to player Qiyue Wuyi for becoming the first lord to upgrade to a Grade 3 Village! Your reward is 1100 merit points!”

“System Notification: Congratulations to player Qiyue Wuyi for becoming...”

“System Notification: Congratulations...”



This time, the players were not surprised by the system announcement. Compared to the miracle Shanhai Village had completed yesterday, this upgrade to a grade 3 village was nothing.

“System Tip: Congratulations to player Qiyue Wuyi for upgrading Shanhai Village to a Grade 3 Village! The Lord’s Manor will upgrade automatically! In addition, you can select one of three randomly selected buildings to add to your infrastructure!”

“System Notification: The selection of random buildings is completed! You may choose from the Weapons Workshop, the Basic Pottery Workshop, or the Wine Workshop, please choose!”

“I choose the Wine Workshop!”

“System notification: Building automatically generated, please take a look!”

A white light flashed, and with a quiet hum the gold heartstone once again slowly sank into the ground.

Territory: Shanhai Village (grade 3 village)

Lord: Qiyue Wiyu (First Class Viscount)

Title: None

Morale: 85

Security: 80

Territory population: 540/1000

Flow rate of immigrants: 10 * (1 + 50%) = 15 / day

Territory area: 100 square kilometers

Territorial characteristics: 50% increase attracting migrants, 20% increase in attracting special talents, 50% increase in crop production, 20% increase in production capacity of residents, 20% increase in military promotion, 10% increase in talent breakthroughs.

Treasury: 490 gold coins, 96 silver coins, 25 copper coins

Territory Resources: 1100 units of foods, 5200 units of wood, 900 units of stone, 500 units of iron ore

Territorial army: Crossbow Cavalry (50)

Territory Industry: Northern Salt Pan (500 acres)

Political index: 35/100 (determines administrative efficiency and relationship with the people)

Economic index: 15/100 (determines trade prosperity and ability to pay taxes)

Cultural index: 20/100 (represents the degree of educational development and quality of life of residents)

Military: 30/100 (indicates military strength and morale)

Existing Buildings: Village Level Lord’s Manor, Basic Market, Simple Fence, Village Dining Hall, Public Bathroom, Wooden Residential Small Courtyard (25), Intermediate Blacksmith, Basic Grocery, Basic Logging, Basic Quarry, Simple Farmland (2000 acres), Intermediate Barracks, Pigsty, Cattle Pen, Wood Workshop, Village Level Ancestral Hall, Advanced Hospital, Village Private School, Advanced Martial Arts Dojo, Village Granary, Advanced Tailor Shop, Basic Mining Field, Basic Arrow Tower (8), Stone Sentry Outpost (3), Stables (2)

Special Buildings: Ferry, Wharf, Basic Shipyard

Secret Buildings: Mazu Temple (sealed), the Recruitment Hall

List of Capital Construction Buildings:

Village Temple: The villagers believe in the land, this enhances their reverence.

Requirements: Village temple building blueprints, 400 wood, 350 stone.

Build time: 2 days. (Note: Built)

Weapons Workshop: Comprehensive weapons and armor manufacturing workshops, able to make ordinary weapons and armor.

Requirements: advanced blacksmith, weapons workshop building blueprints, 400 wood, 200 stone.

Build time: two days.

Basic Pottery Workshop: Can bake simple pottery products used in daily life.

Requirements: Simple potters, pottery workshop building blueprints, 200 wood, 500 stone.

Build time: 2 days

Mill: A place for grinding grains.

Requirements: 150 wood, 100 stone.

Build time: 1 day.

Mulberry Sheds: Planted mulberry plants.

Requirements: Mulberry seedlings, 400 wood, 100 stone.

Build time: 2 days.

Wine Workshop: Uses various kinds of food to brew all kinds of drinks.

Requirements: basic winemaker, wine workshop building blueprints, 400 wood, 200 stone.

Build time: 2 days. (Note: This building has been randomly generated)

Stone Sentry Outpost: Basic military facility with strong defense and early warning capabilities.

Requirements: 40 wood, 200 stone

Build Time: 1 day (Note: Built)

Stables: Where horses are quartered.

Requirements: stables building blueprints, 200 wood, 50 stone.

Build time: one day (Note: Built)



It looked like he had most of what he needed to build for a grade 3 village, but the mulberries would be a little more trouble. He would need to find mulberry seedlings, which was not something he could acquire through the Market. He would have to go out into the wilds and find wild mulberries, then transplant them.

The rest of the buildings, Shanhai shouldn’t have much of a challenge to make, it would seem that promoting to a township would be quite smooth. Of course, it was not so simple.

Ouyang Shuo knew that the village upgrade to a township was a major jump for the territory. In addition to the normal upgrade conditions, there were additional conditions. Namely, the four political, economic, military, and cultural index indicators had to reach at least 30 points each. Otherwise, the territory couldn’t be upgraded.



* * *





Chapter 35




Chapter 35

Chapter 35 - Privatization (1/2)



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun



After viewing the village stats, Ouyang Shuo told Gu Xiuwen to convene the principal officials to the meeting room to discuss something. The officials who were to attend the meeting, in addition to the chiefs and their deputies, were also to include all five cavalry sergeants and all the advanced technical talent of the territory.

After he left, Ouyang Shuo went to the administrative office. Many of his ideas would need to be processed through Administration Department. Therefore, before the commencement of the meeting, he and Fan Zhongyan needed to talk about some things.

The two of them spoke about military reform, privatization, and other important matters, and they had a sincere and effective conversation. Ouyang Shuo had to admire Mr. Xi Wen’s experienced ability in handling governmental matters. Many of the decision-making details of his instructions had problems, which were pointed out and immediately amended and improved upon.



Half an hour later, in the new meeting chamber, Ouyang Shuo sat himself down in the middle of the gathered people and began to host the first meeting since the upgrade to third grade village.

“After upgrading the territory, more challenges await us ahead. To ensure the safe and orderly development of the territory, our primary task will be to expand the army. In yesterday’s defensive battles, the cavalry team played the greatest role. Therefore, I have decided to expand the cavalry to a full one hundred men. General Shi will act as the the captain of the cavalry squadron, with the1st cavalry platoon under his command. In addition, 3rd squad Sergeant Lin Yi performed outstandingly in yesterday’s battles, and will be promoted to the rank of lieutenant, leading the 2nd cavalry platoon!”

Lin Yi bowed from his seat, “My lord’s trust will not be broken!”

Shuo nodded in reply. “The cavalry 1st platoon is to be mainly composed of soldiers from the current cavalry team. The 2nd platoon will need to start new admissions. Admitting new recruits will be done by General Shi and Lin Yi. My suggestion is to choose from the current militia that performed well during the defense warfare.

“Accordingly, the new military system will be rearranged. Former 4th squad Sergeant Zhao Si Hu will be transferred to the 2nd platoon 1st squad. Former 2nd squad Sergeant San Gouzi will have his duties lifted, I have other plans for him. 5th squad Sergeant Li Mingliang will be transferred to the 1st platoon 2nd squad.”

Ouyang Shuo said to General Shi, “The cavalry will need seven more sergeants. After General Shi and Captain Lin Yi have inspected and appointed them, report them to me. Lin Yi should also have the right to recommend the people for his 2nd platoon.”

General Shi nodded his head, indicating that he understood Shuo’s meaning.



“In view of the further expansion of the size of our territory, the external environment is becoming more complex. In order not to be caught by surprise, I think it is necessary to set up a Military Intelligence Division, with the former 2nd squad Sergeant San Gouzi as the secretary.”

San Gouzi, who had been apprehensive since he had lost his previous duties, sighed in relief as he heard about his new duties. “I will not disappoint the Lord’s faith in me!” he called out.

“The new division will have twenty people allocated to it, formed by the former 2nd cavalry squad members with additional new recruits coming in. The new division will be operating independently. It will operate autonomously and will be led by both the cavalry team and myself. These will be the adjustments to the military. Are there any questions?”

Gene

ral Shi stood up and straightforwardly said, “My Lord, I have something to say. Expanding the army, I am naturally in favor of. The problem is, as the Lord has just said, the number of troops will reach more than 120 soldiers. Now, the barracks cannot hold so many, and there are only 53 slots left for the change of jobs of basic soldiers, we cannot meet the demand for all the new soldiers.”

“In order to alleviate these problems, I am going to upgrade the barracks to an intermediate barracks,” Shuo replied quickly.

“Excellent, then I have no more worries!” General Shi said, clearly pleased.

About military matters, other than General Shi, nobody had anything else to say.



“The issue of military reform is closed. The next thing to discuss is the core topic of this meeting. Taking advantage of the upgrading territory, I am ready to implement privatization in the territory. On this issue, I would like to invite Mr. Xi Wen to give you all an introduction.”

About privatization, Ouyang Shuo had had an excellent talk with Fan Zhongyan. This time he had deliberately arranged for Zhongyan to introduce the situation, pushing him to the center role so that the core people of the territory could slowly accept his leadership.

Zhongyan clearly read Shuo’s intentions and took the hint to act. Neatly rising, he bowed to salute Ouyang Shuo, saying slowly, “My fellow attendees, I will be presenting to you the main content of privatizing the territory. After yesterday’s great defense, both adequate materials and abundant capital have become available, satisfying the initial needs we have to begin privatizing.

“Therefore, in order to improve production efficiency and improve the economy in response to the expectation of the villagers, our Lord has decided to officially start the process of privatizing the territory. Basically, we want to end the days where everything was distributed uniformly, the core principle is ‘You reap what you sow’.”

“Specifically, the territory will no longer be responsible for the food supply of the villagers, and accordingly, for the work done by the villagers, we will now pay a reasonable wage. At the same time, shops, farms, residences, and fishing boats will be available for purchase. However, strategic resources such as the logging fields, quarries, mines, and salt pans will still be directly controlled by the Lord.

“In order to protect the basic livelihoods of the villagers and to help make the transference from a feudal government to self-sufficiency, and also rewarding the villagers for their hard work so far, the Lord has arranged a basic welfare package for the citizens. There will be a coupon for a 100 units of grain, 20 units for meat, one animal hide, one set of ordinary linen clothes, and a coupon for 20 silver coins.

“The whole process of privatization will be achieved through the establishment of an official bank, which will provide low-interest loans and will be open to all villagers who meet the requirements. The specific rules of the bank will be set up by the bank’s manager after it has been formally established.”

When Fan Zhongyan had finished, his words had created quite a stir. There was a lot of whispering, warmly discussing the generosity of the Lord.



The newly appointed cavalry captain Lin Yi smiled at his big brother, Master Lin Yue, saying, “Big brother, this time you can buy your own dojo and own your own business, ah?”

Lin Yue frowned, saying, ”Don't talk nonsense, I do not have that much money.”

“Big brother, you are worrying too much. The Lord has thought it through, thinking of everyone’s situation. Didn’t you heard what Mr. Xi Wen said? The Lord said he was setting up a bank to provide low interest loans.”

Lin Yue was very wary, answering hesitantly, “But we don’t know about the conditions to access the loans, I am afraid I will not meet the requirements…”

“Big brother, you are really skeptical. Think about it. You are an advanced martial arts instructor. If you cannot get the loan, then pretty much nobody in the whole territory will be able to meet the loan requirements. Everyone will become angry, and privatizing will be useless.” Lin Yi glanced at Shuo several times, apparently more understanding of Ouyang Shuo’s intentions than his brother.

Lin Yue slowly nodded in silent agreement.



After everyone had calmed down, Ouyang Shuo said, “Just now, Mr. Xi Wen has introduced the content of the privatization,” said Shuo, waiting a moment before continuing. “To achieve the goal of privatizing the economy, we must accomplish at least six things.”

“First of all, we have to establish a bank.

Secondly, we need to determine to residents the price and rent of the small homes, shops, and other assets.

Third, we will need to build a series of bakers, butchers, clothing shops, and other shops, to ensure that the villagers can easily purchase the necessities of life.

Fourth, to develop wage levels and price levels in order to pay them their wages.

Fifth, someone will need to be responsible for distribution of the basic welfare package.

Lastly, we need to establish the taxation system.”

“For these six things, we need to discuss them one by one. First, let's have a discussion about the name of the bank, does anyone have any ideas?”

“Simply call it the Shanhai Bank?” Zhao Dexian said tentatively.

“Too casual, not a good name!”

“Hey, I think Wan Tong Bank is a better name, it has momentum!” This was the opinion of Zheng Shanpao.

“Stealing someone else’s name, even worse!”

“We are in the Lianzhou Basin, call it the Lianzhou Bank?” Giu Xiuwen asked confidently.

“It’s narrow and bad!”

Ouyang Shuo shook his head, the names were not satisfactory.

这时，崔映柚脆生说道：“我觉得可以叫四海钱庄，即跟我们山海村一脉相承，

又取财纳五湖四海之意。”

At this time, Cui Yingyu opened her little mouth and said: “I think it can be called the Four Seas Bank, of the same line as 1Shanhai Village, and also brings the meaning of gathering golds from the four seas.”

Shuo’s eyes lit up. Four seas, four treasures, that is simple and low-key, with hidden ambitions. He was very satisfied, he smiled and said, “That is very good, anyone else?”

“Very good, very good!” This time, everyone’s opinion was quite consistent.

So, Shuo directly said, “Okay, it is named so, it will be called the Four Seas Bank. For the first phase of funds for the bank, I am prepared to inject 200 gold coins. As for the manager of the bank, Cui Yingyu will serve there.”

Discerning eyes could clearly see the importance of the Four Seas Bank. It was not only the core of the privatization; in the future it would play the role of the territorial treasury. So the key position in it could only be someone in whom Ouyang Shuo placed extreme trust to. Therefore, everyone was silent. Just looking at Cui Yingyu conveyed deep understanding of what the appointment meant. They could only hope to earn that same level of trust.

Yingyu naturally understood people, and for Ouyang Shuo’s trust, she was very grateful. She was also very happy for the job as manager of the Four Seas Bank. However, she was now serving as Secretary of the Material Reserves Division, and was aware of some jealousy of her. If she also took over the Four Seas Bank manager position, it would no doubt create more hard feelings.

“Big brother, I am afraid my energy is limited, there is much work to do,” she replied gracefully, giving him the room to refuse.

Ouyang Shuo was prepared for this backhand refusal. “You do not have to worry about that. I have arrangements made. You are relieved of your position as Secretary of the Material Reserves Division, and Deputy Secretary Zhao Youfang will temporarily take your place. At the same time, Du Xiaolan is promoted to the Assistant to the Secretary of the Material Reserves Division to help Zhao Youfang in dealing with affairs there.”

Zhao Youfang was still lacking somewhat in qualifications or ability for the position, so Ouyang Shuo did not directly appoint him to the post of Secretary. As for Du Xiaolan, she was one of Yingyu’s apprentices, and had been officially appointed. Shuo had marked her as a reserve talent, and now had the opportunity to boldly promote her to an important job with her experience.

Such a personnel arrangement was something that nobody could understand. After all, no matter how you looked at it, the Material Reserves Division was still more important than the Four Seas Bank.



1Shanhai Village 山海村 and Four Seas Bank 四海钱庄 : Shanhai’s hai carries the meaning of sea in mandarin.



* * *





Chapter 36




Chapter 36

Chapter 36 - Privatization (2/2)



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Levs



As for everyone’s doubts, Ouyang Shuo didn’t care to explain.

“I have decided to set up a Financial Division to be responsible for the financial affairs and taxation of the territory after privatization. The Financial Division will operate independently, and the Four Seas Bank will also be incorporated into the Financial Division’s jurisdiction. The Financial Division Secretary will also be Cui Yingyu.”

Everyone suddenly realized what was going on. The Financial Secretary and the manager of the Four Seas Bank, that was the real God of Wealth. The status of that position was comparable to that of the Director of Administration.

Yingyu was also incomparably excited, recalling her talk with Ouyang Shuo yesterday vividly. She did not expect that with this one move, he would not only unload her of the burden of the Material Reserves Division, he would then promptly make her responsible for the even more important Financial Divsion. She slowly rose and said crisply, “I will not fail to live up to big brother’s trust!”

Ouyang Shuo nodded at her. “With the Financial Division established, your first task is to establish an effective tax system. Here, I will set the general tone for everyone to discuss the specific details of implementation, and for the loans from the Four Seas Bank. The Financial Divison will be responsible for making the report.”

Yingyu nodded, showing that she understood.

“In simple terms, the tax will be divided into two types, agricultural taxes, and business taxes. The agricultural tax will be relatively simple, it should be set at 3.3%.

The business taxes will be divided into customs duty and business tax. For tariffs, we have to expand the territory and have business contacts with the outside world, only then can we set up checkpoints for tariffs. Hence, at this stage, we will be focusing more on business tax. In order to encourage handicrafts and commerce, we will also set the business tax at 3.3%.

“Tax will be an important financial source of the territory in the future, we must maintain the stability of the tax rate to foster growth. If you have any comments, you can speak freely.”



Fan Zhongyan stood up and said quietly, “The lord is generous and loves his people, this tax rate is already the lowest in history. My only fear is that such a low tax rate cannot maintain our daily expenses and military spending.”

“The two low-level tax rates are more conducive to the rapid development of the territory’s economy. As long as we make the cake bigger, even if we only have a small share, that share can still be very impressive. On the other hand, if the cake is small, even if we take half the cake, it is still not much.

“Most importantly, in the territory, there are industries that were not privatized, a source of income whose profits will all be turned over to the Financial Secretary, so that the government will not have to worry over the financial affairs of the territory,” Ouyang Shuo replied to him.

Hearing Ouyang Shuo say that the salt and other industries’ profits would be turned in to the Financial Secretary, Fan Zhongyan calmed down. As someone that worries about the country, his wish for the low-level tax had been met just as he wanted. He was actually worried that Ouyang Shuo would claim ownership over the industries, but Ouyang Shuo said he would not hold onto certain industries. Otherwise, if the territory was short on money, then in the end they could only grab it from the hands of the common people.

This was one of the limitations of historical figures. Even with the wisdom of Fan Zhongyan, he did not understand that the strength of a territory was

the strength of a player. Ouyang Shuo, as a player lord, simply didn’t care if he didn’t have his own massive treasury.

After Fan Zhongyan was done, Zhao Dexian rose. “Lord, I have a question. For farmers, do we need to pay the agricultural tax at the same time as paying rent on the farmland?”

“The Secretary of Agriculture will be dividing the farmland among the farmers, and providing free property to be worked by them in the form of farmland rights that they own themselves to ensure their own interests. They are not, however, allowed to annex new lands. We will not allow new farmlands to be cultivated privately, only the Land Reclamation Division may do this,” Ouyang Shuo explained briefly. “As for the number of acres of farmland that each farmer can get, it is necessary for the department to discuss among themselves.”

Zhao Dexian nodded his head, understanding clearly.



Hearing Ouyang Shuo finish with the arrangements for the farmers, the temporary Secretary Zhao Youfang stood up. “Lord, we also want to know, how will we collect the taxes from hunters and fishermen?”

“First of all, the fishermen. There are two ways to tax the fishermen. One is to tax the sale of the fish directly on the market. In order to ensure that the tax is smooth and there is no evasion, the fish must be sold at a fixed stall, not privately. The other method is that they can sell it directly to the Material Reserves Division, they will be charged based on the business tax. However, sporadic tradings will not be taxed.”

“The taxation of herdsmen works similarly to that of fishermen. The buffalo will be a restricted animal and cannot be slaughtered for sale. It can only be sold to the Material Reserves Division, and the ranch controlled directly by the territory is not taxable.”

Ouyang Shuo knew that with such provisions there were still loopholes, and some tax evasion tricks were not blocked. For example, a cunning shepherd might think of keeping his livestock in the territorial ranch, thus avoiding the taxes. But right now, the Financial Secretary was new and the staff was undertrained. It was not advisable to carry out too complex of an operation, otherwise it would be self-defeating.

Waiting until Zhao Youfang was done, Mu Qingsi stood up and said happily, “Little Sister has a question to ask. If I had acquired the tailor workshop, then will the terms of one set of clothes per person in the territory basic welfare package continue on? If it will continue, who do I go to for compensation?”

“There are two options for compensation this way. One- the territory will provide you raw materials for the cloth, the tailor shop will only be responsible for processing them. For producing clothing, the territory will pay you for your work.

“You can also, of course, buy your own cloth, make your own clothing, and the territory will buy the clothes from you at market price.”

“This kind of market-oriented cooperation applies to all types of privatization after the shops open. Of course, after the privatization, certain military goods like arrows and leather armor cannot be arbitrarily made, only the government weapons workshop can produce such military goods..”

The discussion about taxation lasted nearly an hour and a half. During this period, representatives of the various industries all spoke up about problems in their own areas. Ouyang Shuo answered all of their questions.



Yingyu was sitting there feeling the mountain-like pressure. Writing all these questions and answers down, she did not have time to think about them, nor know how to answer them. She could only diligently write down Ouyang Shuo’s answers one by one. After she had some time, she could sort out the answers and write them down into the guidelines for the Financial Division, she didn’t know what else to do.

With the taxation and bank problem done, the remaining items would be much easier. Ouyang Shuo said a bit lazily, “On the development of wage levels and price levels, I leave the Administration Department with full responsibility of a detailed program, present to me for approval. As for all kinds of shops and basic welfare distribution and implementation, naturally the Material Reserves and Construction Divisions will take full responsibility.”

To these orders, Fan Zhongyan, Zhao Youfang, and Zhao Dewang nodded, showing they understood the orders.

“We will also discuss the pricing of shops and real estate,” Ouyang Shuo went on. “According to how things develop, there will be a number of large-scaled adjustments to our plans in the foreseeable future, which will involve a large amount of land, including the demolition of existing shops. Therefore, before we do pricing, we need to have rigid requirements for the real estate property rights. That is, villagers will be buying real estate rights and income rights. The land itself still belongs to the government.”

“If the land is needed, the owner of the property rights must unconditionally obey the territory’s decision and accept the removal of the territory or shop. As compensation, the territory will unconditionally replace the same real estate with the same sized building in the new location.

“Therefore, at this stage we will need to assess the real estate and shop prices, you must not consider the cost of land use. For a basic tailor shop, for example, it takes 40 units of wood, 20 units of stone, coupled with the labor needed to make it. The cost is the sum of ALL the construction costs. On the market, a unit of wood is 20 copper coins, a unit of stone 30 copper. Therefore, the cost of a basic tailor shop’s materials is 1400 copper pieces, with labor costs being set by the Construction Division.

“My opinion is that real estate prices are generally about 1.5 times the construction costs of the property and 2 times for business shops. As for renting a building, use the 1:200 ratio rent to price, that is, the monthly rent should be 0.5% of the price of the building.

Once Ouyang Shuo finished, Little Sister Mu on the side whispered, “Big Brother, blood sucker! You are doubling the price for the people?”

Shuo looked at her as he explained, “All of you may be wondering, why not act in accordance with the cost of construction? One, we have to respect the laws of the market. If you do not grab a certain profit, it is easy to disrupt the market. Two- supply has to remain balanced with construction costs, otherwise the price could be too low and the number of buyers too high.

“For example, up to twenty people can live in a small residential courtyard. If the price is too low, a family of three might have the ability to buy one. Suddenly, there will be housing tension in the territory. With privatization, the living conditions of the villagers will improve greatly. Therefore, the construction division will have to adapt to the laws of the market, with the flexibility to adjust the size and number of small courtyard residences, with other buildings more suitable for people to live in.”

Zhao Dewang rose and said, “Understood!”

“Residential and retail pricing, and the follow-up sales and proceeds, are the responsibility of the Administration Department, to be marked as financial revenue and deposited into Four Seas Bank.”

At this point, the discussion on the privatization of the territory came to an end. There are a lot of specific works waiting for the divisions to handle and most of them could not be done overnight.



* * *





Chapter 37




Chapter 37

Chapter 37 - Lianzhou College



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Levs



Fan Zhongyan and Cui Yingyu followed Ouyang Shuo to his office. Ouyang Shuo asked them, “What’s the thing that’s most lacking of in our territory?”

Zhongyan pondered for a while, “I think we need political talents more than anything. To keep each department running effectively, there has to be many officials and also appointed executive officer.”

Ouyang Shuo nodded approvingly and beckoned Yingyu to hear her thoughts.

After thinking for a while, Yingyu said, “I agree with Mr. Xi Wen. In addition to basic level government workers, I think we still lack accountants and similar professionals. To tell the truth, even I, the secretary of the newly established Financial Division, am merely a layman.”

“Both of you had hit the mark. In overall, our bureaucracy is very weak, like a bare old tree with only branches and no leaves. At the village stage, the affairs are simple and each executive can hold the departments on their own. But once we reach the township stage, the shortage of talents would leave us stretched.

“The training of the talents is a long-term process, and cannot be achieved overnight. Therefore, it is very necessary for us to begin a process of developing talents for the territory from now on. I opened the adult literacy classes at the private school just for this reason.”

Ouyang Shuo knew deeply that the Six Tyrants of Handan would not have many problems in talents. They were like the great families in the Three Kingdoms, which possessed a rich reserve in talents themselves. Whether it was a family member or a subordinate group member. They could quickly build an effective bureaucracy as long as they appointed the players loyal to them to the right positions.

Individual players wanting to compete with them was almost impossible. Even a reincarnated person like Ouyang Shuo must go through step by step, could he have a small chance to win.

Fan Zhongyan nodded, “ The Lord is right. To cultivate talents, we must run the basic education system and implement the imperial examination system. The latter is too early and we should give priority to basic education first. We are far from being able to meet our needs with only one private school just providing the crudest education.”

“Yes. My idea is to start a comprehensive college in the territory. The college will set up basic classes, intermediate classes, and advanced classes. The basic class will be like the adult literacy classes, mainly focused on reading and literacy. Intermediate class mainly develop basic governmental talents and basic professionals like the ones you two mentioned. And the advanced class will be there for teaching people how to be department executives.”

Fan Zhongyan applauded, “Wonderful! In accordance with the idea of the lord, we will be able to cultivate talents quickly and set up a new echelon for training talents. I very much agree with you! ”

Yingyu was puzzled and said, “Big brother’s idea is excellent. However, where are we going to find the faculty? The territory only has one great scholar, Master Fan?”

Ouyang Shuo smiled mysteriously. “So far yet so near.”

Yingyu stared incredulously, “Big brother, you aren’t referring to the three of us, right?”

“Why not? You can teach a crash course on maths, Xi Wen could teach a course on politics, and I could teach a course on laws and legal matters,” Ouyang Shuo said.

Yingyu sighed under big stress. Fan Zhongyan was peaceful because he once was the head teacher in an institute. He was familiar with teaching.

“I have already though

t of the name- Lianzhou Institute. Although it just started, I hope that in the future, the Lianzhou Institute can become the cradle of our civil officers. Xi Wen will be our first principal.”

Fan Zhongyan got up and saluted. “The Lord has spoken, I just can’t refuse that. But I have only one request. I hope that the Lord can act as the honorary principal to show some orthodoxy.”

Ouyang Shuo smiled, “I promise you. The preparatory work for the college will be the responsibility of the Administration Division with the help of the Financial Division.”

The three of them discussed some more details, then dispersed.



Ouyang Shuo was ready to go to the market. This time, he wanted to buy all sorts of building blueprints with sufficient funds and also wanted to see what interesting things might be available.

He first spent 10 gold coins to buy the pottery workshop blueprints, the only thing missing in the grade 3 village infrastructure. Then he was ready to buy an intermediate barracks building blueprint and an intermediate shipyard building blueprint.

Prices for buildings that required blueprints to upgrade would increase ten times every grade. As a result, an intermediate barracks building blueprint was worth 20 gold coins, and an intermediate shipyard building blueprint was worth 50 gold coins.

Then, the blueprints of the three grade 1 town infrastructure, grain shop, butcher shop, and clothing store, each cost 20 gold coins. In addition, the building blueprint of the bank which belongs to the grade 2 town infrastructure is sold for 50 gold coins.

The last was the college building blueprint. A college or an institute belongs to the grade 3 town infrastructure and was worth 1000 gold coins. He naturally couldn’t afford that, so he bought a blueprint of a school, which belongs to grade 1 town instead, using 20 gold coins.

After a round of ‘shopping’, he had spent 210 gold on the building blueprints. Now he only had 490 gold left. Apart from 200 gold reserved the Four Seas Bank and some for the militia’s class change fees and the following cavalry’s class change fee, there were not many funds available.

Ouyang Shuo sighed. As long as he came to the Market, it was like he was never going to have enough money. Fortunately, in more than ten days, the first batch of salt from the salt pans could be sold. At that time, he would get another four to five hundred gold as return.

Since a number of workers demanded in the salt pan was large, there had to be one worker for every 2 acres. Hence, as of this stage, Ouyang Shuo had no plans for salt pan’s phase three to expand the scale and would only be maintained at 500 acres.

Ouyang Shuo opened the goods manufacturing technology column, searching for the Wooden Ox and Flowing Horse Manufacturing Technology manual, priced at 20 gold coins. The wooden-ox horse1 was just an upgraded version of the wheelbarrow and was not so magical as the book Three Kingdoms described.

Although it didn’t have this kind of exaggerated effect, the wooden ox-horse was still a practical means of transport hauling. Just like Yingyu mentioned before, as the timber and other resource demands are increasing, transporting would become a major problem. Moving hundreds and even thousands of units of wood, stone, and iron ore from the collection points to the village was very costly in manpower.

Transporting all the stuff would be much easier with wooden ox-horse. Not to mention, moving all the salt in the fields from the port to the market was going to be a big project.

Ouyang Shuo spent 20 gold coins and purchased the Wooden Ox and Flowing Horse Manufacturing Technology manual. He then had a look at the properties of the wooden ox-horse.

Name: Wooden Ox-Horse

Materials needed: 20 units of wood.

Capacity: 200 Kg

Durability: Tens of miles daily for individuals, 30 miles for groups

Evaluation: A transportation vehicle of detailed craftsmanship, able to overcome various terrains and save manpower.



Lastly, Ouyang Shuo turned to the ‘other items’ column in the special items trading platform. After tens of minutes skimming through the list, he had his eyes on a certain item, it was a token, with a very simple use.

[Class Change Token] (civil officer): After using this token, the user may class change directly to a civil officer.



In the Shanhai village, persons like Yingyu and Zhao Youfang, who were already designated as civil officers, were still in their original jobs. They were not class changed to an official civil officer yet. Although, It did not affect the duties they had to perform, but it did affect their administrative efficiency.

Ouyang Shuo did not hesitate to spend 20 gold coins to buy the Class Change Token. This token was intended for Cui Yingyu. Her current career was a businesswoman, which did not match the position of the Financial Secretary. Although it was a little expensive, making Yingyu a civil officer in advance was worth it.

Looking over the other special items longingly, Shuo touched his purse and sighed. He then picked his purchased goods from the other transportation formation, put them in his storage bag and left the Basic Market.



Walking on the road, he could hear the villagers occasionally gossiping in small groups.

“Hey, auntie, have you heard about that? Our village is ready for privatization!”

“What is privatization?”

“Privatization is not something. It is a big thing. Mr. Gu said that we will all be living on our own, rather than in groups anymore!”

“Oh, how can we do that? Does the lord not want us? There are four people in my family. We have nothing but some old clothes. If we were going to live our own lives, what could we count on?”

“Auntie, you misunderstand the mercy of our lord, he will not leave us. I hear that after privatization, the lord would give us some food and meat, and a new set of clothes for everybody!”

“Oh, that is wonderful. At least we will not go hungry.”

“The benefits are far more than not being hungry. Mr. Gu said that after the privatization, the Lord would start paying us wages. As long as we work hard and save some money, we can buy our own house to live in. The Lord will give the farmers some land as long as you hand in some grains at the time of harvest. Thinking about this, I think that we can live better if we are more diligent.”

“Mazu’s blessing, this is indeed a big thing. Where did you get this information? I have to see it for myself.”

“It’s just in the square in front of the lord’s house. Mr. Gu posted a bulletin notice there!”

“Oh, then I will go there to take a look with my husband.”

“Hurry up. I have to go home and talk to my other half. I hear even the shops will be selling off this time! I want to talk to my family to see if we can borrow some money to buy a smithy!”

“Good luck!”

Listening to the villagers’ talk, Ouyang Shuo laughed with pleasure. The Administration Department was quick to post the notice, letting people be active about this in advance.

Wooden-ox horse1 木牛流马 : lit. wooden ox and flowing horse, a mechanical transportation vehicle created during the ancient China era of the Three Kingdoms. Shortened for the sake of simplicity of the text.



* * *





Chapter 38




Chapter 38

Chapter 38 - Entrustment Agreement



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun



Ouyang Shuo came out of the Basic Market, and walked down the commercial street, heading into the area of the woodworkers. Thinking of the south-pointing chariot from before, he walked into the carpentry workshop.

The woodshop was full of excitement, very different from the mood from last time.

Lu Guangzhi, saw Shuo coming in, stepped forward and smiled, saying, “Guangzhi greets the lord!”

“Master Lu, you have some good news?”

Master Lu couldn’t even open his mouth before his apprentice on the side, giddy with joy, blurted out, “Lord, this morning we succeeded in making a south-pointing chariot!”

“Yes, yes, and just as the lord predicted, Master Lu ranked up to an advanced carpenter now!” another apprentice exclaimed.

Master Lu stared at both apprentices for being so rude before their lord. He turned back to Shuo and apologetically said. “They are still young, and yet to know anything of courtesy, please do not blame them for their words, sire!”

Ouyang Shuo waved the event off, indicating that it was alright. “It seems I should really be congratulating Master Lu!”

“This is all due to the blessings of the territory, when the upgrading gold rays swept the whole village in the morning. Something in my mind broke free; it gave me the insight to the most important part of the south-pointing chariot.”



Oh? There was such a thing? The upgrading rays of the territory could also help talent breakthroughs? This should be part of the hidden settings of the system. Shuo thought. After all, in his last life, he hadn’t played in lord mode, not knowing that some obscure details could be considered normal. He guessed that, having such a big effect, it was somehow related to Shanhai Village being a gold-class village. Otherwise, this hidden fact would’ve been more exposed and well known by the public.

Shuo nodded his head. “Has Master Lu heard about the privatizing of the territory?”

“I have heard of it; my apprentice has told me.”

“So, about the privatization, especially the effects on the carpentry workshop, what do you think?” Ouyang Shuo asked him.

Master Lu hesitantly said, “Sire, to tell the truth, I do not yet have the plan to acquire the carpentry workshop.”

“Oh? Why not?” Ouyang Shuo was surprised.

“Since the establishment of the woodshop, except for the south-pointing chariot, there has not been much else to do. I am worried that once I have to buy the woodshop, we will not be able to maintain our livelihood.”

Ouyang Shuo smiled and took out from his storage bag the Wooden Ox-Horse Technology Manual and smoothly handed it to Master Lu. “Take a look at this manual, do you believe you can make this?”

Master Lu took the manual and looked it over carefully. He was so attracted by the contents that he forgot Ouyang Shuo was standing there, waiting for him to answer.

Ouyang Shuo stood there leisurely, patiently waiting. As to what Master Lu had said about the woodworking business dilemma, he had a few thoughts.



Earth Online, although known to be very realistic, still had some blurry and vague areas early in the game, mostly to ensure that the Lord players could actually build out in the wilderness. The most direct manifestation of that was in the building constructions.

Take the small courtyard residences as an example. In addition to the speed that the residences could be put up, there were also a lot of accessories included. Simply put, for the people to live in a completed courtyard, they would need furniture, and it was automati

cally generated. If it didn’t appear after the house was built, having to sleep and live on the ground would’ve been rather embarrassing.

The other shops and businesses were the same way. After the smithy was built, its required internal facilities will be automatically generated, so that once it was built, it would operate smoothly. These costs of the facilities were reflected in their building blueprints.

For some simple things, like pigsties, fences, and the like, because there was no need to generate internal furnishings, they didn’t need building blueprints to be built directly.

Of course, with the passing of time, after the territories were increasingly built up, the rules would change and be less fuzzy, becoming more consistent with reality.

It was because of this design that the villagers didn’t need to find a carpenter to build furniture. It was no wonder that Master Lu was worried about his prospects after privatization.



Twenty minutes later, Master Lu finished reading the manual. Looking up and finding Ouyang Shuo still there, he fearfully said, “The contents were too attractive I couldn’t pull myself out from it. I beg the lord’s forgiveness!”

Again, Ouyang Shuo waved his hand. “Do you think you can make it?”

“If it was before today, I would not dare to boast. But now, with the lucky promotion to an advanced carpenter, and the experience I have developed from the south-pointing chariot, I have the confidence to craft the wooden ox-horse just like the descriptions of it in the manual!”

“Well, if that is the case, I have a proposal. I hope that Master Lu can consider about it.”

“Please, my lord!”

“Well, the territory requires a great number of these wooden ox-horses. So, my proposal is that you will not only acquire the workshop, but also expand its scale. Then, the territory will use the name of the Material Reserves Division and sign a commission processing agreement with your workshop.

“The Material Reserves Division will provide the manufacturing technology and raw wood as materials, and your workshop will be responsible for the production of wooden ox-horses. For each wooden ox-horse, the Department will pay you 20 copper coins. This will keep you busy and solve the plight of the woodworkers, you see?” Ouyang Shuo inquired of him.

Master Lu, after listening to all this, was very excited. He was a carpenter, and carpentry was his roots and sustenance. Not only could he solve the plight of being a woodworker, but he now had the chance to climb the ladders! Immediately and without hesitation, he said directly, “I don’t need to consider anything, I promise this will be done.”

“As for the specific entrustment agreement, the people of the Material Reserves Division will talk to you later. I will be there when both parties sign the agreements.”

Master Lu nodded in agreement, still looking very excited.



Leaving the woodshop, Ouyang Shuo found out that it was already around noon. After getting lunch, he took a short nap in his quarters. After waking up, he didn’t return to his office, instead, he walked into the next administrative office. The area had become a bit crowded, as the Administration Department, Financial Division, and Material Reserves Division all had to operate out of here.

Ouyang Shuo had spent the morning buying eight sets of building blueprints. He presented them together with the weapons workshop blueprints he already had to Zhao Dewang, telling him where he wanted the buildings constructed. He wanted them completed as soon as possible, after that there would a big project waiting for the Construction Division.

Since his formal appointment as Secretary of Construction, Zhao Dewang had become more motivated. After Ouyang Shuo gave him the task, he swore to complete it. Indeed, he patted his chest and said he would be the quickest to turn the blueprints into reality!

Ouyang Shuo gave him more encouragement, taking the opportunity to win people’s hearts. Although he had given leadership of the Administration Department to Fan Zhongyan, it didn’t mean that he would let all the departments under the administration leave his control.

As the saying goes, no one is ever perfect. Ouyang Shuo knew that even Fan Zhongyan had considered some ideas that were too radical, and that some would fail. Therefore, he had to ensure that the administration was still under his control so that Fan Zhongyan would stand down and wouldn’t have the chance to implement those radical changes to Shanhai Village.

He didn’t think himself as the protagonist of a young adult novel, with an invincible aura. As long as the historical figures worked for the good of the territory, he could feel at ease walking away, and everything would be harmonious and smooth. In this way, the territory would still be running according to his will, without any deviation from his plans.

Then, Ouyang Shuo went to Material Reserves Division head Zhao Youfang, telling him about the woodshop proposal from the morning, and scheduling Youfang’s follow-up.

“This kind of entrustment agreement will be one of the main modes of cooperation between the future Material Reserves Division and the shops or private workshops. Therefore, the Material Reserves Division must do some preparatory work on the commission agreement. Director Fan and I will review the agreement to ensure that it does not have any loopholes.

“In addition, before the tailor makes up the linen clothing for everyone, we need to have a similar agreement. I suggest that both of these people hold a signing ceremony at the same time, and we invite all the talented people in the territory to join in. Let them realize the benefits of privatization to help improve their enthusiasm.”

Zhao Youfang heavily nodded his head, watching Shuo with worshipping eyes. He said excitedly, “I truly admire how lord is seeking to remove any obstacles to privatization! The talented people will no longer have to worry about privatization affecting their livelihood! We won’t even have to urge them, they will even take the initiative to collect apprentices.” Zhao Youfang knew how much effort and conditions Ouyang Shuo was forced to expend to get the skilled people to recruit apprentices.

Ouyang Shuo nodded and expressed his admiration for Zhao’s insight. “Yes, this is the magic of privatization, only by appealing to the vital interests of the individual can we inspire their enthusiasm and stimulate the rapid development of the economy. There is a lot of progress in you as you can now see the meaning behind this entrustment agreement. It seems like working in the Material Reserves Division has made you grow up a lot.”

“It is the lord’s wisdom to assign me to the Material Reserves Division; I am not to be praised.” Zhao Youfang said respectfully, still excited in his heart.

Ouyang Shuo waved his hand and said, “Well, you do not have to be too modest. About the lumber field, you can recommend a new foreman, and present the recommendation to Fan Zhongyan for approval. You need to get familiar with the affairs of the Material Reserve Division, so learn more about them as soon as possible. If you don’t understand something, don’t be shy, take the initiative and go right to Secretary Cui and Director Fan and ask how things work. Or, of course, you can come directly to me. Also, do not slack off on the literacy classes and the homework on that side of things. You cannot fall behind, and must still put in more hard work.”

This was the first time Ouyang Shuo had given such personal instructions to Zhao Youfang. It was plain to see that he had high expectations for Youfang!

Youfang was also clearly aware of this and was grateful to Shuo for the advice. At this moment, no longer able to contain the excitement in his heart, he declared, “What the lord had given me, I will never forget. From now and thereafter, I will improve myself and will not disappoint my lord!”

Ouyang Shuo patted his shoulder, smiling, and said no more.



* * *





Chapter 39




Chapter 39

Chapter 39 - Transfer



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Levs



Ouyang Shuo went over to Cui Yingyu’s side. He took the Civil Service Class Change Token out of his storage bag and said, “Yingyu, I have a good thing for you.”

Yingyu saw the token, and opened her mouth in surprise, making her look lovely. What was strange was, her face showed a happy look, and then immediately turned a bit melancholic.

Seeing these inexplicable changes, Ouyang Shuo was completely puzzled and asked, “Is little sister unhappy about being able to transfer to the civil service?”

Yingyu’s expression was a little complicated as she said softly, “It is natural to wish to move, and I am naturally happy. But suddenly I thought about my original job disappearing after the transfer, and that is the only link between Yingyu and her family. So, I’m a little sad and unwilling…”

Ah, a touching scene, Yingyu was homesick. Yes, a lot of the time, Ouyang Shuo ignored this point. He had almost forgotten that this seemingly strong little sister of his had such a miserable experience originally. In this world, in addition to Shanhai Village, she has another home, the House of Cui in Dali. There, she still had living family.

Ouyang Shuo gently touched her head, and whispered, “Silly girl, do not think too much of this. Big brother assures you that once the territory has the strength to go through the wilderness to Dali, I will help you reunite with your family. Until then, you are with us, and we will be your family.”

Yingyu, flushing from her emotions, smiled strongly and said, “Big brother has to keep his promises, hee hee! However, when I really leave, I do not think Big Brother can bear it and miss me, hee hee!”

Yingyu was a strong and sensible girl, never letting the people around her worry, or feel bad for her. Perhaps only in front of her big brother Ouyang Shuo would she sometimes reveal her weak and passionate female side.

“Why? Don't tell me if you leave you aren't my sister? Well, that is in the future. Let’s not assume too much now. Quickly now, use the transfer token and let me have a look at your new job!”

Hearing this command, Yingyu directly opened the arms of the class change token. There was a hum, the token turned into a white light that vanished into her eyebrows.

Shuo quickly used the assessment technique to see her stats.



Name: Cui Yingyu (Gold)

Identity: Shanhai Village Financial Secretary and Manager of the Four Seas Bank.

Occupation: Civil Service

Loyalty: 90 points

Command: 25

Force: 10

Intelligence: 50

Political: 58

Expertise: Careful planning (enhance territorial trade profits 1%), Heartfelt (enhance territorial tax revenue 5%)

Evaluation: A woman from the Cui business family, gentle temperament, proper businesswoman, not haughty. Tough and strong, a gentle heart, smart and studious, a polished jade with good talent.



Ouyang Shuo was really surprised. He had no idea when Yingyu had been promoted to gold talent grade. Not only that, but the new ‘Heartfelt’ ability was a perfect fit for Financial Secretary. This was what would solidify her position as the Shanhai Village ‘Goddess of Wealth’.

After the class change, even her character evaluation had improved a lot. Before it was only a single sentence, and now it even described her jade-like beauty, letting him see the shadow of her potential for further promotion.

Ouyang Shuo smiled. “Congratulations to little sister!”

Yingyu smiled happily. “Oh, but thank you also too big brother for the class change token!”

“No need to be polite with me. The stronger your ability

, the more at ease I will be,” Ouyang Shuo teased her.

Yingyu gave him a slightly sour smile, pretending to be angry. “Well, big brother really has the potential of a businessman! Thinking all the time on how to exploit us!”

“Well then, big brother will stop bothering you and let you get back to work, then!” Ouyang Shuo shamelessly ended the conversation.

Yingyu smiled reluctantly, glared at him, then returned to her work.

The leveling up of skilled men was the same as the leveling up of special talents. Ouyang Shuo would not get any notification. Seeing Yingyu getting promoted to a gold talent, he didn’t worry about other things for the moment. Directly using the assessment skill, going to the office of Gu Xiuwen and Zhao Dexian to examine them.

Name: Gu Xiuwen (Silver)

Identity: Shanhai Village, the Assistant Director of Administration and the Household Registration Secretary.

Occupation: Civil Service (Tongsheng1)

Loyalty: 85 points

Command: 25

Force: 15

Intelligence: 45

Political: 55

Expertise: Bureaucratic Knowledge (enhances territorial administrative efficiency 5%)

Evaluation: a poor young scholar, skilled at poetry and literature, and a modest gentleman of character.



Sure enough, Giu Xiuwen had been promoted to a silver level talent. Because he had been given an area of expertise when he was at the black iron level, he hadn’t been given a new area of expertise this time.

Similarly, Zhao Dexian had been smoothly promoted from the bronze grade to the black iron grade. Unfortunately, he was not like Gu Xiuwen who had gained a specialty early on.



Name: Zhao Dexian (Black iron)

Identity: Shanhai Village Secretary of Reclamation Division

Occupation: Civil Service|

Loyalty: 85 points

Command: 20

Force: 20

Intelligence: 30

Political: 38

Evaluation: The former chief of Zhao Jiagou village, well-mannered, skilled in village governance, adept at agricultural water management.



After viewing their stats, Ouyang Shuo took Fan Zhongyan for a quick chat. Having given instructions to the Secretary of Construction and Material Reserves Division, he also had to inform Fan Zhongyan of this matter. As the primary officer in charge, he had to show him the respect he deserved.

He could have easily bypassed Fan Zhongyan, going right to Construction Division, and nobody would have said anything. However, if he dealt directly with the Construction Division and not their superior, he was destroying the hierarchy he was setting up. This would be a blow to Fan Zhongyan over time, which Ouyang Shuo did not want to see.

After leaving the administrative offices, Ouyang Shuo returned to his own office. This time, he didn’t read as he normally did, but instead took out a pen and paper and began to write.

Taking Yingyu’s abilities into account, she had political experience but had no understanding of taxation. Ouyang Shuo, of course, wasn’t going to throw his Financial Secretary under the bus. In the early days, he was prepared to help her until she was on firmer ground. Once she came on track as the Financial Secretary, he would slowly let go.

Therefore, using his afternoon free time, he prepared his own understanding of the tax system, combined the real world’s advanced fiscal and taxation systems with the ancient dynastic methods of the same, sorting a realistic and forward-looking financial division work guide for her.

In this working guide, he defined the roles of finance and taxation, how to carry out taxation works and what to be careful about, and gave a clear explanation on how to establish a sound tax system around these core issues.

He wrote in the work guide that finance was a kind of economic behavior with the territory as the body, and it was the income and expenditures of the territorial collectors meeting public demand in the territory in order to achieve the goal of optimizing the allocation of resources, and further economic stability and development.

Financial income included taxes, government exclusive income, and other income forms. To improve their revenue, the most fundamental way to do so was to develop the economy. The fundamental factors that affected fiscal revenue the most were at the level of economic development. Therefore, only by vigorously developing the economy and encouraging the development of handicrafts and commerce, would the economy continue to grow steadily and fiscal revenue increase.

Ouyang Shuo believed that with this guide and Yingyu’s ingenuity, as long as he pointed the way, she could take the Financial Secretary job and run with it. Of course, there would be bumps in the road along the way, that was inevitable.

After writing the work guide, Ouyang Shuo logged off of the game. Yingyu had experience for managing the Four Seas Bank. The Cui were a business family of Dali, they had their own banks. Yingyu learned much in that environment, and he didn’t worry about that.

++++++++++++++++

Back in reality, it was still the weekend. Sun Xiaoyue and Bing’er didn’t want to stay at home today, so both of the young women had gotten up early to get dressed and go out. After eating breakfast, they pulled Ouyang Shuo out to go shopping. That was like telling him he could have fun and relax, but in truth they only needed people to carry their bags.

The mall was fully integrated, it had places to eat and drink and do everything. Shopping was a natural talent for women, and even little Bing’er, under the influence of Big Sister Xiaoyue, grew eager.

And so, a little girl in a blue print dress came out from the dressing room, turned around in place, and with a pair of big lovely eyes watching Ouyang Shuo very closely, said sweetly, “Brother, is the skirt Bing’er is wearing beautiful?”

Xioayue was already on her seventh skirt. Ouyang Shuo was trying to maintain a composed and interested face, but in fact, his smile was rather stiff as he praised, “Beautiful, it is too beautiful. You must wear this skirt. It’s like a little blue goddess fallen into the mortal world.”

He was so effusive, Bing’er’s eyes were squinting from her happiness, she jumped back to the dressing room to pack up her new clothes.

At this time, Xiaoyue came out of the next dressing room wearing a short-sleeved, slim silk dress. It gave her a fresh and elegant look that was fairly mind-blowing.

This look on Xiaoyue was really amazing. Ouyang Shuo couldn’t help but blurt out, “Too beautiful!”

Looking at him in the mirror, Xiaoyue was shocked, blushing hotly. Ouyang Shuo also felt suddenly uncomfortable and looked away in embarrassment.

Coming out of the clothing store, Ouyang Shuo had five or six bags in his hands, he’d lost count. In order to express his apologies, he had spent more than 4,000 credits on beautiful clothes for the both of them.

At this time, two girls spotted them and came charging over after screaming excitedly. “Wow, Xiaoyue, we did not expect to see you here, what a coincidence!”

Xiaoyue was also very happy, but did a complete facial change and began pretending to complain. “Well, you will just have to blame my two boyfriends over best friend friends. The two of you left and now I don’t have anyone else who will accompany me while shopping.”

These two girls were Xiaoyue’s original roommates. Xiaoyue had not expected to meet her in the mall at all. Now that they had, the three young women started chatting nonstop.



Tongsheng1 童生: lit. "child student", an entry-level examinee who had passed the county/prefecture exams in the ancient China imperial examination. wikipedia



* * *





Chapter 40




Chapter 40

Chapter 40 - Misunderstanding



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun



Sun Xiaoyue turned to Ouyang Shuo with an apologetic smile, saying sweetly, “Big Brother Shuo, these are the two roommates I told you about from before.”

On her left side was the smaller of the two, wearing a black sweater and tight pants, a lovely girl called Pan Qiaoqiao. On the right side was Qinru, a temperamental beauty with a slender body, pale yellow face, and was wearing a lotus-colored chiffon skirt.

For those whom he just got to know, Ouyang Shuo wasn’t very forthcoming, simply greeting them politely and then standing on the side to be a good listener.

Compared to Shou’s calm disposition, Qiaoqiao and Qinru were very curious about him. They looked at Ouyang Shuo, wanting to see who he was exactly. Qinru was more subtle, shooting light glances his way.

Qiaoqiao was more daring, with aggressive eyes, looking presumptuously at Ouyang Shuo. His heart was strong enough to bear with this judging, if not, his face would have definitely flushed red.

They knew Sun Xiaoyue had never had a boyfriend and yet now she had actually agreed to share a room with one? It was too strange. For this kind of situation, there were only two possibilities. Either the man was too innocent to cause any troubles, or he was attractive enough to drive her crazy.

Ouyang Shuo was about 1.8 meters tall, finely boned, and calmly tempered. Although he wasn’t an extremely handsome man, he definitely couldn’t be considered a harmless animal. Therefore, the only answer was that Sun Xiaoyue’s lovely springtime had come.

Qiaoqiao was relatively pure, with a straightforward personality. She directly pulled Xiaoyue aside, asking sneakily, “Hey, Xiaoyueyue, tell the truth! You’re calling him big brother, but isn’t he your boyfriend?”

Xiaoyue put on an angry face, pinched her waist, smiled and said, “He really is just a friend and my roommate! Keep speaking such nonsense, and see how I shut your mouth!”

”Xiaoyueyue, you are trying to hide something, it is as obvious as a cat in heat, don’t blame me.” Qiaoqiao wasn’t going to be outdone, her sharp words caused Ouyang Shuo standing there to feel ashamed. He could not help feeling a little stumped and old, completely unable to keep up with them.

Qinru looked at the politely smiling Ouyang Shuo, saying, “I will also follow Xiaoyueyue in calling you big brother; do you mind it?”

Ouyang Shuo replied with a smile, “I am honored! I have heard Xiaoyue talking about you before, but seeing you in person, you really are true beauties.”

All women, no matter what kind, didn’t have much resistance to words of praise. Qinru, of course, was no exception, teasingly saying, “Complimenting me so, are you really pursuing our Xiaoyueyue here? If you are looking for information about her, if I know I will tell!”

It seemed that women, no matter what kind, couldn’t let go of the potential for gossip. Desperately, he tugged Bing’er forwards, saying. “You are really misunderstanding things. This is my sister Ouyang Bing. Xiaoyue took into account Bing’er, and that was the reason she let us share. It is not so complicated.”

In front of strangers, Bing’er was instantly a good little girl, and said crisply, “Beautiful sister, hello!”

Bing’er’s sweet good looks could kill both males and females. Qinru bent over to take her little hands, saying, “Wow, what a cute little sister! Come give sister a hug!” She did not care about whether Bing’er allowed and immediately embraced her. Not satisfied, she squeezed Bing’er’s cheeks and kissed them too.

Poor Bing’er struggled

to turn her little head, giving Ouyang Shuo a look asking for help. Ouyang Shuo stood on the side, unable to do anything. Bing’er made a little bitter face, staring at the big brother who could not save her.

At this time, Sun Xiaoyue and Pan Qiaoqiao finished their conversation and walked back. When Pan Qiaoqiao saw Bing’er she couldn’t resist too, just like that Bing’er had escaped the wolf’s jaws but had fallen into the tiger’s den.

What resulted was, of course, merely more suffering for Ouyang Shuo. Accompanying two girls shopping was more than enough for him, and now all of a sudden there were four of them!

He was like a free mule heaped up with stuff, following four girls, shuttling from one shop to the next with them.

Everyone watching him could only stare, so many men were envious of him, not knowing that he would have happily swapped spots with them. As they say, the one born with the blessing wouldn't know how to cherish that blessing is.



Later that night, Ouyang Shuo treated everyone to a sumptuous meal. Before leaving, Bing’er patted her belly in satisfaction.

Ouyang Shuo knew that his little sister had been walking for an entire day, and had to be tired. He squatted down, smiled and said, “Come, your brother will carry you back!”

Bing’er immediately grinned, laughing as she ran behind Ouyang Shuo, and jumped up into place on his back, her little arms wrapping skillfully around his neck.

Xiaoyue stood aside, watching Ouyang Shuo, each hand adorned with five or six bags, two more around his neck, and now carrying Bing’er, finding the sight secretly funny. However, she had no intentions of helping Ouyang Shuo carry things. He was a boy, and she was exercising a girl’s privilege!

After wandering all day, although he was a little tired, Ouyang Shuo was still happy in his heart. Seeing Xiaoyue had become more cheerful watching him carry Bing’er, this was a good thing. He also started a rare joke, turning back to Xiaoyue and saying, “It time to go! What, are you waiting for me to carry you too?”

Xiaoyue kicked his foot and walked away. Ouyang Shuo smiled on seeing that and hurried to keep up.

Back home, he brought Bing’er back into her room. She had already fallen asleep after her busy day. He took off her coat and covered her with a quilt. This time, she mumbled, “Bing’er still has to brush her teeth, she doesn’t want bad teeth!”

Amused, Ouyang Shuo patted her little head and said softly, “Little sister, you can brush your teeth in the morning, they will not be bad before then!” Her worries dealt with, the little girl wasted no time falling asleep.

Because it was already 9 PM, Ouyang Shuo wasn’t going to stay and was ready to return to his room. Xiaoyue stopped him in the hall. “Brother Shuo, in a few days my school will be on winter vacation, and I will be going home for New Years.”

Ouyang Shuo was a little shocked, saying softly, “Time really flies, in a blink of an eye it is already New Years! Don’t worry about anything. Anyway, Bing’er will also be on vacation soon. I will be around in the day to accompany her every day.”

Xiaoyue had specifically told him that she was leaving not because she was reluctant to leave Ouyang Shuo, but had been worried that Bing’er would have no one to play with her. Anyways, his territory was on the right track, so he didn’t have to log in so early every day, he could take over her job.

They talked about some matters, and then he went back to his room. Ouyang Shuo could feel that during the day Pan Qiaoqiao’s teasing had unsettled Xiaoyue. Between the two of them, it was less of a bond and more of an awkward atmosphere.



He was barely online when the system announcement filled his ears.

“Congratulations to player Di Chen for becoming the second Lord in China to upgrade to Grade 3 Village! Special reward of 1000 merit points!”

“Congratulations to player Di Chen...”

“Congratulations...”

They had moved so fast. In just one day Di Chen had overcome the damage and population loss from the battle and quickly upgraded to grade 3 village status.

After the Siege of Beasts, Di Chen’s Handan Village ranked fourth in the world, winning 450 gold coins. Several of the other Six Tyrants of Handan would also be getting financial rewards. It could be said that the financial burden of the village stage had, for them, ceased to exist.

If the system had not set a requirement on territory index points to upgrade to a township, Ouyang Shuo would believe that the Handan alliance might be able to get in front of him and be the first to upgrade to a township.

Ignoring the news and disturbance from the others, Ouyang Shuo called Cui Yingyu into his office with a friendly greeting, and handed his financial secretary the work he had written yesterday.

Yingyu took the document to look over, smiled and said, “Big Brother is so precise, this will help me a lot.”



They exchanged some ideas on what the Financial Secretary should be doing. Yingyu originally wanted her apprentice Du Xiaolan to be her Assistant Financial Secretary. Unfortunately, Ouyang Shuo had already promoted her to Assistant Secretary of the Material Reserves Division.

“How has Qian Lifei been doing recently?” Ouyang Shuo asked about Yingyu’s other apprentice. Ouyang Shuo didn’t have much contact with him, so he wanted to know what she thought of him.

Yingyu said cautiously, “Qian Lifei is still good, and is very motivated to do and learn things. Only, for some reason, he seems to suffer from low self-esteem, and is too cautious.”

“That’s good, nobody is perfect. As the Financial Secretary, it is necessary to be careful. As long as they can do their best, do not blame them much.” Ouyang Shuo said with a smile.

Cui Yingyu nodded in agreement.

“As for the rest of the staff, it will be necessary to find them slowly. My strategy is, rather than overdoing it, it’s better to wait until the establishment of the Lianzhou College. After the first batch of students graduate, select appropriate staff from the graduates to add to the Financial Division and the Four Seas Bank.”

“That seems to be the only way!” Yingyu agreed helplessly.

With Yingyu leaving, Gui Xiwen immediately came in.

Ouyang Shuo smiled and said, “Xiuwen, what kept you waiting at my door?”

“I have good news to report to you.”

“Oh, what good news?”

“Just as you said it would, today’s quota of people was a large amount, a full 63 people. This group of displaced people not only had someone with territory needs, such as a beginner potter, but also an advanced blacksmith,” Gu Xiuwen answered with a smile.

“What are the names of the two people, and their origins?”

“The potter is called Zhu Youzhi, nothing special about him. Advanced blacksmith Wang Gao had originally settled in the Qingshan village of a lord player, but it was destroyed in the Siege of Beasts, so he arrived here.”

Ouyang Shuo nodded. “All of sudden, all 3 of those buildings can now be put up. Go down to the Construction Division and let them know to get them done as soon as possible.”

Gu Xiuwen nodded and clearly agreed.



* * *





Chapter 41




Chapter 41

Chapter 41 - Recruitment



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Levs



Ouyang Shuo was now ready to go to the barracks and see the newly selected recruits.

On the way, he saw that little Blackfang had grown up quite a bit. He followed Ouyang Shuo out of the courtyard, his feet rustling behind Ouyang Shuo. Since Er Wazi was in the private school, he had no one to play with during the day, the little dog could only chase himself around the courtyard.

Since Gu Sanniang was presiding over the manor’s kitchen, Blackfang’s food had improved greatly, always having meat in his meal. In less than a month’s time, he had grown quite big and sturdy.

Ouyang Shuo, as the master, every time he wasn’t managing the affairs of the territory, he was back in his room reading, never playing and spending time with Blackfang. Seeing how often its owner ignored it, Blackfang had built up some resentment. Seeing its owner going out, Blackfang moved pitifully along after him, not wanting to be separated from him.

Ouyang Shuo did not care about this, letting the dog follow, heading straight out. Along the way were many construction sites, a busy scene. On the commercial street, a bakery, butcher’s shop, and clothing shop had already been started being built.

The wave of privatization was intensifying and it was being talked about everywhere. At the bakery’s construction site, two teens were in deep conversation.



“Hey, Little Wang, why do you seem to have so much energy today?”

“Haha, it's all because of privatization. Yesterday, I talked to Cui Hua secretly. She said that, as long as I can buy a house for us, she would marry me and be my wife.”

“Hey yo, boy, that's amazing. Usually, you’re like a dull kid, how did you suddenly hook up with such a pretty girl like Cui Hua. You really hide your skills deep you kid!!”

“What.. what hook up? We love one another, do you understand!”

“Others aren't sure of you but I'm very sure! You little brat have so many flowery tricks! I see, those little ladies all fall for your tricks! Usually so serious and honest, and at the crucial time, you're methods are aplenty!”

“What, do not discredit my image, you are just jealous of me!”

“Jealous of your good luck, ah, you are my good brother, you find a wife, I am only happy for you. Even so, brat, teach me a couple moves, so I can find myself a beautiful girl, live with her and lead a happy life, that's called bliss!”

“What kind of move, it’s called moving her heart with sincerity! If you don’t know, go worship in the temple to Mazu and pray earnestly, she will help you.”

“Bah, what nonsense. Mazu is the goddess of the sea, she doesn’t control marriages.”

“If you do not believe, then forget what I said. Let's quickly finish our work. Later, I have to ask about how much a small courtyard cost.”

Ouyang Shuo, listening to the two talk about their love lives, moved towards them and asked, “What is your name, and where do you belong to?”

“Answering the lord, this is Wang Er, I belong to the craftsmen, and I am a mason,” one of the young men answered stiffly.

“Mason, mason is a good craft. You wanted to know the price of a small courtyard? I can tell you now, it is about 600 copper coins. As long as you want one, you will be able to get one sooner or later.”

“Thank you, lord!” Wang Er said excitedly.

“Do not thank me, this is what you deserve. Did you say, you wanted to take a wife? Very good, wow, this is a big thing! When you marry, I will per

sonally be there as a witness!”

Wang Er was so excited words could not describe it.

Ouyang Shuo patted his shoulder, smiled and said, “Ok, get back to work! Remember my words. When you have your wedding, make sure you come to the manor and invite me!”

Wang Er rapidly nodded his head, his companions giving him envious looks all around.



Yesterday, the Construction Division had begun to upgrade the barracks, working overtime, and it had been successfully completed this morning. The new barracks had five times the area of the old one, and even if it is fully staffed, it would no longer appear crowded.

On the brand new training field, General Shi was out there with Lin Yi, busy picking out troops. This time around, he needed 73 recruits to expand the military, and so his workload was large. Yesterday the recruitment announcement had been posted. After defending the town during the Siege of Beasts, the General was more enthusiastic than ever.

Ouyang Shuo estimated a bit, the total force of the army would be about 120 people. Without any surprise, he found out most of the candidates were from the ex-militia reserves team.

Because of the demands on soldiers, in order to select the best out of the best, General Shi set guidelines for height, weight, vision and physical fitness. Only by meeting all the minimum requirements could one be admitted.

Height could not be less than 173 cm. In ancient times, such a height was already a high standard.

Body requirements were strong legs and an athletic body that could develop power. Strength came from sturdy legs, and wide shoulders and a narrow waist were important. In addition to this, strength requirements were mainly tested by arm strength.

Arm strength was a requirement for using the crossbow. They were recruiting more crossbow cavalry, requiring each soldier to be able to arm a crossbow. The arm strength test was very simple. As long as you could use one hand to lift a 50 kg stone block, then you were considered strong enough. A weak person with weak arms could not lift it.

Crossbow Calvary, in general, had high vision demands. Night blindness and myopia patients were eliminated first, and then from the rest of them, those with the best vision were picked.

The last one was the physical test, which required the candidates to run ten laps around the training field to pass. The field was close to four hundred meters around, so they would have to run nearly four kilometers to pass.

Ouyang Shuo stood aside to observe the tests, watching with great interest. After every test was completed, some people were happy, others were sad. When a test was passed, there were cheers. If there was a failure, naturally they were dejected.

It took until 3 PM before all the new troops were selected. Seventy-three people that passed lined up near the barracks and the rest were eliminated.

Ouyang Shuo nodded his head, expressing his satisfaction over General Shi’s handling of this recruitment. He did not make any impromptu speech, but instead walked directly to the Class Change Chamber, and placed his right hand on the door.

“System notification: Congratulations for player Qiyue Wuyi for opening the barracks’ Class Change Chamber! With the Intermediate Barracks, farmers can be converted into militia, transfer costs 10 silver coins. A level 10 militiaman can also be converted into a rank one soldier, cost 1 gold coin. Please choose your transformation!”

“Transforming militia!”

“System Tip: Transforming confirmed, please select the number of transformations!”

“73 people!”

“System Tip: The number of transformations is confirmed, deducting from player Qiyue Wuyi 7 gold and 30 silver coins.”

On the training field, the new recruits were led one by one into the Class Change Chamber, and began their conversion. The militia would not go directly into the military intelligence or the cavalry division. They would be focused on leveling and training together. After their level had been raised to 10, they would be distributed according to their performance level. This was very similar to how recruits were handled in reality.

After the recruits had all been processed, Ouyang Shuo called General Shi, Lin Yi, and San Gouzi into the barracks. For the next stage of military duties, he felt the need for a separate arrangement.

“In the village stage, a cavalry squadron was enough to cope with all kinds of challenges. When our territory expanded, it was likely that there was a new raider’s camp near to us. This time, I will not participate in the destruction of the bandit camp. I hand full responsibility to the cavalry squadron and intelligence division.

“I have only one request. As far as possible, without risking casualties, include as many of the recruits as possible, let them see the blood of a fighting army, and what death is like. Let them fight.”

General Shi and Captain both nodded their heads, saying they understood.

“We cannot relax on their daily training. I suggest that General Shi presides over the preparation of a military conduct code, training systems, and discipline. Discipline is the soul of an army. From the beginning, it needs to be strict and unremitting. I'll write a guide on military discipline and day-to-day training for reference.”

General Shi had a solemn expression as he nodded seriously. This fierce general was naturally adept at the battle, but in the daily management of the army, he was still somewhat lacking. Fortunately, the army was still in its infancy. He had time, and he had Lin Yi on the side to help him, so Ouyang Shuo felt that this would be a very good thing.

“In addition to the raider camp, you cannot be soft to beast hordes. If we need to destroy them, then we must do so. We cannot let them form another siege like the last one, leaving a hidden danger behind. Long, long ago, the general met some wild goats, but they mysteriously disappeared. I was thinking they might have gone up the mountain to hide. Let the cavalry and intelligence division join forces and increase search efforts to find them and add another kind of livestock to the territory.”

After mentioning the wild goats, General Shi was a bit embarrassed. It had been so long, and they’d found no trace of the beasts. He shook his fist secretly and vowed to find them!

Ouyang Shuo turned to San Gouzi. “Military intelligence is just starting to be formed, I will not ask too much of it. Your task is outside. We cannot wait until after the territory upgrades to passively check the territory for security risks. There, the intelligence division is to take the initiative to explore the situation outside the territory to find out the distribution of the bandit camps, or even find the territories of other lords.

“In addition, I’ll give you a task attached to the scouting process. While you are out scouting, look around and see if you can find some mulberry tree seedlings, they are directly related to the village being able to upgrade to a township.” Ouyang Shuo looked back to General Shi. “This task is equally applied to the cavalry squadron.”

The officers all nodded and acknowledged the order.

“Well then, I look forward to good news from you in the future!” Ouyang Shuo neatly ended the conversation. There were a lot of things he would have to wait until their situation was clearer before discussing them further.



* * *





Chapter 42




Chapter 42

Chapter 42 - Rift



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun



Ouyang Shuo returned to his office, picked up his paper and pen, and began to integrate the real world’s federal discipline and military training code in preparation for setting the territory’s military behavior code, for General Shi’s reference.

The next day, after coming online, a burst of system announcements exploded in Ouyang Shuo’s ears.

“System Notification: Congratulations to player Chun Shenjun for becoming the third Lord in China to upgrade to Grade 3 Village! Special reward of 900 merit points!”

“System Notification: Congratulations to player Chun Shenjun…”

“System Notification: Congratulations…”

So it was Chun Shenjun; this was hardly surprising. Wealth was a very strong advantage in the early game. There was no pause for Ouyang Shuo to recover his senses before another announcement went off.



“System Notification: Congratulations to player Xiongba for becoming the fourth Lord in China to upgrade to the Grade 3 Village! Special reward of 800 merit points!”

“System Notification: Congratulations to player Xiongba…”

“System Notification: Congratulations…”

This announcement caused an immediate uproar in China. First one surprise, and now another one had appeared! Nobody thought that the status of the Six Tyrants of Handan would be challenged again. A dark horse could be considered as lucky. Two dark horses weren't luck but instead the inability of the horses in front.

The Six Tyrants of Handan who used custom game cabins, the imposing forces behind their backs, and their slowly built up hegemony... were now starting to be threatened.

Hence, Xiongba from King village announced himself in such a domineering manner. Even more interesting was that the names of King Village and the Six Tyrants were like dead rivals, meant to oppose one another. Suddenly, the calm air of China was getting filled with smoke.

At that moment, as if dropping this bomb wasn’t enough, someone suddenly decided to toss out some propaganda on the formerly quiet all-China channel.

“Chun Shenjun: You are awesome! Congratulations, congratulations!”

“Xiongba: Back at you! Back at you!”

The national channel required 1 gold for every single word. It was a luxury service, and this was the first time someone had used it. However, no one was paying attention to the luxury behavior, instead what they were curious about was the hidden meaning which was revealed by those simple words.



Chen Shenjun and Xiongba, both had upgraded to a grade 3 village, and then through the national channel gave one another congratulatory calls, which was sort of strange. One of them was one of the Six Tyrants of Handan, the God of Wealth, and backbone of the group. The other was a challenger to the Six Tyrants, and should’ve been an enemy of them.

Strange that both of them should be on opposing sides, but yet they were on friendly terms. Was this a coalition? What it meant was something everyone was hungry to know. Everyone could not help but wonder if the coalition of the Six Tyrants, the strongest in China, was ready to fall apart?

Truthfully, Ouyang Shuo couldn’t read the situation either. In his past life, the Six Tyrants were unshakeable, destroying all challengers. At the same time, because of the lack of challenges, it was difficult for outsiders to speculate on the relationship between the Six Tyrants. Even if they had problems, they had always resolved it privately, giving no one a glimpse of their internal politics. Di Chen of the Six had often played the role of mediator.

This time though, the Six had not bonded so

strongly when Ouyang Shuo struck them successively three times, and then when they were successfully struck by Xiongba. Whether the Six people would be able to maintain that level of trust was really pretty hard to say.



***********************

At the same time in Jingdu, near the Handan Village Council, Di Chen was sitting on the throne, his face gloomy. In the chamber, the backbone of his village staff was gathered. They were just about to begin their meeting but met with such a situation.

“Is second brother trying to challenge me?” Di Chen’s voice was cold, making people stiffen in fear.

It was no surprise why he was so angry. Other people did not know the identity of Xiongba, but he was crystal clear on who it was. The family of Xiongba was also a political family, and they had always had a hostile relationship with him. Between them, there would always be rivalry and animosity.

Now, a member of the Handan Alliance, Chun Shenjun, had even openly spoken with Xiongba, which was, as far as Di Chen was concerned, a naked betrayal.

The sudden emergence of Qiyue Wuyi did not make Di Chen so angry. After all, as long as the Handan Alliance stayed together, there could be no forces in China who could shake them. But now, a crack in the wall was before them, and he could not erase it.

The atmosphere of the chamber was exceptionally solemn; no one dared to speak out.

Sitting next to him, Juedai Fenghua broke the deadlock, saying, “Chen, now is not the time to be angry. We have to find out as soon as possible what Chun Shenjun intended with his words. More importantly, we have to see what the other four members are thinking. Otherwise, if this happens again, it may ruin everything.”

“This, I am afraid it is not so simple. Shenjun dared to speak this time; he may already be ready to move. It is also possible that in this matter, he is simply blowing smoke, deliberately confusing us so that he can profit from disorder,” Di Chen calmly analyzed.

“The idea is that, while stabilizing the interior of the Alliance, you could also find new allies to fill the gap left by Chun Shenjun.”

Di Chen frowned, hesitating to say, “You speak of new allies, you mean Qiyue Wuyi?”

“Yes. As long as we succeeded in drawing Qiyue Wuyi over, then the strength of the alliance will not only not be damaged, but strengthened,” Juedai Fenghua said.

“But if we can’t even find out his identity at this point, how can we figure out if we can trust him?” Di Chen habitually retorted.

Juedai Fenghua smiled beautifully, “In fact, we are blinded by our inertial thinking in reality. Think about it. In Earth Online, is the real identity so important? A year from now, our real identities will basically no longer exist and will re-shuffled into a new life.”

Di Chen realized her point. “Yes, I want to see if we can rope him in. As long as we have a common goal in the game, even if we don’t know his real identity, it really doesn’t matter. Qiyue Wuyi needs to expand in the game; he is going to need to find allies. In the whole of China, what could be more attractive than our alliance? Ha, so it seems that for this matter, I should send him a message, and invite him to join the Handan Alliance.

“Shenjun, this act of yours, I must make you regret it.”

Juedai Fenghua nodded her head, her heart was not as confident as Di Chen. But this was not the time to speak, so she could only stay silent and make calculations in her heart.

While Di Chen was thinking about how to counter the actions of Shenjun, Chun Shenjun had already been a step ahead of him and already sent a message to Ouyang Shuo.



Receiving invitations from both Chun Shenjun and Di Chen did not surprise Ouyang Shuo, but it was impossible for him to join either party. Ouyang Shuo was very clear that the moment they found out his bottom line, they would turn on him and eat him until not even his bones were left.

To be in an alliance, you had to be with similar people. It was difficult for people from different circles and status to come together. Ouyang Shuo’s pride was strong and wasn’t the kind of person who wanted to be under someone else. Likewise, whether it was Di Chen or Chun Shenjun, they would want the dominant position in any alliance. Between them, there were irreconcilable differences.

Ouyang Shuo immediately sent messages back to both Di Chen and Chun Shenjun, casually noting that now wasn’t a good time to talk about alliances, but they might be able to talk about such things at a later date.

As Ouyang Shuo was sending his replies, in Dali’s Consonance Village, the four core members of Consonance Studio, ‘Green Red Purple White’ were all gathered together.

“Sister, this person Shenjun is trying to start an alliance with Xiongba, what do you think?” The one who spoke was Tsing Yi. She looked like a little girl, but she held the studio together.

“According to their previous contact in other games, Chun Shenjun had been a strong controller of other people. In the Handan Six Tyrants, only he and Zhan Lang were old game players. The other four were all first-timers. Chun Shenjun had long been accustomed to being the dominating, king player in games, and even Zhan Lang had been defeated at his hands.

“But in Earth Online, Di Chen had won the leadership position, and even the Alliance’s name was based on Chen’s domain name, which made him the spokesman. Actually, what he did was nothing as long as they still had a common interest. Even though he had problems, he wouldn't retaliate.”

“Who would have thought that a freak like Qiyue Wuyi would emerge. The Six Tyrants have lost three times in a row; their dominance is now crushed. Chun Shenjun is naturally unwilling to stick with them; it’s not a surprise he is making a move here.”

Bai Hua was truly a leader among professional players, and her analysis of Chun Shenjun was crystal clear. It was like the old saying went: the person who understood you best was often your enemy. In previous games, Consonance Studio and Chun Shenjun had many conflicts; the two could be considered old rivals.

Second sister Zi Luolan smiled and said, “Sister, the freak you talked about is in Dali just like us.”

Of the sisters, Luolan was the most lively, the team diplomat, and second in command, so she dared to talk back to Bai Hua. She giggled at Bai Hua, who remained serene and calm, but frowned. Purple left her with something to think about.

Bai Hua glanced at the other sisters, her commanding presence on display.

“Second sister, we could try to talk to Qiyue Wuyi. Even if we could not enter an alliance, we could indicate our goodwill.”

Third sister, Hong Ying was a militant, and hearing this, was a bit unhappy, muttering, “Why do you want to show goodwill? Yeah, we are not afraid of him. I really want to fight him, and make him run away.”

Tsing Yi raised her hand, saying helplessly, “Third Sister, please stop only thinking about fighting and killing. From everything eldest sister has learned from the closed beta, this game is not simple, with many hidden secrets. Before the situation is clear, one friend is better than one enemy.”

Of the four, Hong Ying was the fearless one. But in eloquence, she was still far behind Tsing Yi. She just muttered and didn’t say anything else.

Bai Hua laughed and shook her head. “What Tsing Yi said is right. Second sister should contact Qiyue Wuyi and test his attitude and we shall then decide.”

Zi Luolan nodded. External contact was her job, and she was naturally going to handle this.



* * *





Chapter 43




Chapter 43

Chapter 43 - Alliance



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Levs



When Ouyang Shuo received the message from Zi Luolan, he was a bit shaken.

The alliance offers from Di Chen and Chun Shenjun, he could ignored but the one from Consonance Village, he had some interest in. The Four Flowers of Consonance Studio came from non-special backgrounds. Their credibility in the industry was also recognized, and so much more in line with his alliance conditions.

Ouyang Shuo immediately sent back a message that he was willing to accept the terms of an alliance.

At 10 AM, Fan Zhongyan and Zhao Dexian came into his office together. After they sat down, Zhao Dexian was the first to speak. “Lord, we are here to talk about the farmland situation.”

“What is the plan for the farmland?”

“According to the distribution of the people, the current number of farmers is about 180 people, and the existing farmland is two thousand acres. Therefore, the opinion of the Reclamation Division is that the distribution of the farmers be ten acres of farmland per person. The extra two hundred acres will be held out as public property, to be sold at a later date or to reward people as desired,” Zhao Dexian told him.

Ouyang Shuo frowned, looked over at Fan Zhongyan and asked, “What is the opinion of the Administration Department?”

Looking at his lord’s attitude, he seemed to be less than satisfied with the distribution plan. But Fan Zhongyan had already gone over this program with Zhao Dexian, and agreed to it.

Therefore, the scholar could only bite the bullet and say, “The Administration department has no objection to this allocation program.”

Ouyang Shuo sighed. “It seems that your development strategy and understanding of the territory is not thorough enough. You are still thinking that farming is the core of our assets, and you want to guard it instead of letting it go as part of this privatization. What is the purpose of privatization? It’s not to split farmer fields, but to inspire the handicrafts and commerce of the territory.

“The territory doesn’t need public land, and ministers are not allowed to reward land for meritorious service. Therefore, the provisions of your plan are strictly prohibited, in order to curb this conservative thinking about the land. All of the farmland should be assigned to farmers. The transformation of these thoughts must be done by you, and only if your thoughts are changed, can you guide the villagers to also change their minds.”

Fan Zhongyan and Zhao Dexian hung their heads before him, ashamed.

“As for the allocation of farmland, I agree with the plan generally. However, raise the number of farmers to 200. Each farmer will be allocated with 10 acres of farmland, that way, an ordinary family of three will have farmland of 20 acres, this is far more reasonable. Use it as a standard for distributing farmland. Use the amount of farmland to determine the number of farmers, like salt workers.”

Zhao Dexian nodded his head, showing he understood. Then he asked, “Sire, there is a need to report on another matter. These last couple of days, speaking with the farmers, we found that there is a concern. Prior to the ripening of potatoes, farmers will have no source of income, and now it is the farming down time. Relying on the one benefits of territory basic welfare, they fear that it is not enough to survive.”

“Look, more inherent thinking at work. Are they only farmers? The territory is building up, there is a demand for construction workers everywhere! In the

slack season, the farmers can go to the building sites to help the workers to earn money for their families!” Zhao Dexian understood suddenly, and buried his face in his hands. He said embarrassingly, “What the lord said is right, it seems our thinking needs to change, or we won’t be able to keep up with the development and improvements to the territory, I am sorry!”

Ouyang Shuo was pleased that they finally understood. “This privatization is not only here to break the reliance on the lord for everything. We want to recognize the magic of the market, to recognize everyone’s pioneering spirit. To reach that point, you must have a correct understanding.”

Fan Zhongyang, still showing his shame, solemnly said, “As the Director of the Administration Department, I am ashamed to say I still have an inferior understanding of sire’s intentions. I originally wanted to make my report to sire about the privatization program, but after sire’s instruction, I find that a lot of content in the program is too conservative, and I need to readjust things. Please forgive me, my lord, and grant me an additional two days time.”

Ouyang Shuo smiled and said, “Do not blame yourself. In the face of new things, things will obviously be different from usual. Your ability I am very trusting of.”

Fan Zhongyan nodded, and with Zhao Dexian, rose and left the office.

At 2 PM, Ouyang Shuo went out to the barracks. He had finished writing the Military Behaviour Code of Conduct, and wanted to deliver it to General Shi, as well as see the training situation of the recruits.

Leaving the barracks, Ouyang Shuo thought about the news he’d received from General Shi. After two days of scouting, the cavalry team finally found a raider camp. It was located in the northwest corner of the territory, an intermediate camp on the shore of the Friendship River.

The intermediate raider camps generally numbered 300 people in the area, including a large number of combatants. Compared to the basic raider camp, the level of combatants had clearly increased. There were level 20 ordinary raiders, level 25 elite raiders, and at least level 30 leader types, including the boss.

In accordance with General Shi’s plan, they would wait until the cavalry squadron was fully formed before moving in, destroying the camp in one fell swoop. After all, things were different now. They had cavalry now, it was nothing like last time, when militia were the only troops they could use.

The cavalry soldiers were not only armored, but was also skilled with bows, mounted, and had experienced a baptism of war. Their individual combat effectiveness was greater than elite bandits. The most experienced veterans of the Siege of Beasts had been promoted to the fourth rank, how could the raiders compare? Whether it was attacking or field warfare, they had the advantage. This was the gap between a regular military and those living in the wild.

Ouyang Shuo had agreed with General Shi. He didn’t want to lose his strategic advantage. He also did not want to push the raiders into a corner. He deliberately told General Shi that, if the conditions permit, he could try to recruit the raiders. With some screening, surrendered raiders could be recruited into the army. As long as they were bound by strict military discipline, they would make qualified soldiers.

Coming back to the manor, he just received an alliance request from Bai Hua. He removed the Lord’s Handbook from his storage bag, and opened the territory column. He found Consonance Village, its lord was Bai Hua. After confirming, an alliance application automatically came up. He clicked to confirm, and a contract popped up.

Ouyang Shuo read it carefully from beginning to end, a total of four major terms.

First of all, if anyone wanted to cancel the covenant they had to give three days advance notice. Termination did not require the approval of the other party and could be done unilaterally.

Second, they could negotiate through the Advanced Market Platform for cross-regional trade. In order to encourage free trade between allies, the system would reduce the tax by 10%.

Third, when the territory is upgraded to a county, you could transfer people between Allies using the Teleportation Formation. If one side was having problems, the other party could support them by sending people using the Formation, the cost would be 1 gold coin per person.

Fourth, after the opening of the battlefield maps, allies can choose to select the same side. In the process, you can team up and complete war quests.

After reading the covenant, Ouyang Shuo took the Lord’s official seal out of his storage bag, and touched the contract with it. At that point, Consonance Village and Shanhai Village officially formed an alliance.

At the same time, in the Consonance Game Studio, the four flowers were together, staring at the screen. When they saw that the contract had been signed, they started jumping around excitedly.

“Sister, this Qiyue Wuyi is not so difficult to work with. He agreed so readily to an alliance,” Zi Luolan spoke up first.

“Yes, yes, it seems the charms of big sister are really different, bah, one shot, you won over the number 1 lord in the world so easily, hehe!” Tsing Yi promptly countered her.

“It seems big sister will have another admirer under her skirt~” Third sister Hong Ying also joked.

In the face of her three joking sisters, Bai Hua did not move, pulling back her long hair, and saying lightly, “Qiyue Wuyi was able to have today’s achievements, how could he be superficial. According to his email return, he has rejected alliances from Shenjun and Di Chen. Seems like he did so for a reason.”

Tsing Yi nodded her head. “I say he probably had a couple of reasons for doing so. Probably, he is not like what the online rumors were saying, the successor of some secret family, but he’s only a civilian player just like us. So, he turned down a big force like Chun Shenjun, and instead picked our Consonance Game Studio. In addition, his ambition is as big as Chun Shenjun, but he isn’t such a jackass.”

Hong Ying whispered, “You mean that Qiyue Wuyi wants to eat our Consonance Village, since he is stronger than us?”

“I do not know how will it go on at the end of the day. But at least if we compare strength now then that's the case.”

Zi Luolan gave a teasing smile, touched the sulking Hong Ying, and said, “Don’t think such bad things. He already politely refused Chun Shenjun and Di Chen, rather than a direct rejection. This tells us that he is not a person who is too dominant, and our alliance is more or less from the perspective of a mutually beneficial cooperation.”

Although Tsing Yi was smart, Zi Luolan was definitely better at grasping human nature. Therefore, she accepted the judgement of her, nodding in recognition of her point.

Bai Hua smiled, pleased. “I think both of your analysis are very reasonable. Whether Qiyue Wuyi is or is not the descendent of a secret family, or what kind of ambition he has, right now he has only one known identity. He is an ally of us and our Consonance Village. This alliance with Shanhai, we will keep confidential between the four of us. This is too high profile, it will draw too much interest and attract too much trouble.”

The other three nodded, understanding that point.

Ouyang Shuo did not know that his motives had been guessed by the other side, at this point of time, he was simply reading in his office again.



* * *





Chapter 44




Chapter 44

Chapter 44 - Break downs



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun



Over the next three days, China’s top 10 grade 3 village ranking filled up. A new round of the contest officially kicked off.

Chun Shenjun and Xiongba’s alliance created a storm that was still brewing. Just yesterday afternoon, the Tyrants of Handan had officially split into two factions. The first was composed of Di Chen, Zhan Lang, Feng Qiuhuang, and Sha Pojun, forming a new Handan Union, which was promptly dubbed the Handan Four Xia...which was a homophone for Shrimps. Di Chen’s prestige suffered a major blow, and Ouyang Shuo who had done nothing was blamed and hated by Di Chen.

Chun Shenjun had successfully brought over Feng Qingyang, in addition to allying with Xiongba and Wandering Magic. Together they had formed the Chunqiu Union. Chun Shenjun successfully won the top spot in their alliance, with Xiongba and Wandering Magic also now getting access to compete at the top level in the game. It was the best of both worlds for them.

As for Feng Qingyang going into the Union, Ouyang Shuo wasn’t surprised. As the descendents of a martial arts family, Feng Qingyang had the least amount of shared interests with the other five Handan Tyrants, so breaking off from them was relatively easier.

But Sha Pojun staying in the former alliance did surprise him. As the representative of underworld forces, Sha Pojun naturally did not get along well with the other tyrants who were political families and ancient clans. The only reason that could explain his decision to stand along Di Chen was probably because he and Chun Shenjun had ran a deep rivalry that could never be resolved.

Xiongba was really wily, successfully pulling a knife on the Six Tyrants, and provoking Di Chen and Chun Shenjun into a confrontation. In one fell swoop, he broke their alliance. Everything that he did before was just for show.

What was even more alarming was that Ouyang Shuo knew that in his past life, Wandering Magic and Xiongba were allies. This time, Xiongba bringing Wandering Magic into the Chunqiu Union could be truly intriguing. It looked like Xiongba had kept Chun Shenjun in the dark, truly an old fox.

With these moves, China’s domination by the Six Tyrants of Handan had suddenly evolved into the Handan Union and the Chunqiu Union. Secretly, Shanhai Village and the Consonance Village were also in alliance, and could faintly be considered the 3rd pole in the challenge for hegemony.

Even though Ouyang Shuo had instigated all of this with his butterfly effect, he hadn’t thought that change would come so fast or so hard. He could only say that ambition was a wonderful thing. With only a slight move, you could really churn up the ground.

Even as the situation was changing outside, Ouyang Shuo remained low-key, obsessed with territorial affairs every day. He did not mind Di Chen’s spite at all. Not wanting to provoke trouble didn’t mean that he was afraid of trouble. With the split of the Six Tyrants of Handan, there was no longer one superpower in china. Inadvertently, Ouyang Shuo had become the biggest winner of the ongoing drama.

Yesterday, the wave of immigrants had finally reverted back to normal. For five consecutive days, Shanhai Village had brought in 255 displaced people, saving 12 days time building his population for the next big upgrade to the level of township.

Because a large amount of the migrants had come from other players’ territories, the number of skilled migrants was particularly large. Not only did he get members of the basic classes of carpenters, masons, miners and so forth, but also an intermediate shipbuilder and a

former official. The intermediate shipbuilder was called He Miao, a 23-year-old young man that Ouyang Shuo promptly sent off to the intermediate shipyard as Zheng Dahai’s deputy. His shipyard could currently create not only fishing boats that could hold 10 people, but also small warships. Unfortunately, Shanhai Village had no sailors or marines, so for now he had no use for warships.

The former official’s name was Su Ze. Ouyang Shuo originally wanted to send him to the Material Reserves Division, serving as the Secretary. Yet Mr. Su surprised him by saying he had gone through the ups and downs of political offices, and had no intention of being an official again. Given no choice, Ouyang Shuo respected his decision and had arranged for him to work in Lianzhou College instead, serving as a professor. He was glad to accept the work of educating people.

Name: Su Ze (Gold)Identity: Shanhai Village Lianzhou College ProfessorOccupation: Civil Servant (Juren)Loyalty: 75Command: 25Force: 15Intelligence: 55Political: 65

Features: Education Preacher (Enhances the quality of residents in the territory by 10%)

Evaluation: A poet, with full knowledge of classic poetry and literature. Retired after getting tired of the ups and downs of political office.

With the addition of Mr. Su, coupled with the construction of Lianzhou College, Shanhai’s cultural index flew up to 30 points, satisfying one of the minimum requirements to upgrade to a town.

In fact, with Fan Zhongyan’s name, he could have directly pushed Shanhai’s cultural index to 30 back then. Unfortunately, Fan Zhongyan had administrative duties, and his position of principal of Lianzhou College was part-time. So his ability to enhance the culture of the territory was greatly reduced. But as soon as Mr. Su joined the college as a professor, his ability to enhance local culture was applied to great effect.

Now, of the 4 indices, only the economic index had not yet reached the required standard. With the gradual progress of his privatization efforts, Ouyang Shuo believed that the economic index would soon reach 30 points. This would happen sooner or later.



At 10 AM, Ouyang Shuo was in his office, and Fan Zhongyan, Zhao Dewang, and Zhao Youfang were all there, ready to discuss the purchases and sales of the materials.

As the deputy secretary of the Material Reserves Division, Zhao Youfang spoke first. “During the first 3 months, food, clothing and other materials can only be purchased through the Basic Market. It is the Secretary’s opinion that these primary materials should be bought and sold by the Reserves Division until the territory is self-sufficient, at which time the market should be completely opened.”

Ouyang Shuo nodded. “In that case, not only do we need to build a bakery, butcher shop, and clothing store, we also need warehouses to store goods. In addition, we need the training in place for staff to run those shops once they are in place.”

“The 3 shops will be run directly by the Material Reserves Division. We are ready to recruit the staff for them from the villagers,” Zhao Youfang replied.

“You must be careful about the arrangements for the staff. I do not want the shop staff to collide with people who work in the Department. That will start raising questions about potential theft.”

Once privatized, it would be easy for greed to take root. Ouyang Shuo had to walk a tight line here. Especially in the Material Reserves Division, when the profits were high, it was easy to have corruption.

Zhao Youfang nodded vigorously at the command.

“In addition, the other materials should not be self-sufficient at the moment, except possibly the fish. On this point, how does the Division wish to proceed? Complete purchase and resale?” Ouyang Shuo wasn’t too happy with that idea, considering it too rigid.

Hearing Ouyang Shuo’s words, Youfang was unsettled, thinking that Ouyang Shuo was not satisfied with their work. He didn’t know how to answer.

Fortunately, Fan Zhongyan spoke up about his solution for the problem, smiling and taking over. “At this stage, the amount of fish sold locally is small, it is mainly for exporting. As I see it, we don’t even need to build any fish market. Simply just set up two to three stalls in the butcher’s shop for fish, and allow the fishermen to rent them. This will make it convenient to sell the fish and facilitate the collection of the booth tax by the Financial Division.”

Ouyang Shuo smiled, relaxing the atmosphere. He turned to Zhao Dewang and asked, “The price of properties, has the Construction Division identified what they should be?”

Yesterday afternoon, the Construction Division and the Financial Division discussed the salary levels and had come up with a pricing formula for the various types of properties. We wanted sire to approve before we release it.”

Hearing Zhao Dewang raising the issue of wages, Ouyang Shuo unconsciously smiled. Right now, for the purposes of price guidance and setting price levels, the Administration Department hadn’t said much and the Financial Division had passed it on.

When Fan Zhongyan had sent on the first drafts of the proposals to the Financial Division, Cui Yingyu had flatly rejected them. The wage level was too high and the price levels were far too low. Fan Zhongyan had been angry enough to choke from the rejection.

The two were at opposite ends. One was always worrying about the people, everything was for their benefit, while the other one was watching the treasury like a hawk, born to spend money wisely.

Finding no compromise, they’d had to trouble Ouyang Shuo. Ouyang Shuo had come down firmly on the side of Yingyu, rejecting the first drafts of the Administration department.

Some of the things Fan Zhongyang wanted to implement in his proposals were simply outrageous. If he had followed the view of the implementation, it wouldn’t have been long before Ouyang Shuo would be eating and drinking air. He could not help but say, the great scholar’s worries about his country must have a limit to them. He practically treated the people like treasure and the ruler like dirt.

This was the first time Ouyang Shuo showed his temper, rescinding the rights of setting living costs and wages from the Administration Department and requiring them to discuss with the Financial Division before calming this storm.

Through this test, Fan Zhongyan himself also realized that Ouyang Shuo was not the kind to just accept whatever was presented him blindly, like a good boy. No matter how talented you were, if you lost your reason you wouldn’t get things accomplished. Shanhai Village, in the end, was Ouyang Shuo’s private territory, not some idealized country. Pure idealism would simply not work.

Seeing Ouyang Shuo’s thoughtful expression, Fan Zhongyan was clearly embarrassed.

Ouyang Shuo knew that he had lost his temper and smiled apologetically. In any case, he still respected the few secretaries. As long as they worked together a few more times and found one another’s bottom lines, they could resume working harmoniously and things would proceed more smoothly.

Ouyang Shuo turned to look at Zhao Dewang. “This is a good idea, very efficient. Announcing the real estate prices earlier would reduce the villagers’ suspicions, and reassure everyone.”

Zhao Dewang smiled agreeably in his honest manner, and did not say anything, agreeing with his words. On the other side, Zhao Youfang seemed preoccupied, having not yet recovered from Ouyang Shuo’s earlier criticism.

When the meeting was over, Ouyang Shuo specifically patted Zhao Youfang’s shoulder to show him some encouragement. He could not afford to neglect his people. Although this time things had not met his approval, it could be considered as a learning opportunity.



* * *





Chapter 45




Chapter 45

Chapter 45 - Master



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Levs



Ouyang Shuo strode directly into the barracks, recruits were lined up on the training field. With an apologetic smile, he moved straight to the Class Change Chamber and placed his right hand on the door.

“System Notification: Congratulations to player Qiyue Wuyi for opening the Class Change Chamber of the military barracks! The intermediate barracks can transform a farmer into a militiaman for 10 silver coins, and also transform a level 10 militia into a rank 1 ordinary soldier for the cost of 1 gold coin! Please choose what you would like to do!”

“Transform militia to rank one ordinary soldiers!”

“System Notification: Transformation confirmed, please select the number of transformations!”

“73!”

“System Prompt: detected the basic soldier token. 53 job change uses remaining, do you want to use them first?”

“Yes, prioritize them!”

“System Notification: Please choose the direction of the remaining 20 people you are transforming. You can choose infantry, sailors, or cavalry. Infantry will cost 50 silver, sailors will cost 100 silver, and cavalry will cost 150 silver.”

“I choose cavalry!”

“System Notification: The number of transformations is confirmed, deducting from player Qiyue Wuyi 30 gold coins.”

After opening the Class Change Chamber, 73 militiamen marched inside in an orderly manner, and began their transformations. The last batch of 20 people were transformed into ordinary cavalry, and Ouyang Shuo glanced at their stats.

Name: GanghuIdentity: Military Intelligence Division Second Squad SoldierOccupation: CavalryLevel: Rank 1Combat Power: 15Consumption: 5 Units of Food/Day (note: Including mount)Skills: Basic Riding

Equipment: Ordinary Horse, Ordinary Javelin, Ordinary Armor, Ordinary Wooden Shield

Evaluation: This is the most basic cavalry unit. In order to use the advantages of cavalry in battle, in addition to rigorous training, they also need to be equipped with better gear.



Compared to the crossbow cavalry, ordinary cavalry was like being raised by a stepmother. Not only did they not get the 5 point power bonus, they only got basic riding as a skill. Even their equipment had a large difference, it was about equal to that of an elite raider.

Fortunately, when they destroyed the last raider camps, they’d seized a number of wooden bows and iron swords, barely enough to train these new 20 cavalry with into bow calvary.

General Shi revealed that he would be using two days to train up the team before taking the whole team in two days and commence exterminating the new raider camp. He would promote a new sergeant, as per previous practice, based on how well they performed in combat. Ouyang Shuo naturally had no objection.

Leaving the barracks, Ouyang Shuo was ready to walk around the town and visit everything. In the last three days, most of the infrastructure buildings had been completed, and as a lord, he needed to look over everything.

He first entered the wine workshop. The manager of the workshop was from Recruitment Hall, the advanced winemaker Du Chun.

Seeing Ouyang Shuo, Du Chun greeted him with his two new apprentices, bowing respectfully and saying, “Sire has come in person, we did not welcome you well!”

Ouyang Shuo said with a smile, “I have been busy recently and neglected Master Du, I am sorry.”

“I am terribly

honored, there is no need for my lord to visit me.” Du Chun said excitedly. “You need not be so humble. Your workshop, when will it begin its operation? Are there any difficulties?” Ouyang Shuo asked directly.

Du Chun was embarrassed as he answered, “I cannot hide this from the lord, I am ashamed, we have not yet officially opened.”

“Oh? Why is this?” Ouyang Shuo wondered if there had been an accident. The wine workshop should have been upgraded during the grade 3 village upgrade, but it had been several days, and yet it had not even opened?

“it is because of the grain. On average, 3 units of rice can brew one unit of wine. The territory now has a shortage of food, and is relying entirely on purchasing food from the external market. Therefore, the Material Reserves Division said that purchasing grain this way is not suitable for alcohol.”

Ouyang Shuo slapped his forehead. The Material Reserves Division’s short-sighted nature was a constant headache. Since Cui Yingyu had left, the Material Reserves Division had been making constant mistakes, it really seemed he had to reorganize it. Unfortunately, Mr. Su had refused the position, so he really couldn’t find a suitable person to take it over.

In front of Du Chu, Ouyang Shuo also couldn’t criticize the Division on their mistakes, and instead asked, “Has Master Du heard of Guilin Three Flower wine?”

“My lord is referring to what is also known as Ruilu Three Flower wine?” Du Chun asked carefully.

“Yes! Does Master Du think that Shanhai’s conditions would allow you to brew it here?”

Master Du was clearly informed about the Three Flowers wine, and said confidently, “As the saying goes, water is the blood of the wine, rice is the meat of the wine, and yeasts is the bones of the wine. To make it, we will need water, rice, and yeast.”

“Lijiang River, especially the underground spring water, has smooth and clear water, with no smell of debris and trace minerals, which will provide a fine blood for the Three Flowers wine. The rice of Lijiang River Valley is fine, with large full grains and a high starch rate, forming the ideal meat of the wine. Moreover, the specialty of the unique taste of Three Flowers wine is its herbal yeasts, the bone of the wine. It is said that after the initial making of the wine, it is loaded into stone cylinders and stored in rock caves for a year or two. After it ages, the wine is more aromatic, with a higher alcohol content.

“Shanhai Village is located in the Lianzhou Basin, similar to Guilin Region. The three conditions of water, rice, and yeasts should not be a difficulty. The water of the Friendship River is crystal clear, and comes from springs, much like the Lijiang River. I believe that, as long as we look for them carefully, we can find water comparable to those mountain springs. Finally, at the south of us are mountains, we should be able to easily find some stone caves to store the wine in.”

Ouyang Shuo laughed and said, “Master Du is indeed a wine expert, able to analyze a wine from the inside out! Since you have confidence in Shanhai being able to make Three Flowers wine, we will naturally give you our full support. I will go to the Basic Market and buy the Guilin Three Flower Wine Brewing Technology Manual. For rice supplies, do not worry, I will personally go to the Material Reserves Division and have them cooperate with you. Right now, I need you to find the right spring and cave.”

Du Chun had not really expected he would have the opportunity to brew the Three Flowers wine. Hearing all this, he said excitedly, “Du Chun thanks the lord for his trust, I will promise all my efforts to this task!”

Ouyang Shuo nodded, and headed to the Basic Market, spending 20 gold coins to buy the Guilin Three Wine Brewing Technology Manual. He brought it back to Du Chun before noon. Ouyang Shuo said nothing more, returning directly to the manor for lunch.

At the table, little sister Mu Qingsi was playing with the chopsticks, knocking on the table, laughing and saying, “Dang-dang! Everyone be quiet, I want to announce some good news!”

Cui Yingyu was still very indulgent of little sister Mu, and asked, “Let’s let little Mu declare her good news! I will listen!”

“Last time, during the Siege of Beasts, for all the wild dogs, wolves, wild boar, and bison, a lot of them dropped fur. Well, I have sewn them all into leather armor. I did not expect that, just after I finished sewing a suit of bison leather together this morning, I was promoted to a master tailor, hee hee!” Little Mu looked extremely excited and proud.

There was a clatter as Ouyang Shuo dropped his chopsticks. He looked rather stunned as they fell to the ground, looking at Mu Qingsi opposite him. He was really shocked. He knew that little Mu would be promoted to Master Tailor some day. But he never thought the day would come so fast.

Sitting next to her, Yingyu put down her chopsticks and reached out to pinch little Mu’s small face, proudly saying, “You are indeed the little monster of our family, what a feat! Look, your big brother is scared silly of you!”

Mu Qingsi did not bask in her praise, saying, “Sister…..! How can you say this! What little monster, it sounds so ugly, ahhhh!” She made a little panicking sound, like a child scolded by adults.

At this reaction, Ouyang Shuo deliberately coughed and said, “Yes, little sister really gave us a big surprise this time. Hey, 18-year-old master tailor. In order to reward you, big brother promises to grant you a wish. What you want, as long as I can buy it, I will get it for you.”

Little Mu didn’t say anything, Yingyu said teasingly, “Oh, our stingy brother is willing to splurge this time. Little Mu, think about what you want, it could be tearfully expensive. Even if big brother is bleeding, he cannot take it back.”

Little Mu thought hard, eyes moving, as if looking for a ghost. She gave Ouyang Shuo a malicious look, saying with a sweet voice, “Big Brother, I have heard that there is a legendary Dark-gold class tailor kit in the market, so good and convenient. Oh, it is also said to enhance one’s skill proficiency!”

Ouyang Shuo’s eyes immediately opened wide. Little Mu really had a big appetite. Although he didn’t know the specific price, dark-gold level equipments were rare technical equipments. He could easily predict what the price would be.

Giving her a fond look, Ouyang Shuo smiled and said, “Okay, brother will send you a dark-gold tailor kit. But, if it is too expensive for now, we will have to wait a week until I can sell the sea salt, and will have the capital to work with before I honor my promise.”

Little Mu had no hope that he would actually accept her wish, but was deliberately teasing him. She totally did not expect that he would grant her wish. She immediately cheered, bouncing up and running around to his side, giving him a big hug while laughing and saying, “Thank you, big brother!”

Ouyang Shuo tapped her little head, telling her to pay attention to her image and she couldn't be too daring.



* * *





Chapter 46




Chapter 46

Chapter 46 - Opening Ceremony, Part One



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun



Taking a little nap after the meal, Ouyang Shuo went to the Basic Market for the second time that day. He wanted to check and see how much the dark gold tailor kit that he’d promised Qing Er was actually going to cost.

He went into the wooden hut and clicked on the other items in the Special Items Trading Platform, looking for the tailor kit. They had everything, starting from the lowliest bronze level stuff, to the black iron, silver, and so forth. There were many items. At the highest gold level, items were relatively rare; there were only 10 of them. And as for the dark gold item Qing Er had asked for, there was only one set, sitting there alone in the search results, with no one interested in it.

Ouyang Shuo looked at the price, and his face paled. Good heavens, a full 120 gold coins. He had never bought such an expensive thing. No way, there was no way to afford it now. He would have to wait for a week before he could afford it.

Leaving the market bitterly, Ouyang Shuo was ready to complete the study tour that he had started that morning. The second leg involved going to the weapons workshop. This was located close to the barracks, run by the advanced blacksmith Wang Gao.

Unlike the mid-level smithy run by Li Tiezhu, the weapons workshop was specifically designed for military use and was not open to the public. It was also naturally not subject to privatization.

Talking about the pros and cons of the two businesses, you could only say that each had its advantages. After the smithy was privatized, it was self-supporting. As long as it had sufficient orders, its profits were very impressive, and naturally could not be compared to the fixed income of the weapons workshop.

The advantage of the weapons workshop was equally obvious. It had an unlimited ore supply. It did not have to worry about the pressure of the market and business. In addition, it created high-level weapons, and so the improvement of the skill proficiency of the blacksmith was not comparable. Therefore, if you were pursuing the height of smithing, the weapons workshop was undoubtedly more attractive.

Wang Gao naturally belonged to the latter mindset, and was still less than 30 years old. Seeing Ouyang Shuo, he greeted him warmly with a smile and said, “Ah, the lord finally has time today to visit the workshop.”

Wang Gao was undoubtedly confident. In the eyes of Ouyang Shuo, he was polite, thoughtful, and not too humble, and just right on the scale. He wasn’t like Lu Guangshi, Du Chun and the like, who upon seeing Ouyang Shuo were like mice once again seeing the same cat, treating him with utmost respect.

Ouyang Shuo liked the relaxed atmosphere, smiled back and said, “Since the workshop was established, I indeed have not been here. How about introducing me to everything?”

Wang Gao nodded, showing him around while talking. “We’ve only been open a few days, so the staff is not really in place. I am going to recruit four or five apprentices. One can help with miscellaneous tasks, and two can be considered reserve staff for large forging projects in the future.”

“Very good thinking. Compared to other workshops, your workload is going to be very heavy in the future; we must prepare early for this,” Ouyang Shuo said happily. It seemed that choosing Wang Gao to preside over the weapons workshop had been a very good choice. This advanced blacksmith was not only skilled, but had a sharp mind as well.

“At present, my workshop can only turn out iron swords, spears, javelins and other simple weapons. F

or more complex weapons and armor, we will need the relevant technical manuals,” Wang Gao said, showing off his equipment. Ouyang Shuo nodded. Weapons-forging technology had always been kept highly confidential by the government. Only in the government-owned weapons workshop could the relevant technology be mastered. Once in the official workshop, the need to keep it controlled meant that you could not leave easily.

Therefore, this technical bottleneck of Wang Gao didn’t surprise Ouyang Shuo at all. “Don’t worry about this matter. Within 2 months, there will be progress in this area.”

Wang Gao was happy to hear that. “With the lord’s permission, I have even more motivation. Then, I will take this time to cultivate some apprentices, and get the preparatory work done.”

Wang Gao was excited to see a plan ahead. Ouyang Shuo smiled, seeing in this man a fanatic about his trade.

Finishing his visit, he immediately left the workshop and did not linger.

For his last stop, Ouyang Shuo chose Lianzhou College. As for the pottery workshop, it had been built outside the village, and it was too late to visit it. He would have to do so when he had some time.

Lianzhou College was built in the school area next to private school, about the same size as the Mazu temple nearby.

Over the main entrance of the college hung the name plaque, inscribed by Fan Zhongyan. Originally, Fan Zhongyan had meant to let Ouyang Shuo personally inscribe the name of the college. However, as a modern man, Ouyang Shuo’s calligraphy was awful and ugly, and turned down the job. In cases where you need to decline you need to decline at all costs!

For the couplet to be put on the door, Ouyang Shuo proposed to choose one of Tang Song Eight Han Yu’s verses in the "Ancient and Modern Yinwen Passage", and wrote: ‘The road to the book mountain is covered by hard work, and the boat in the sea of knowledge is struggle.’

The college was divided into halves in front of and beyond the courtyard. The front portion was for the students, a total of 4 classrooms. The courtyard was located in the middle, with a few bamboo plants there, were intended for helping the students rest. The back area had a dedicated dining area for the students, and 4 bedrooms for the teachers at the college and their families to rest within.

Because there were no classes, the whole college was extremely quiet. Throughout the entire building, not a single student was to be seen. Ouyang Shuo walked through the main entrance and the front hall, and went straight to the backyard.

In the backyard near a small plot of bamboo, Mr. Su was leaning on an ornamental stone, focused upon reading a scroll. His look of leisure, almost hermit-like, was a source of envy for Ouyang Shuo.

Seeing Mr. Su reading so intently, Ouyang Shuo did not rush forward to disturb him, quietly standing to the side and waiting. He did not expect that after 20 minutes, Mr. Su had not made the slightest move. He could only cough reluctantly, to remind Mr. Su of his existence.

Mr. Su looked up to see Ouyang Shuo, and calmly put his scroll aside. He rose and straightened his clothing, bowing immediately thereafter. “Mr. Su has seen sire!”

Ouyang Shuo nodded and smiled in return. “Mr. Su has found living in the college comfortable?”

“There is much room, I am quite fond of this place. Away from the bustle of officialdom, this is almost paradise. It is like throwing off a yoke and running away from the fence, suddenly gaining my freedom,” Mr. Su smiled back at him.

Ouyang Shuo complimented him in turn, and then said, “Tomorrow the college officially starts classes. For tomorrow’s arrangements, I wonder what Mr. Su is thinking?”

“Whatever is arranged is naturally appropriate,” Mr. Su said indifferently.

Ouyang Shuo sighed and nodded. It seemed that Mr. Su was hell-bent on staying away from anything smacking of officialdom. All his tests were avoided with no signs of temptation. That being the case, after chatting a bit, Ouyang Shuo took his leave.

********************************************

The next morning, Ouyang Shuo arrived at Lianzhou College, this time to attend the opening ceremony.

The ceremony took place in the largest classroom in the front half. On the rostrum were Ouyang Shuo, Fan Zhongyan, Cui Yingyu, Mr. Su, and Gu Xiuwen, followed by the students sitting in attendance.

The first batch of students was sitting on the floor. Among them were the adult literacy class graduates Zhao Youfang, Zhang Tainu, and other older students, as well as the first group of new students. One of them was already employed as a clerk by the Agriculture Division, another was a villager taking the initiative to apply after seeing the enrollment brochure.

The ceremony was chaired by Fan Zhongyan. In the opening remarks, he elaborated on the Lianzhou Institute’s purpose of running a school, making clear the college’s rules, regulations, and management methods, and focused on management’s requirements for the students.

“I know that most of you here paid for the school, but please bear the burden. Studying at the same time as working your jobs will be hard, I know, but I want to say this. When you enter the college gate, you need to forget your identity, your position. No matter who you are, and regardless of your birth, as long as you come to this college, you have only one identity, and that is as an ordinary student of Lianzhou College. Learning is your only task in this college. You are not permitted to help other students, nor are they to help you, but you are to strictly rely on your own efforts. You will not come here drunk, and you will show respect for your teachers at all times. If you are disrespectful at any time, you will be immediately dismissed.” His wording was quite harsh.

Once Fan Zhongyan finished, the class lecturer spoke in turn. In addition to his own political affairs division, Fu Zi was responsible for teaching classics, Su was responsible for classics training classes, and Ouyang Shuo was responsible for legal literacy classes.

Gu Xiuwen was appointed as a temporary teaching instructor, equivalent to the modern teaching director. He was responsible for the daily teaching activities of the college and the supervision and management of student discipline.

After the instructor’s speech was completed, the elected representative of the students, Zhao Youfang, began to speak. Ouyang Shuo found the choice of Zhao Youfang a bit strange, but he had won first place in the adult literacy graduation exam, and that was why he had been elected as the outstanding student representative.

Zhao Youfang was obviously prepared, taking a speech out of his sleeve before he began to speak. “Teachers, ladies, and gentlemen, I hope everyone is well! I, Zhao Youfang, was fortunate enough to be allowed to speak as the student representative today. Today, such a grand scene, I cannot help but think of ten days ago in the adult literacy class, and our lord talking about what we were being taught.

“At that time, I, Zhao Youfang, did not know one character, I was completely illiterate. Sire told us that we must be responsible, and that to go farther, you must lay your own foundation. In but ten days, after our baptism in the adult class, I was able to write this speech with the help of my teacher. In the past, this was simply unthinkable, but now I have done it. I never dared dream that with my peasant background that I would be able to write on my own. I am very fortunate to be able to sit here again and listen to the teachings of the lord! I am finished and thank you all!”

There was warm applause. Even Ouyang Shuo did not expect that Youfang would be able to write such a fine speech. Fu Zi was truly a good teacher.

Ouyang Shuo simply made a summary speech, and with that the opening ceremony was over.



* * *





Chapter 47




Chapter 47

Chapter 47 - Opening Ceremony, Part Two



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Levs



After the ceremony, Ouyang Shuo rode Black Whirlwind outside the village to the pottery workshop.

Zhu Youzhi was responsible for the pottery workshop, located in the northeast corner of the territory, close to the Friendship River. They had built the workshop here because they had found high quality red clay in this area. The clay was soft and was able to withstand heat, without cracking. It can be kept for a long time, making it very suitable for making pottery.

Zhu Youzhi was with his three new apprentices arranging the clay. Seeing Ouyang Shuo, he stopped working and bowed to greet him. Ouyang Shuo talked with him for about an hour, making a plan for the future, and asking about their living conditions.

Heading back to the manor house, it was already 4 PM. He read a book for a while, then took the opportunity to leave the game a little early.

Sun Xiaoyue was leaving back home for vacation today, and he wanted to send her off. After coming out of the game cabin, Ouyang Shuo ran a few laps as he normally did, and bought breakfast while out in the district.

After more than a month of exercises, Ouyang Shuo found his physical fitness actually improving, instead of falling after all the long-term lying down in the game cabin.

At home, both of the young women had gotten up and were getting dressed. Bing’er knew that Big Sister Xiaoyue was leaving today, her eyes were a little red, and she even brushed her teeth together with Big Sister.

After breakfast, Xiaoyue set off to the station, with the Ouyang siblings there to see her off. On the way back, Bing’er was gloomy, with no spirit. Ouyang Shuo hadn’t expected that in just one month Bing’er would develop such a strong dependence on Xiaoyue.

At 10 PM, Ouyang Shuo finally got Bing’er to sleep, and hurried online. According to plans, today was the day General Shi would lead the cavalry team to destroy the raider’s camp.

Just as he sat down in his office, Cui Yingyu came in and smiled, saying, “Big Brother, the Four Seas Bank has been completed this morning, you cannot miss the unveiling ceremony!”

“Oh that is quite fast, I'll definitely go.” He hadn’t expected that in just a week’s time, Yingyu would have the bank up, she is truly from a business family’s background.

*******************************

“Ah, yes, the specific terms of the loans, how is the Financial Division setting it?”

Cui Yingyu gave him a sour look, saying, “Big brother really does not care about the Financial Division, the bank is already going to open, and you are thinking to ask this only now? We are working with a few years, mainly low interest loans. The interest will be 2 percent, compounded monthly, and limited to the purchase of real estate.”

Ouyang Shuo nodded. “What is the Financial Division’s consideration for the provision of loan services for privatization, which is only part of the function of the banks, and more importantly, the provision of commercial loans to private owners?”

“According to the lender’s credit and assessment of assets, the amount of the loan is determined. If it is a shop that is going to enter into the entrustment agreement with the Material Reserve Division, the Material Reserve Division may issue a guarantee. People can expect to obtain a large number of loans from the bank,” Yingyu answered crisply.

“Very good. For the provision of villagers depositing funds in the b

ank?” Ouyang Shuo followed up. “In accordance with conventional practice, there is no interest for the savings account. For large amounts of deposits, we can also charge a certain amount of custody fees. This is not to make money, but in response to big brother’s policy of stimulating the private economies. Term deposits can be made, and earn small interest amounts recorded monthly.”

Yingyu’s understanding of Ouyang Shuo’s privatization concept was very thorough. Many of her practices weren’t even personally instructed by him, so she was very comprehensive in application.

“It is only a few days after you have taken over the position of Secretary, and my decision is a good one,” Ouyang Shuo told her happily.

He was under pressure when he placed Yingyu into both the secretary of the Financial Division and Manager of the Four Seas Bank positions. Truthfully, he was also worried, as she had no direct experience in financial matters before.

Still, as the saying goes, where gold goes, it will shine. Yingyu had not let him worry when managing the Material Reserves Division, either. Now changing her over to the Financial Division, in just one week she had gotten used to the job.

Seeing Ouyang Shuo affirm this move, Yingyu’s heart was also happy. Her face didn’t show much emotion as she said, “Big Brother, stop praising me so much! There's not much time left, let's go join the unveiling ceremony!”

Ouyang Shuo smiled and nodded to her, getting up and walking out of the office with her. In the Administration Department office next door, Fan Yongyou was taking a bunch of administrative staff and seemed ready to leave as well.

Ouyang Shuo greeted everyone, before taking the lead to leave the Lord’s Manor. The building was located on the west side of the square, next to the commercial street. From the manor, it was just less than a hundred meters away.

The Four Seas Bank was currently a single level building with a simple wooden floor, divided to the front and back. Compared to the surrounding buildings, it was actually rather stylish. The lobby had a counter for the savings and loan businesses, the staff was already at the counter, and in the back was a heavily guarded vault. Before the opening ceremony, Ouyang Shuo followed Yingyu into the empty treasury.

Money would be stored in the form of gold coins. With little time, it could be freely switched between copper and silver forms, as well. In order to facilitate the business of the bank, Ouyang Shuo had issued 200 gold coins as reserves, and now divided that into 20 gold, 15,000 silver coins, and 300,000 copper coins. All of a sudden, the empty vault was full of money, money, money.

Coming out of the treasury, Ouyang Shuo had become penniless, having only 3 gold coins left in his bag. His spare silver and copper coins were also thrown into the vault without thinking. His spendings now were using gold coins as its unit.

If an adventurer class player knew what Ouyang Shuo was doing, they would be so envious that they would be vomiting blood. Most of them probably hadn’t even seen a gold coin at this point. This was still the main stage for silver coins, and he was actually indifferent to them, they would be spitting fire to hear it!

Coming back to the front hall, the opening ceremony was ready. At the front door, the Four Seas Bank plaque was covered with red silk cloth. Ouyang Shuo took the lead to get under the plaque, and once everyone had arrived, he ripped off the red silk cloth, thus officially opening the Four Seas Bank.

The front door opened, and the villagers were gathered there for this grand occasion. This was the long-awaited formal beginning of the privatization, after all.

Taking advantage of everyone’s attention and interest, Ouyang Shuo drew out three tickets from his storage bag, namely the vouchers for 100 units of rice, 20 units of meat, and 20 silver coins.

He raised the tickets in his hand, saying loudly,” Everyone quiet and listen to me. In my hands are the basic welfare tickets from the Material Reserve Division. These tickets can be surrendered at any time in the new rice shop, butcher shop, and bank.

“At 9 AM tomorrow morning, everyone should be assembled in front of the Lord’s Manor in the square. At that time, the Material Reserve Division will be assembled to issue the tickets. In addition, the territory has prepared a blanket and set of clothes for each villager as a reward for everyone contributing to Shanhai Village.”

The was the first full disclosure of the welfare package for the territory. Such a rich welfare package was completely unexpected. After listening to him speak, everyone applauded, praising the kindness of their lord. There were some very emotional villagers, even breaking out to kneel, which he stopped them from doing so.

Among the people, Qing’er was cheering and calling out. Ouyang Shuo didn’t intend to let her get away with it, so he said loudly, “In addition, I would like to announce some good news. Our territory has birthed a master skills talent. Who might she be?” Some knew who it was, such as Yingyu, or Qing’er’s apprentices, they pointed to her with some coaxing.

“That's right, she's Mu Qing’er from the tailor shop. In order to set an example, in recognition of her advancement, I have decided that in addition to the ticket issued to her, I will give an award of an additional 1 gold coin.” Ouyang Shuo took a cold coin from his storage bag with a smile.

“Wow~~~” eT Bursts of exclamations erupted among the crowd. With the Administration Department setting all kinds of real estate prices, material prices and wages, a gold coin was still considered a lot of money, and easily stirred up some envy.

Qing'er's face blushed immediately when everyone glanced at her, she thought that Ouyang Shuo was intending to tease her, but who knew that he was actually going to reward her for her hard work. Under her apprentices' clusters, she walks up to Ouyang Shuo with immense shyness.

Ouyang Shuo handed the tickets and gold coins to Little Mu, patted her head and said, “There is no need to envy her! I am here to promise that every skilled talent that belongs to the territory will receive a promotion reward! From apprentice to basic, you get 1 silver. To intermediate, 10 silver! Promoted to advanced, 50 silver, and promoted to master level, 1 gold coin! After you get the promotion, go to the Financial Secretary to receive your reward!”

There were more bursts of applause, especially from the skilled personnel, it was almost a frenzy. Li Tiizhu and Lu Guangzhi were especially happy, as both of them had ranked up their skill level, and the money would basically buy their shops for them!

This was Ouyang Shuo’s main purpose, taking advantage of the timing of privatization to show the value of the money. Announcing such a generous promotion award would hopefully stimulate the growth of more talents in the territory, and also show everyone in the territory the attention and desires of those talents.

Yingyu stood to the side, patting her head, her big brother really just says what he thinks. He just casually said a few more words, and gave the Financial Division another job to do. She now had to make sure that she recorded down the contents of this reward scheme!



* * *





Chapter 48




Chapter 48

Chapter 48 - Bitter Victory



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun



After the opening ceremony was over, everyone dispersed.

Little sister Qing’er did not leave, dragging Ouyang Shuo along into the bank. She went straight to the counter, handing over the vouchers she had just received, and proudly said, “I want to exchange these.”

The staff at the counter was a young man, who was thinking that the bank had just opened, and they had business already? The bank’s money was what Ouyang Shuo had just put into the vault, there was none at the counter for her, how could he exchange it? Thinking she was very troublesome, his anxiety and embarrassment made him go very red.

Ouyang Shuo didn’t stop Qing’er’s antics, wanting to see how the staff would react and see their standards. Yingyu, seeing Ouyang Shuo stay silent, immediately understood his intentions. Acting immediately, she addressed the young man, and told him to go back into the treasury, and get some silver coins there.

In less than 10 minutes, Little Mu had exchanged her coupon for 20 silver coins. She was grinning from ear to ear as she put them into her own cute little purse. Combined with her gold coin from earlier, she had suddenly become a well-to-do woman.

Ouyang Shuo stood aside, nodding with satisfaction. The work efficiency of the bank was still pretty high.

Running back to the Lord’s Manor, Qing’er handed Gu Sanniang the food and meat coupons she had also received. After privatizing, everyone in the Lord’s Manor, apart from Ouyang Shuo, would have to pay for their food, and would no longer eat for free. She was very conscious of that point.

Thus, starting tomorrow, Gu Sanniang would have to go to the rice and butcher shops to buy food. She couldn't get them directly from the warehouse. Ouyang Shuo hoped that doing so would lead by example, showing the various divisions and making them follow.

For now, the divisions were concentrated in the Lord’s Manor, with no changes. After the territory expanded, the Divisions would start working out in independent offices. He did not want that kind of mixing of private and public matters to happen so early on in Shanhai Village.

Living in the Lord’s Manor, apart from Er Wazi, everyone was getting good pay. As for Er Wazi, Yingyu took the initiative to say that she would take care of her maintenance.

Ouyang Shuo was now the only person in the territory without a salary, instead being completely supported by the territory. This was not him being hypocritical, but required by the system to maintain the authority of the lord. After all, this was still an ancient society. He had to follow the basic rules of the game. He could not play a modern society with democratic values, unless he had water in his brain.

Gu Sanniang had been with Ouyang Shuo for a long time, and was naturally aware of this. She did not try to decline, taking the ticket handed over by Qing’er, smiling and saying, “Thank you for these 2 tickets, they will help!”

Little Mu was very fond of Gu Sanniang, who was just as close as Cui Yingyu. She took Gu Sanniang’s arm, opting to act spoiled, and said, “Gu Sanniang is making fun of me, I don’t understand.”

Ouyang Shuo looked at her acting childishly again, and shook his head with a laugh. When would this girl grow up? He could not help but quip, “Little Mu, you just got some money, and are you not prepared to buy your tailor shop? You are the only tailor in the territory right now, if someone else does it first, you can’t come crying to me.”

dir="ltr"“Yes, I had forgotten! Quick quick!” Regardless of his joking manner, Qing’er hurriedly ran into the nearby office, where Zhao Dewang’s Construction Division was located. Ouyang Shuo looked at this thick-skinned little monkey, no matter how much he wanted to get angry, he couldn’t get angry. With a tacit glance at Yingyu, helplessly shaking his head, he walked into Dewang’s office.

In the office, Zhao Dewang was going over the price of shops with Qing’er. “According to the pricing schedule, the price of a tailor shop is 56 silver coins. This can be a one-time payment, or you can make monthly payments.”

“So expensive, oh, oh, oh,” Qing’er was muttering, and with some dismay took out the gold coin from her purse. Looking pitifully at Zhao Dewang, she said proudly, “I want a one-time payment!”

Zhao Dewang looked at the gold coin, shaking his head with a wry smile. He didn’t have the ability to make change right now, asking Ouyang Shuo for help. Ouyang Shuo, who had just come in, had to help out. He took the gold coin, put it into his storage bag, and took out 100 silver coins in exchange.

Dewang took 56 silver coins, and returned the rest to Little Mu. He then took a letter from his table with the seal of the lord, earnestly filling in the real estate owner’s information. Without the training of the adult literacy class, it would have been impossible for him to do so.

Qing’er took the lease, grinning proudly, and shook it in front of Ouyang Shuo, showing it off. Ouyang Shuo mercilessly knocked on her little head, smiled and said, “Take care of it, you had best not lose it, or you won’t be able to make it up!”

She rubbed her head in an exaggerated manner, glaring at Ouyang Shuo, and then ignored him to run over to Yingyu and show off more.

Ouyang Shuo looked at Zhao Dewang. “The way I see it, the Construction Division should just have someone in the bank to do this. That way, the villagers can buy a house and get a loan at the same time, saving them from running back and forth.”

“Ah, sire has great foresight. I will personally set this up and make sure it runs properly,” Dewang said, as if receiving a military order.

Ouyang Shuo nodded and turned away from the office.

At 5 PM, the cavalry returned from their raid. Getting the message, Ouyang Shuo rode out with Administration Department to welcome the triumphant return of the warriors.

General Shi was leading the line of horses. Seeing Ouyang Shuo there, he immediately dismounted and went down to one knee, loudly saying, “This officer and his men greet the lord!”

Behind him, the rest of the cavalry had dismounted and gone to one knee, saying in unison, “We greet the lord!”

Ouyang Shuo spoke to General Shi, smiling and saying, “The soldiers have worked hard!”

Captain Lin Yi was responsible for the escorting of trophies, which would be taken care of by the Administration Department, Financial Division and Material Reserves Division. Ouyang Shuo rode with General Shi back to the Lord’s Manor, there to take his report of the bandit raid.

After sitting down, General Shi began his report. “This time, in order to destroy the bandit camp, we still wanted to use some tricks and traps. According to the plan, we used the same plan that sire used last time, sending men in to lure some of enemy out. Once outside the camp, the cavalry’s mobility would easily take care of them.

“We did not expect the leaders to be very cautious, but although they did not see us lying in wait, they only set out a dozen bandits to pursue the lure. So, we had to attack the camp directly and engage the rest in close combat.”

Ouyang Shuo nodded heavily. “So it seems the next time we expand the army, it will be necessary to expand the infantry. Attacking a base camp is more a job for infantry than cavalry, and tantamount to giving the enemy an advantage.”

“Fortunately, this time the enemy was not so strong, the soldiers fought bravely, and with the grace of the lord, we exterminated the bandit camp.”

Ouyang Shuo was fully aware that the real process of warfare was nowhere near so relaxed, and recalled how tired the troops looked. He dared to ask, “Casualties among the troops?”

“This time, the cavalry unit along with the military intelligence division, a total of 122 people attacked. We had 1 death, 5 serious injuries, and 24 slight injuries.”

Hearing that someone had actually died, Ouyang Shuo twitched and asked, “Someone died. Has his family been informed yet?”

“At the end of the day, the soldier was an orphan, and he had no family in Shanhai Village.”

Ouyang Shuo silently nodded. This situation was not rare out here in the frontier. Most of the displaced were alone. Those that managed to survive with their families were rare.

One hundred and twenty people fighting, 30 casualties. Close to a quarter of the number of men. The victory seemed a little bitter.

Ouyang Shuo knew that General Shi was a fierce fighter, and victory was his fundamental pursuit. Normal casualties were not something he was going to worry about. Therefore, in the development of his battle plan, he didn’t have many scruples about the lives of ordinary soldiers.

This time he had let General Shi lead the expedition, and it was a major mistake for Ouyang Shuo. If he had been present, he would not have allowed a direct raid into the camp.

But, in the end, General Shi had won, and Ouyang Shuo didn’t want to criticize him for a victory. They talked a bit more before General Shi headed out to the barracks.

With General Shi gone, Ouyang Shuo got up to visit the hospital and see to the wounded.

With 30 patients coming in at one time, Dr. Song was naturally extremely busy. Fortunately, most of them did not have severe injuries, and simply stitching and bandaging wounds was no problem. The important note was the five serious injuries, with broken legs and severed arms. It would be a small miracle if they even managed to live through the night.

Leaving the hospital, Ouyang Shuo was in a heavy mood, with some inner grievances against General Shi. His troops were a treasure he didn’t know the value of, really a rigid military thinker.

Of course, he was a true ruler, and wasn’t going to show this attitude. If anybody saw him, they’d just see a kind and gentle ruler.

After dinner, Shanhai Village held a cremation ceremony in the square. In addition to the death of the orphaned soldier, another soldier died in the afternoon, which was even more painful for Ouyang Shuo.

Because the village was now the center of the territory and would eventually be a capital, there was no place suitable for a cemetery, so he could only choose cremation for the dead. Ouyang Shuo intended for the ashes to be stored after cremation in the ancestral hall. After the upgrade to town, they could then be buried in the cemetery.

The villagers gathered spontaneously into the square to send the heroes off. Ouyang Shuo personally ignited the fire. It raged up quickly, raging and devouring everything. As he watched the fire, Ouyang Shuo’s expression was solemn, the people unable to think what he was pondering about.



* * *





Chapter 49




Chapter 49

Chapter 49 - Tian Wenjing



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Levs



The next day, Ouyang Shuo didn’t get online until 10 AM in game time.

Bing’er’s winter vacation had started yesterday, and his little sister was wrapped around him all day. They strolled around, ate and drank, totally relaxing themselves.

In the front of the square was a sea of people. The Material Reserves Division was distributing the basic benefits and was extremely busy. Some of the determined villagers received their tickets and headed directly to the bank to get a house loan.

With the exception of the wine workshop and pottery workshop, the other shops and houses would have prices ranging around 60 silver coins. With everyone getting 20 silver coins issued, they would meet most of the conditions to get a loan to buy a house.

Ouyang Shuo expected that today, most of the listed properties would be sold out. Fortunately, the construction department had built hundreds of homes in anticipation of this day for people to live in, otherwise he wouldn't have known how to salvage the situation.

He had calculated roughly, with the issuance of the various kinds of tickets, the total costs of privatization would cost over 600 gold coins. At this stage, he doubted any lord would be courageous enough to implement such generosity.

But it was all worth it. Ouyang Shuo looked at the economic index of the territory, and it had long passed 30 points, and was still rising. In this way, except for the population index requirements and mulberry farms, the conditions to upgrade to a town had all been met.

By 3 PM, the basic benefits had all been paid out. Following today, new immigrants would be collecting their benefits directly from the Material Reserves Division.

Waiting until everything had settled down a bit, Ouyang Shuo convened a meeting in the main room of the manor, to listen to the trophies arising from the extermination of the raider camp.

In the chamber, Zhao Youfang began the report. “This time, we collected a total of 11,450 units of food, 1200 units of wood, and 500 units of wood. We also seized 105 gold coins, 45 silver, and 72 copper coins, five building plans, and one special item: Summoning Talisman.

The wood, stone, and building plans basically came from the destruction of the camp. Since he didn’t personally lead the attack, as long as the enemy was broken, the camp would be automatically destroyed.

Except for the arsenal building blueprints which he had use for, the other four could only be sold off to the Market.

As for all the weapons and equipment, they were not within the scope of the findings. Ouyang Shuo had long ordered Lin Yi to take those back to the barracks and dispose of those themselves.

The, Gu Xiuwen began to report on personnel. “This time we recovered 125 noncombatants for the territory from the raider’s camp. Among these people are both a chef and breeder, as well as tailors and blacksmiths. They were all intermediate skill talents, except the breeder was an advanced talent.”

Ouyang Shuo nodded and said, “After privatization, the village dining hall will be disbanded. The chef will be sent to the barracks and will be specifically responsible for the food supply of the army. Arrange for the tailors to be sent to Little Mu’s tailor shop, she will put them to work. Assign the smiths to the weapons workshop, Wang Gao can take them as apprentices. As for the advanced breeder, he can be responsible for the pigs and cattle pens, we have a lack of people there.”

In Shanhai Village, skilled personnel were no

longer a rarity. Therefore, Ouyang Shuo was also not like before, and didn’t examine each individual one by one to determine the situation in detail, instead lining them up and sending them off. 125 new people would save 8 days on their march to a township upgrade. Coupled with the surge following the Siege of Beasts, they were now 20 days ahead of schedule.

Today was February 10th. In five days, Shanhai Village could be upgraded again. Upgrading from a grade 3 village to a grade 1 town in only 13 days time was an amazing accomplishment. So far, no one in China could compare, even Di Chen with his limitless checkbook hadn’t caught up.

Out of the rewards of war, Ouyang Shuo took 100 gold coins, the building blueprints and the special item, a Summoning Talisman. The rest of the money naturally went to the Financial Division, with the food and other materials naturally sent to the Material Reserve Division’s storage area.

Before giving the building plans over to the Construction Division, Ouyang Shuo took a look at them.

Arsenal: Warehouse for storing weapons

Requirements: Arsenal building plans, 600 wood, 400 stone

Building time: 3 Days

Ouyang Shuo told the Construction Division to start putting up the arsenal within the next two days. The location would specifically be right next to the barracks and weapons workshop, of course.

Then, Ouyang Shuo took out the summoning token to examine its properties.

Summoning Talisman (king level): Randomly summon a king-level historical figure for your use.

Although it was the lowest level of summoning talisman, it was still priceless. Ouyang Shuo did not expect that he would get so lucky, casually exterminating an intermediate raiders’ camp could get him such a treasure! He did not hesitate to tear the summoning talisman, a white light flashed, and a middle-aged scribe appeared.

“System Notification: Congratulations to the player Qiyue Wuyi for successfully summoning the historical figure Tian Wenjing, special reward of 50 reputation points.”

Seeing Ouyang Shuo, the scholar bowed deeply, saying respectfully, “I greet the lord!”

Ouyang Shuo was not neglectful and hurriedly stepped forward, his hands lifting the other, sincerely saying, “Please rise, sir! It is my pleasure to have you by my side, there is no need to bow!”

After the greeting, Ouyang Shuo quickly looked at Tian Wejing’s stats.



Name: Tian Wejing (king level)

Title: Model Official of Xinjiang

Dynasty: The Qing Dynasty

Identity: Shanhai Village Villager

Occupation: Civil Service

Loyalty: 75 points

Commander: 40

Force: 25

Intelligence: 70

Political: 85

Features: Official’s Clarity (enhances administrative efficiency of the territory by 20%); Iron Calm (enhances territorial prestige by 20%); Fair and Honest (enhances the territory’s honesty level by 20%)

Evaluation: One of Qing Dynasty Emperor Yongzheng’s three beloved officials, known for being tricky, clear-minded, and cool of heart all in one. During his governance period, the law was strict, there were almost no thieves in his jurisdiction, and he held to very strict deadlines whenever given the task to expand.



In terms of governmental ability, he was more adept than Fan Zhongyan. He had become an official at the age of 22, starting in Changle County, successfully becoming a magistrate. He knew the state, and also the officials outside his area. He had served as mayor, governor and other prestigious positions during his term, and was given the title of ‘Model Official of Xinjiang’ by the Yongzheng Emperor.

The main reason why Fan Zhongyan was praised by history was, in addition to government affairs, his character and literary achievements. Tian Wenjing was different, he was fundamentally a governing official. Although he was clean and honest, he was still known as a ‘strict official’ in name.

They complemented each other. With Shanhai Village having the two men, the government could carry on without worries. Precisely because of this, Ouyang Shuo issued out a happy sigh of relief.

Because the day was already becoming late, it was inconvenient to talk. Ouyang Shuo called on Gu Xiuwen, let him arrange a living area for Tian Wenjing, while giving him a good introduction to the basic situation of Shanhai Village. Gu Xiuwen had done this job before, and would have no problems with it.

In addition, Ouyang Shuo specifically told him to inform the secretaries of each division that there would be a meeting tomorrow at 9 AM in the chamber.

****************************

February 11, the next morning in the chamber.

The director of the Administration Department and the other secretaries were there. Ouyang Shuo took his place in the middle and sat down, officially introducing Tian Wenjing.

After the greetings, Ouyang Shuo said, “After nearly ten days of effort, privatization has achieved initial success. Today, we have come to convene and discuss two things. After privatization, military supplies must be kept independent. In addition, with the cooperation of the carpentry workshop, territorial vehicles need to be included in the unified jurisdiction, so some of the functions of the Material Reserves Division are going to become more and more complicated.

“Therefore, I have decided to officially upgrade the Material Reserves Division to Material Reserves Department. Underneath it will now be the Combat Logistics Division, the Transportation Division, and the Resource Division.

“The Combat Logistics Division will be concerned with our arsenal, rations, and other military supplies, logistical supplies, as well as the well being of our horses.

“The Resource Division is responsible for the distribution of basic materials and the operation of the rice shops, meat shops and cloth factories. It will continue to oversee the logging stations, quarries, mining sites, and pastures, which are directly under the jurisdiction of the Material Reserves Department.

Zhao Youfang did not expect Ouyang Shuo to make such a big move, basically completely revising the remittance of the Material Reserves Department.

Not only was the duty of the Material Reserves divided into three parts, more ingenious was the fact that logging field, quarry, mining and ranching oversight was stripped out and placed directly under the director of the Material Reserves Department.

Not only that, the supply chain and reserve chain were elbowed apart, separated to avoid any dominance issue, which was Ouyang Shuo’s real intention.

Waiting a moment for all of them to adjust to this big move, Ouyang Shuo went on. “I have appointed Tian Wenjing as the Director of Materials Reserve Department, he will be the coordinator of territorial material reserves.”

Tian Wenjing stood up in a perfect salute, respectfully saying, “Thank you, lord! I will be dedicated and honor your trust, you need have no worries!”

There was no argument over this appointment. At this stage, he was the only suitable candidate who could be in charge of Material Reserve. The most promising candidate was Zhao Youfang, who couldn’t even control his division now, let alone this newly expanded Department.

“Mr. Zhao Youfang, deputy secretary of the prior Material Reserves Division, is now the secretary of the Combat Logistics Division. The secretary of the Transportation Division will be the original quarry field manager Zheng Shanpao. Former Material Reserves Division secretary assistant Du Xiaolan will be the new secretary of the Resource Division.” Ouyang Shuo rattled off the new subordinate personnel appointments for the divisions.

Zhao Youfang did not make a fuss. Ouyang Shuo had given him the Combat Logistic Division, so he was not being treated poorly. Zheng Shanpao, although his performance wasn’t eye-catching, before this, he only simply focused on the quarry. He took this chance to shift him to the relatively simple Transportation Division, which could be considered a formal step into an official’s career.

Du Xiaolan was one of Cui Yingyu’s apprentices, and was the key center of influence for Yingyu in the Material Reserves Department. She had done well as Yingyu and Youfang’s assistant, so he carefully put her in charge of the Resource Division, where she was the most appropriate.



* * *





Chapter 50




Chapter 50

Chapter 50 - City Walls



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun



Having finished adjusting the Material Reserves Department, Ouyang Shuo turned around and announced the 2nd item.

He looked around, smiled, and said, “I have decided to start a very large project while taking advantage of the winter break and the break in construction of the territory. The manpower and material requirements for this project will be massive. I am putting this forward to discuss with you.”

Cui Yingyu smiled. “If Big Brother has anything to say, say it directly. No reason to beat around the bush.”

Ouyang Shuo stared back at her. “The fence around the village was constructed when we’d first built the village. It was tested at the Siege of Beasts. Seeing that we are going to upgrade to a first grade town very soon, it is very necessary to upgrade the fence.”

Zhao Dewang and Zhao Dexian both nodded involuntarily. They were among those who had built it originally. Thinking back to when Shanhai Village had just started at the beginning of the year, they were both quite emotional and naturally impressed.

As the secretary of Construction, Zhao Dewang spoke first. “There are 2 ways to upgrade the fence. One is to remove the existing fence, and reconstruct a new one on the same area. Another is to retain the existing fence, and build a new one in a different area. What does my lord think?”

“The existing fence is in accord with the grade 3 village construction standard. Seeing the territory will upgrade, it will be unable to meet our standards and will naturally be removed. My opinion is that we should build in accord with the grade 3 township standard, 3 square kilometers, a totally new wall,” Ouyang Shuo responded.

“If that is the case, what material would the lord like to use for the wall? Wood, brick, or earth?” Zhao Dewang had presided over the Construction Division for some time, and naturally had some insights here.

Ouyang Shuo shook his head and said, “Those three materials are too common. This wall will be permanently retained. Even if we expand the city in the future, it can be used as an inner wall. Therefore, I propose pure stone to be used for a masonry wall. The specifications of the wall will be nine meters high, and five meters wide. I estimated that the whole wall will need nearly 600,000 units of stone. I can give you a construction time of one month. Are you confident you can complete this huge project?”

Zhao Dewang heard this, and his scalp started tingling. He slowly said, “According to the lord’s requirements, that is an average daily consumption of 20,000 units of stone. The quarry alone will need 400 people in order to meet the stone supply needs. The Construction Division will require 3 to 4 hundred craftsmen for the building of it!”

Ouyang Shuo glanced at Gu Xiuwen. “For deploying the people, can the Household Registration Office make the arrangements?”

“If we take the workers from other industries, we can barely do that. More importantly, we will upgrade to a grade 1 town soon. At that time, staffing will not be a problem.” Gu Xiuwen was full of confidence.

“Excellent!”

“Big Brother, as the Secretary of the Financial Division, I need to remind you that with so many laborers, their wages are going to be a large sum, you have to be prepared.” Yingyu tossed some cold water on his plans.

“The reason why I dragged the project over to privatization was to provide the villagers with an opportunity to earn some extra money

. Right now it is the winter break, and be it farmer or herdsmen, they have very little to do. If that’s true, the territory can help them out with their current financial situation,” Ouyang Shuo explained with a smile. Yingyu nodded in response, saying no more.

At this time, Fan Zhongyan took the initiative to stand up and say, “Since the lord is so ambitious, why don’t we do this more thoroughly? I recommend that we set up 3 gates in the new walls. Every gate should have a tower built. In the 4 corners, we should also build turrets, to further improve the defensibility of the walls.

“In addition, I recommend we now start the excavation work on the moat. From the Friendship River upstream into the moat, we should dig it 8 meters wide, and then merge it into the east side of the canyon stream, forming a perfect river system. This is not only conducive to the city’s defenses, but will also facilitate the city villagers taking water, thus serving two purposes.” Tian Wenjing contributed this last, not to be outdone.

After listening to the recommendations of the 2 ministers, Ouyang Shuo said, “Those 2 proposals are very good, and will be put into the plans for the project. This will all be brought forward by the Administration Department, Material Reserves Department, and Financial Divisions together.”

Everyone nodded. Participating in such a vast project had the feeling of getting their blood boiling passionately. After the completion of this project, Shanhai Village’s defense capabilities could rise by several grades!

The meeting completed, everyone dispersed.

At 3 PM, all the talented people in Shanhai were invited to the chamber room to attend the signing ceremony by the Material Reserves Department for the shop agreement.

The ceremony was chaired by the newly-appointed director of Material Reserves Department, Tian Wenjing, and Ouyang Shuo was also invited to attend. Advanced woodworker Lu Guangzhi and master tailor Mu Qingsi were seated in the front row.

Zheng Shanpao signed on behalf of the Transportation Division, and the woodshop signed the wooden ox-horse processing agreement. Du Xiaolan signed on behalf of the Resource Division, and Little Mu signed the garment processing agreement for her tailor shop.

Witnessing the signing of these two big orders, every skilled talent who was invited to attend gained confidence, and were also anxious to immediately get a big deal.

On the spot, advanced fisherman Kangshu said that he was willing to act as a representative for the fishermen, and right away signed a bargain and purchase agreement with the Material Reserves Department. Prior to the privatization, the fishermen had accumulated nearly 20,000 units of fish for the territory, and nearly all of it had been stored in the warehouse.

After privatizing, the fishermen salted the fish and sent it out through the Basic Market for export. Ouyang Shuo earned the difference of the 20% transaction tax from the Market, amounting to 12 copper coins per unit. His main income was through the collection of commercial taxes, however.

With the purchase and sales agreements signed, everyone soon dispersed.

After the end of the matter, Ouyang Shuo called on the Material Reserves Department to arrange for people to ship the fish out to the Basic Market to sell. In addition, they had acquired 31 million units of meat, and had salted out 160,000 units of bacon. 60,000 units of the bacon were put in reserve, but the rest were sold with the rest of the meat.

All the fish, meat, and bacon sold for about 15 coppers each, taxed at 20%. This made him about 144 gold coins. Having the market there to provide convenient transactions was nice, but it also felt like it was drawing blood from him.

Now, Ouyang Shuo had 246 gold coins. Taking advantage of the extra funds, he hardened his heart, took out 120 gold coins, and bought the dark gold tailoring kit he had promised to Little Mu.

Name: Tailor Kit (dark gold)

Properties: Enhances tailoring efficiency by 25%, improves tailor skill proficiency by 25%.

Evaluation: The dream of all tailors, a necessity for master class tailors.

Returning from the Market, he passed by Little Mu’s tailor shop. He gave her the kit he had just bought, and she was crazy happy to get it.

Going back to the Lord’s Manor, it was already 6 PM, so Ouyang Shuo went back to his room and logged off.

--------------------------

The next morning, Ouyang Shuo went to the military camps to change the classes of 6 recruits. The last bandit camp raid had wounded 4 and killed 2 soldiers, with the 4 being arranged to retire.

Destroying the bandit camp this time had losses, but not without a harvest for the cavalry. They had seized a large amount of weapons and armor, enough to ensure that they had spare equipment.

More importantly, through that bitter fight, the 50 veterans had all been promoted toth rank 5f veteran soldiers. Zhang Daniu, Zhao Sihu, and the other group leaders had been promoted to rank 7 elite soldiers in one fell swoop.

Among the new recruits, most of them had risen to rank 3 ordinary soldiers. If they had an outstanding performance, they were promoted to rank 4 veteran soldiersth. The outstanding performers were naturally noticed by General Shi, and prioritized for leadership positions. After the battle, all the vacant group leader positions were now filled.

Among the new group leaders were two exceptional ones, whom General Shi pointed out to Ouyang Shuo. One was named Zhou Feng, 23, who had been appointed as Cavalry 2nd Squadron’s second team group leader. The other was called Liao Kai, 25, who had been appointed 1st Squadron’s third team group leader.

Heading back to the manor, Tian Wenjing was waiting for him in the office. Ouyang Shuo poured himself a cup of tea, smiled, and said, “Sir could not wait at the door?”

Wenjing was expressionless as he said, “The lord makes fun of a matter. Yesterday, I looked over the territory, and noticed something with the animal breeding. Of all the husbandry operations, we have only 2 types, pig and cattle.”

“Indeed, and what are you thinking about?”

“In fact, in addition to pigs, sheep, cattle and other large livestock, poultry such as chickens and ducks can also be bred. I do not know what the lord thinks of this?”

Ouyang Shuo forcefully knocked his head, his expression depressed. “Oh, how could I not think of that? It completely escaped me, I was just thinking of domesticating livestock from the wild, and ignored the small poultry.

“Do you think that this kind of poultry raising should be run as a large scale farm operation by the government, or distributed to the various households?”

“In the end, the territory is an enclosed circle. It will be difficult to find sales, and profits will not be high. Thus, I think that the villagers should be allowed to stock them, or directly distribute them to the households to help their food situation,” Tian Wenjing calmly said.

Tian Wenjing’s experience was definitely showing. He had just taken over the Material Reserves Department, and was already able to check its shortcomings, and had taken the initiative to come over and advise him. With this level of competency presiding over the Material Reserve, Ouyang Shuo could be completely at ease.

“I will go to the Market shortly. I will buy chickens, ducks, and a variety of eggs, and put them in the name of the Material Reserves Department in the rice shop for sale.” Ouyang Shuo said.

Tian Wenjing nodded, got up, and went out to arrange matters.

Ouyang Shuo once again went into the Market. A chicken egg was 3 copper, duck eggs 4 copper, and geese eggs 5 copper. He bought 20,000 chicken and duck eggs each, and 10,000 goose eggs, spending a total of 19 gold. He specifically addressed the staff of the Material Reserves Department, telling them the price of the various eggs. They would strictly be sold at half of the original price directly to the villagers, and there would be no private increase of pricing.



* * *





Chapter 51




Chapter 51

Chapter 51- Agriculture Division



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Levs



Back at the Lord’s Manor, Ouyang Shuo didn’t go anywhere, concentrating on reading in his office.

Gu Sanniang called in, “Lord, there is a call for you outside, from Wang’er, here to see you!”

“Wang’er?” Ouyang Shuo asked, confused.

“Yes, it is a mason, he said that you had told him to come find you.”

Oh ho, he remembered now, the young man at the work site wanted to come find him as a witness to his marriage. He hadn’t thought the young man would be so quick!

“I know who it is, let him in!” Ouyang Shuo told Gu Sanniang.

“Okay!”

Soon after, two visitors came in just behind Gu Sanniang. Entering the office, one said respectfully, “Commoner Wang greets the Lord!”

Ouyang Shuo nodded and smiled, saying, “You have come, I know why. Tell me, when is the wedding?”

“My Lord, this small person’s wedding is tomorrow evening,” Wang’er said cautiously.

“Okay, tomorrow evening, I will be there, you can rest assured!”

Hearing Ouyang Shuo promise this, Wang’er bowed happily, saying, “Thank you, sire! Thank you!”

Ouyang Shuo waved his hand, picking up the cup on the table to drink the tea. Gu Sanniang took the hint and led Wang’er out of the office.

In the evening, San Gouzi from the Military Intelligence Division brought some good news.

“Lord, the Military Intelligence Division has fulfilled its mission, and finally found some mulberry tree seedlings outside of the territory,” San Gouzi said hurriedly after coming into the office.

Ouyang Shuo was overjoyed, saying, “Finally, there is a result! This was all about our upgrade to a grade 1 town. If I didn’t find one, I might lose my race to the rankings.”

San Gouzi smiled widely in return, “Sir, this is not the only good news. Not only did one of the cavalry searching found mulberry trees, but there were also wild goat traces nearby. At this moment, General Shi is out with the cavalry squadron, making sure that he doesn’t miss them once again, and is planning to stay out all night.”

“Oh, good things in pairs! Get the mulberry saplings to the Agricultural Division!” Ouyang Shuo ordered him with a smile. He wasn’t worried about the night action of the cavalry. The Military Intelligence Division had long been clear with its investigations, there were no other threats near the territory past the bandit camp that they’d already eliminated.

----------------------------

At 10 AM the next day, February 13th, hundreds of goats, driven by more than fifty cavalry, came rumbling into the village.

Seeing the wild goats, Construction Division secretary Zhao Dewang hurriedly jumped to his feet, cursing as he arranged for workers to quickly build a goat pen.

Fortunately, the wild goats were more docile animals, not scurrying around, quietly staying together as a group. Seeing this scene, Du Xiaolan arranged for people from the warehouse to come out with fodder to feed them. Since the day they had cattle, the warehouse had always reserved some fine forage, and it came in handy this time.

In the afternoon, the goat pen was built. Ouyang Shuo looked at the goats and had a few thoughts. Heading back into the Manor, he summoned Fan Zhongyan, Tian Wenjing, Cui Yingyu, and Zhao Dexian to his office to discus

s things. Fan, Tian and Cui, these three people were secretly called the Three Giants by the administrative staff. With the Three Giants together with him in the head office, Zhao Dexian felt a little apprehensive.

Ouyang Shuo did not waste time, going straight to the point. “With the further expansion of raising livestock in the territory, coupled with the upcoming mulberry, the agriculture in Shanhai Division is slowly coming onto the right track. It is now necessary to set up specialized divisions to coordinate management.”

Zhao Dexian’s heart skipped a beat, and was starting to get eager. According to what Ouyang Shuo was saying, that meant he was going to set up a strong department covering agriculture, forestry, fishing, and animal breeding. Looking at the few seats here, everyone else already had an important position. Was this position going to fall on him?

Fan Zhongyan threw Tian Wenjing a glance, asking, “Does the lord mean that he is moving Animal Husbandry out of the Material Reserves Department?

“In accordance with the general pattern of jurisdictions, such industries as Animal Husbandry should be placed under the Administration Department.”

The Material Reserves Department grew too strong during Cui Yingyu’s period, but she also had Ouyang Shuo’s trust. Coupled with the fact that animal breeding was very weak and unimportant, no one said anything. Now, it had grown into an important issue.

After taking over the Administration Department, Mr. Fan had been carefully assuming his powers, but had not found a suitable way to expand. With the potential of the wild goats and Ouyang Shuo bringing this up, he took the initiative to mention the jurisdictional issue, naturally adding fuel to the fire.

The newly appointed director of Material Reserves Department was as blank as a mirror, nobody could see what he was thinking.

Ouyang Shuo pretended to not know anything and continued, saying, “Not only that, fisheries have to be taken out from the Material Reserves Division. In addition to the control of materials and resources, the Material Reserves Department's responsibility were more inclined towards the management and storage of materials, rather than controlling the production rate from the source.”

Tian Wenjing nodded, calmly saying, “I agree with the view of the lord. With the territory developing subsectors of the economy vigorously, the establishment of more professional and effective departments cannot wait.”

Cui Yingyu, sitting at the side and seeing these people playing politics, could find nothing to say. Moreover, the crux of the problem didn’t lie with her. So, she had nothing to say.

But seeing Tian Wenjing withdraw on his own initiative, Yingyu smiled and asked, “Big brother’s meaning, this new division should be called by what name, and who should be the new officer?” Saying that, she did not forget to glance at Zhao Dexian.

“Since it will naturally be in charge of agriculture, forestry, fishing, and animal breeding, it will naturally be called the Agricultural Division. I don’t need to set up a new department, I will transform it directly from the original Reclamation Division. The appointments and affiliation of the Agriculture Division are unchanged, “ Ouyang Shuo said with a smile.

Yingyu nodded, that arrangement was not surprising. At this point, the Agriculture Division had just become one of the most important departments in the Administration Department.

With the dust settled, Zhao Dexian rose, bowed deeply, and said, “Thank you for your trust, lord!”

Ouyang Shuo waved his hand. “Elder, your ability as a secretary, whether in the Construction Division before or the Reclamation Division more recently, you have performed very well. I hope in the new division you can also achieve success!”

“I will not disappoint you, my lord!” Zhao Dexian said calmly and firmly.

In Shanhai’s local training of civil servants, Zhao Dexian was second only to Yingyu and Gu Xiuwen, and much better than Zhao Youfang and Zhao Dewang. Having served as a village chief, Ouyang Shuo naturally decided that now was the time to give him a broader platform.

That evening, Ouyang Shuo took Er Wazi to the residential area, to participate in the wedding of Wang’er and Cui Hua.

Ancient weddings were a 6 part process. The climax of which was welcoming the bride. The groom will open the carriage door and welcome her out. before the elders will start tying a heart knot with a red rope and giving it to the couple.

The two were holding a red rope as they crossed into the hall, avoiding the threshold. The threshold represented the facade, the bride must eventually cross the threshold. The bridesmaids will shine a bronze mirror on them in hopes of happiness and bliss.

The conditions in Shanhai were simple, the villagers were mostly alone and with few family - no parents or elders, few friends and family. So the whole wedding ceremony was very simply designed, and not strictly in accordance with the six procedures.

Fortunately, the Material Reserves Department was ordered by Ouyang Shuo, and had sent over red silk cloth, rice, fruits and other items, so the scene didn’t look too shabby.

Ouyang Shuo arrived with Er Wazi at the small courtyard of the Wangs, and Wang’er met him at the door.

Seeing Ouyang Shuo arrive, he hastened to come forward, saying firmly, “It is our great honor to have the lord visiting our home.” He had visited the manor this morning to have Mr. Gu teach him some proper manners.

Amused, Ouyang Shuo nodded happily, and Er Wazi sprang forwards to present his gift. It was a good silk, he had bought it from the Market. As a lord personally attending a wedding, he naturally could not have a shabby gift.

This time, Ouyang Shuo had not said anything to the secretaries, as all of them coming would have been far too overwhelming, and not at all fun. Even Qing’er, clamoring to join in the fun, he did not bring over. Only Er Wazi came over with him, to serve him if needed.

The new home of Wang’er was the typical small farm courtyard. Through the main entrance was a small courtyard. In the corner of it a jujube was planted. Next to that was a well. On the east and west sides were respectively the kitchen, some firewood and a chicken house. There were only three small rooms in the main building, the middle was the main hall and a place for people to eat. The rooms to the left and right were bedrooms.

The yard was small, but spotless. Wang was a diligent person, cleaning up the courtyard to make people feel comfortable.

Inside the courtyard, wine were placed on the tables. The ones attending were either acquaintances of the new wife, or fellow workers of the mason. By the numbers, their popularity was pretty good.

Wang’er personally led Ouyang Shuo to the hall, and gave him the head seat. Er Wazi was smart, taking the initiative to go to the yard and find his own place to stand.

Seeing Ouyang Shuo, Zhao Dewang got up to say hello. Wang’er belonged to the carpenters, and was under the jurisdiction of the Construction Division. He was certainly brave, as he had even invited the Construction Division secretary to his wedding.

Before coming, Dewang hadn’t expected to see Ouyang Shuo there, and so was very surprised. He was glad to see Ouyang Shuo out. If the lord sees how much he cares for his men, he would treat him better too.

The fact was, Ouyang Shuo was relieved to see Zhao Dewang. At least he now had someone to talk to instead of sitting there in boredom.

Before the opening, Wang led his bride Cui Hua up to Ouyang Shuo to get his blessing. Ouyang Shuo said a few auspicious words, and let the bride go back to her room. In ancient weddings, the bride were not allowed to reveal her face easily. Only because he was the lord did he get such differential treatment.

A wedding, and all the bustling around.

After the opening, Ouyang Shuo ate something just for symbol, and then got up and left. He also knew that after his words, nobody was going to open up and have fun totally. It was better to leave early, and leave the evening to the bride and groom.



* * *





Chapter 52




Chapter 52

Chapter 52 - The Township



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun



The next day, early in the morning, the Salt Pan Division began to organize the sale of sea salt.

It was a lot of sea salt to move, with more than 20 fishing boats hauling it from the salt fields to the dock. The villagers all put down their tools and spontaneously pitched in to help get the sea salt from the pier to the Market by the village square.

After more than a month of production, as well as processing salted fish and bacon, the northern field had still produced 240,000 units of sea salt.

The huge amount of sea salt took all that time just to be moved. It took until 4 PM for all that sea salt to arrive in the Market.

Each unit of sea salt was priced at 20 copper, 240k units of sea salt meant 480 gold coins. Deducting the 20% tax, Ouyang Shuo pocketed 384 gold coins.

Adding in his previous gold, Ouyang Shuo now had 510 gold in his storage bag. This money he was no longer ready to use much of. Seeing there was half a month’s time before the first system auction, he had to think about accumulating funds.

The next batch of sea salt, Ouyang Shuo would wait until the end of March to sell.

Because he would upgrading to a grade 1 town tomorrow, he went back to the Manor after this, talking things over with his Secretaries and asking them to get their respective work sorted out. After the territorial upgrade he would be holding a meeting talking about the expansion.

-------------------------------------------

On February 15th, Ouyang Shuo walked into the central chamber to do the territory upgrade.

A white light strobed, and in the middle of the chamber, the golden stone rose once again. Ouyang Shuo placed his right hand on the stone, and the system prompts sounded out.

“System Notification: Detecting Shanhai Village upgrade conditions…”

“Condition 1: Population has reached over 1000 people and is past the population limit. Requirement has been met!

“Condition 2: All infrastructure completed. Requirements have been met!

“Condition 3: The Lord’s Title has reached at least Third grade Viscount! Requirement has been met!

“Condition 4: The political, economic, cultural and military indices have attained no less than 30 points! Requirements have been met!

“System Tip: Congratulations to the player Qiyue Wuyi for establishing all the upgrade conditions for Shanhai Village. Having met all the requirements, do you wish to upgrade?”

“I do!”

The golden light again surged up to they sky, turning into a golden halo that expanded out to the edges of the territory before once again disappearing.

“System Notification: Congratulations to the player Qiyue Wuyi for becoming the first in China to upgrade to a Grade 1 Town! Rewarded 1100 merit points!”

“System Notification: Congratulations to the player Qiyue Wuyi…”

“System Notification: Congratulations…”

The announcement caused an immediate uproar in China. In less than half a month’s time, Shanhai Village had actually upgraded to a Town. This was unbelievably fast. Before the players had even had time to recover from this blow, another slew of system announcements sounded out.

“World Announcement: Congratulations to the Chinese player Qiyue Wuyi for becoming the first in the world to upgrade to a Town. Reward is 2000 merit point, and you are given the title of The First Town!&rdq

uo; “World Announcement: Congratulations to the Chinese player Qiyue Wuyi…”

“World Announcement: Congratulations…”

Global special awards were only for the very first person, second place got nothing, and it was only for upgrading the territory across the Large Level Divide.

The reason why there was no global reward for the first village was because Gaia knew that the first to build the cities all had their own custom gaming capsules.

One, it would have been hard to separate first and second, and two, it was unfair to the other players.

Following the global Siege of Beasts, Qiyue Wuyi was now once again firmly in the center of the field of vision of the global players.

The world announcement, just like the local one, triggered a frenzy.

The United States, The Free Village

Jack Dawson muttered, “Mysterious Oriental country, and sure enough, many crouching tigers and hidden dragons! Really is amazing!”

……

Britain, Avic Fort

William gracefully said to the people around him, “It seems that there is still a long way to go to restore the glory of the British Empire!”

……

Japan, San Li Village

Honda Keisuke was flustered. “Eight curses, that person grabs the limelight again!”

……

Russia, St. Petersburg

Pushkin excitedly said, “Hey, only such a strong foe is worthy to be my opponent. Qiyue Wuyi, I wait for the day I can fight you!”

……

India, Bangalore Village

Di Lawa looked grim. “India is the representative of Oriental civilization. Qiyue Wuyi, you wait for me!”

……

The biggest shock was to the local area of China. It was proud. It was scared. There were people flustered.

“1st post: Hey, Qiyue Wuyi, really good show, you gave us Chinese a lot of face!”

“2nd post: Qiyue Wuyi, the Chinese lords give way to no one!

“3rd post: The era of the hegemony of the Handan Six has officially ended. The era of Qiyue has officially opened!”

“4th post: China’s strongest lord, keep driving ahead!”

……

In Handan Village, Di Chen had completely lost his cool demeanor. He angrily shouted, “How? How could this happen? Less than half a month’s time!”

Watching him reveal his true self, Juedai Fenghua sat to his right, her eyes bright and her expression unreadable.

……

At Danyang Village, Chun Shenjun was sitting in his office, revealing an interested expression. He said to himself, “Qiyue Wuyi, do not think I cannot catch you even if you stay hidden. You refused to ally with Chen, and chose someone else. You are like me, unwilling to be alone!”

He indeed had the deepest connections of the six former Tyrants. Chun Shenjun had been inquiring into Shanhai Village’s and Consonance’s alliance; it was very interesting.

……

In Lingxie Village, the 4 Consonance sisters were together again.

“Simei, are you still insisting that our ally is a civilian player?” Bai Hua asked.

Tsing Yi pondered a moment before saying cautiously, “From the surface point of view, this is really difficult to understand, upgrading to township in such a short period of time. However, I still stand by my previous point of view. Do not forget that in the last world task, he was awarded the full 600 gold coins reward.”

Zi Luolan shook her head and retorted, “I do not agree! Di Chen won 450 gold coins, but there was no movement on his end. And this time was not just a China first, but a world first!”

Bai Hua nodded agreement. “Anyway, it’s a good idea to reevaluate the ally, but fortunately, we are allies and not enemies.”

……

Lianzhou Basin, Mulan Village

Mulan spoke at the side of a female general, asking, “Sister, according to what you see, do we have to take the initiative and contact our neighbors?”

If people were familiar with the game’s history, they would have recognized Mu Guiying!

Mu Guiying nodded. “I think you can try. It is best to be able to ally in the Lianzhou Basin before the situation is clear and we become enemies.”

Mulan smiled. “I will do as my sister said!”

……

Lianzhou Basin, Broken Blade Village

Ba Dao was not convinced and said, “Well, Lianzhou will be mine. Qiyue Wuyi, I’ll let you show off first!”

Ouyang Shuo did not have time to talk about the outside world, and continued to upgrade his operation.

“System Notification: Congratulations to the player Qiyue Wuyi for upgrading to a first grade town. City-level Lord’s Manor has automatically upgraded. Randomly selecting 3 town-level infrastructures, the player can choose one of them.

“System Notification: Random selection of three buildings is complete, please choose one of: basic brick kiln, cemetery, or orchard! Please choose!”

“I choose the basic brick kiln!”

“System Notification: Building automatically generated, player please view!”

Territory: Shanhai Town ( Grade 1 Township)

Lord: Qiyue Wuyi (Third Count)

Title: The World’s First Town (Enhancing territorial reputation 20%)

People’s Thoughts: 90

Security: 85

Territory population: 1000/2000

Flow rate of immigrants: 50 * (1 + 50%) = 75 / day

Territory area: 200 square kilometers

Territorial characteristics: 50% increase attracting migrants, 20% increase in attracting special talents, 50% increase in crop production, 20% increase in production capacity of residents, 20% increase in military promotion, 10% increase in talent breakthroughs.

Affiliated Village: No

Treasury: Four Seas Bank

Territory Resources: Basic Logging Camp, Intermediate Quarry; Basic Mining Field

Territorial Army: Cavalry Squadron

Territory Industry: Northern Salt Field (500 acres)

Political index: 40/100 (determines administrative efficiency and relationship with the people)

Economic index: 35/100 (determines trade prosperity and ability to pay taxes)

Cultural index: 30/100 (represents the degree of educational development and quality of life of residents)

Military: 40/100 (indicates military strength and morale)

Infrastructure: Lord’s Manor, Residential small homes, Public bathrooms, Village granaries

Agricultural Construction: Simple Farmland, Pigsty, Cattle Pen, Goat Pen, Mill, Mulberry Field

Commercial Buildings: Basic Market, Intermediate Blacksmith shop, Basic Grocery, Advanced Woodshop, Advanced Hospital, Village Private School, Advanced Martial Arts Dojo, Senior Tailor Shop, Beginner Pottery Kilnworks, Wine Workshop, Food Shop, Meat Shop, Cloth Shop

Cultural Buildings: Village Ancestral Hall, Village Private School, Lianzhou College

Military Buildings: Intermediate Barracks, Stone Outposts, Stables, Weapon Workshop, Arsenal

Special Buildings: Ferry, Wharf, Intermediate Shipyard

Secret Buildings: Mazu Temple (sealed), Recruitment Hall

List of Capital Construction Buildings:

Basic Brick Kiln: Furnace to bake bricks. Construction Requirements: Basic brick factory, brick kiln construction drawings, 200 wood, 800 stone. Construction time: 3 days (Note: this building has been randomly generated)

Cemetery: Cemetery to bury the deceased. Construction Requirements: 400 wood, 2800 stone. Construction time: 2 days.

Orchard: Planted fruit trees. Construction Requirements: Fruit trees, 400 wood, 200 stone. Construction time: 2 days.

Food shop: A shop to sell food. Construction Requirements: Food shop building plans, 300 wood, 200 stone. Build time: 1 day (Description: Built)

Meat Shop: A shop to sell meat. Construction Requirements: Meat shop building plans, 300 wood, 200 stone. Build time: 1 day (Description: Built)

Cloth Shop: A shop to sell cloth.　Construction Requirements: Cloth shop building plans, timber 300, stone 200. Build time: 1 day (Description: Built)

Arsenal: Weapon storage warehouse. Construction Requirements: Arsenal building plans, 600 wood, 400 stone. Construction time: 3 days (Description: Built)

School: Intermediate educational institutions. Construction Requirements: Instructors, school building plans, 800 wood, 400 stone. Construction time: 3 days (Description: Built)



* * *





Chapter 53




Chapter 53

Chapter 53 - Financial Services



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Levs



The township interface had some interesting changes, as compared with that of a village.

The biggest change was the former massive list of basic buildings was now divided into five categories - basic, agricultural, commercial, cultural and military.

After upgrading to a township, the industries were more divided, requiring more orderly planning. To this end, the lords needed to develop more detailed industry management practices, forming a more comprehensive administration system.

Ouyang Shuo had already begun to implement this in the village stage. It was no exaggeration to say that Shanhai’s administrative structure was enough to deal with the entire Township stage, even if he had no greater ambitions.

At present, more than 80% of the villages had basically the village head for their administrative structure, plus one to two deputy heads to help maintain operations.

That very primitive administrative structure could just barely work in the village stage. After all, affairs at the village level were few enough that a diligent lord could manage them with one or two effective deputies. Not all territories were going to be like Shanhai, basically forming a perfect industry base from salt panning, fisheries, animal breeding, industry and commerce, simply all-encompassing.

Most of the lords could upgrade the necessary infrastructure. They had to pray and hope that they could get excess funds and resources to develop other industries.

There was also the need to satisfy the requirements of the township level, which was the purpose of the four indices. The system was set to encourage lords to develop a solid foundation at the village level, before upgrading to a town, instead of trying to remedy their shortcomings afterwards.

Another change was that it no longer reported the specific numbers of resources available to the lord, instead just reporting what level of gathering fields they had.

This was another important sign of moving from village to town. It was set so to remind the lords that he or she is now progressing forward, specific numbers of resources shall not concern them anymore. Focusing only on the numbers would indicate you are not qualified as a lord.

By this time, the lord should have a broader view of the overall situation. As a town leader, it was time to focus on upgrading resource collections and storage capacity, and doing long term planning.

Shanhai, for example, on its back was a mountain, and was next to a large forest. Whether it be stone, ore, or wood resources, it was rich in them, and for a short time he didn’t have to worry about raw resources in his lands.

This was the advantage of the basin. In addition to the large amount of wood, the basic resources of the other types also had high reserves. However, the more advanced resources, like gold, silver, or diamond mines, would depend on your luck and weren’t so easy to find.

In addition to these changes, Ouyang Shuo focused on the new infrastructure. Although there were eight new buildings in the township, he had already built most of them at the village level, and now only needed building blueprints for the cemetery and orchard to finish them up.

But that didn’t mean he could sit back and relax about updating Shanhai’s infrastructure. From village to township, four village buildings needed upgrades: the public baths, the granaries, the ancestral hall, and the private school. Upgrading these buildings, like doing the barracks previously, required him to buy the building blueprints, at ten tim

es the previous prices. After viewing the statistics for his lands, Ouyang Shuo finally had the time to take a serious look at the upgrade to the Lord’s Manor.

After the upgrade, the manor had moved from the traditional Chinese quadrangles courtyard into a courtyard of 2 segments. The front segment were the government offices, while the back segment were the manor's living place.

The furniture in the whole building had received an upgrade, it was now beginning to feel like a wealthy home. Most importantly, the Manor was no longer all wooden, but now included masonry in its construction.

The frontal area layout was basically the same as before, with the lobby still serving as the main hall for chamber meetings.

There were two large offices on each side of the main hall. On the west side was the Mayor’s Office, as well as the office of the Financial Division. On the east side were the offices of the Administration Department and Material Reserves Department.

In addition to a dining area, there were five small rooms for the officials to rest in. The main entrance in the front was more dignified, and there was a porter on duty now. On either side of the main entrance, there were the storage, the kitchen, and a living area for the servants.

At the back of the main chamber was the inner courtyard. The first thing that caught his eyes was a small garden. It was set with stones, running water, fish, even some birds flitting about. It was small, but very complete.

Travelling across the gravel trails in the garden, there stood the main house of the inner segment. The living hall of the main house was naturally been purposed to entertain the guests. Beside it to the west, was an independent study room, then only following it was Ouyang Shuo's bedroom.

To the east of the living hall, were two bedrooms which Ouyang Shuo had left it for Yingyu and Qing'er, the two sisters. There were also two side houses to the west and east of the main house, they were designated for the servant maids. Which Ouyang Shuo had intended to hire two servant maids to help the two sisters in their daily lives.

He passed through the inner courtyard once again, returning to the main chamber. The assembled ministers were there, ready to participate in the first expansion of the new town of Shanhai.

Ouyang Shuo smiled broadly as he greeted everyone before sitting down. “Today’s agenda is about what steps we are going to take after upgrading from a village to a township. There are some ideas and plans and so on, and I’m not going to blow horns again. I will be a listener today, let’s start with a report from the Financial Secretary!”

The first person was called, Yingyu was already prepared. Her new assistant, Qian Lifei, was standing behind her.

Yingyu went over her mental notes, and began. “At this stage of the territory, our fiscal revenue includes several sources. These are the sale of real estate, the production of salt, and taxation. Of the three main sources, the sale of real estate is mainly turned into low interest loan, and also the expense of the redemption of the welfare vouchers. There is no obvious continuing revenue on the books, although a steady stream of interest should be starting soon.

“Our golden industry is the salt pans operation. Yesterday, we sold off all of our sea salt, and there will be no further output for a short time. Finally, on taxes. Because privatization has just started, the agricultural tax is basically nothing, and for the commercial tax, only a few shops, such as the carpenters, smithy, and tailor shop have paid limited tax revenues.

“Paying attention to the financial expenditures of the territory, these include salaries, project costs expenditures, industry support spending, and military spending. There is also the remunerations of the four departments, including the salaries of government officials, and the mining and salt workers. These areas are largely a fixed expenditure.

“For project costs, the most important is the wall works and its supporting inland river and moat excavation project. The project will take a long time, requiring the use of more than a thousand workers. The industry we spend on includes the weapons workshop, wine workshop, and ranch. These are all in the beginning stages, and we need to continue investing in them, so we are not going to see any income from them for the time being. Finally, military spending is accounted independently, but is also a large cost.

“It is clear that the financial condition of the territory is not optimal. We are obviously making ends meet, and are able to support it for now, it has come almost entirely based on early system rewards and raiding bandit camps to maintain our territorial operations.

“Therefore the next step in the Financial Division’s goals is to reverse this tide and ensure that the territory’s finances are able to function properly and maintain a balance of payments and income. The most important part of this is to increase our revenue. To this end, the Financial Secretary is set to expand the scale of the salt pans, and further stimulate the development of the two major industrial and commercial measures.

“The salt pans to the north is a financial pillar of the territory. Expanding its size will quickly increase our revenue, and have an immediate effect. However, there are advantages and disadvantages. A single financial income is not conducive to healthy territorial development, and it has no defense against external risks.

“Therefore, the Financial Secretary’s main objective is to boost the industrial and commercial development of the territory. To this end, the Financial Secretary has proposed a separate support fund to encourage more skilled people to set up shops or workshops. At the the town level, the smith, tailor shop, and woodworking shop are unable to meet the current demand. This is a long-term plan, to promote commercial competition and prosperity in the territory.”

Ouyang Shuo nodded with satisfaction after listening seriously to the Financial Secretary’s report, smiling and saying, “Well, the Financial Secretary’s report is very clear. I basically agree with the report. However, in order to stimulate the economy, we will implement the policy with some institutional changes.

“To that end, I have decided to upgrade the Financial Division to the Finance Department, with the Taxation Division and Business Division under it. The former Financial Secretary, Cui Yingyu, will serve as Financial Secretary and Director of the Business Division. The former Financial Secretary’s Assistant, will serve as Director of the Taxation Division. The specified economic stimulus policy will be implemented by the new Business Division.”

财政司升格之后，在行政级别上与行政署和物资储备署平级，有利于财政署开展工作。

Qian Lifei, Yingyu’s disciple, in a few days time he had gone up two levels, from a clerk to the assistant director, and was now in charge of the Tax Department. This also fully exposed the lack of talent in Shanhai, many positions had to raise seedlings.

Of course, this was also related to Ouyang Shuo’s rapid ambitious expansion. Such an administrative structure was actually enough to support the county level, but he was still fiddling around at the township level.



* * *





Chapter 54




Chapter 54

Chapter 54 - Meritorious Service Division



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun



The Financial Division, or now… the Finance Department, had finished its report.

The Administration Secretary, Fan Zhongyan, spoke up now. “The Administration Department currently holds jurisdiction over the Agricultural Division, the Construction Division, the Salt Pan Division, and the Household Registration Office. In order to clarify the powers of the Secretary, there is a proposal on institutional adjustment, please refer to the main report.”

“Please say it!”

“Salt is a strategic resource, and should be subject to the jurisdiction of the Material Reserves Department. It was an honor to handle the salt pans under sire’s trust, yet it is time I return the salt pans to where it belongs. Please permit my proposal, my lord!” Fan Zhongyan calmly said, as if he did not know that he was throwing out a blockbuster.

As one of the most important heavyweight divisions of the territory, in charge of the territory’s economic lifeline, the importance of the Salt Pan Division need not be repeated. Fan Zhongyan had now offered to submit the Salt Pan Division to the Material Reserves Department, in essence giving them the biggest heavyweight division of the Administration Department.

The day before the Agricultural Division was taken from the Material Reserves Department, taking jurisdiction of agriculture, forestry, fisheries, and animal breeding. This time, was the concession reciprocation? When had Fan Zhongyan and Tian Wenjing formed such a tacit understanding?

This was the question of most of the people here. Ouyang Shuo didn’t believe the truth would be so simple.

As Ouyang Shuo’s first true civil servant of the territory, Fan Zhongyan was displaying his political ambitions. Sorting out the relationships between their departments, this was his first move. The arrival of Tian Wenjing brought him a sense of urgency. Therefore, he was taking the initiative to speed up the pace of institutional adjustment.

For such a benign competition, Ouyang Shuo would of course had a positive attitude, thus he agreed, “Permission granted!”

Fan Zhongyan was apparently confident of Ouyang Shuo’s permission, and continued on. “In addition, with the rapid increase in the territory’s population, the work of registering households is becoming heavier and heavier. Therefore, it is recommended that the Household Registration Office be officially upgraded to the Household Registration Division.”

Ouyang Shuo, his face without expression, “Approved, in addition, the Administration will recommend a new Household Registration Division officer. Report the candidate to me. As for the original Household Registration Officer Gu Xiuwen, there will be another arrangement.”

This was contrary to Fan Zhongyan’s expectations, giving him a surprise. Gu Xiuwen could be said to be the most important assistant in the Administration. Listening to Ouyang Shuo’s decision to transfer Gu out of the Administration Department, his lord’s decision puzzled him.

Finding someone to replace Gu Xiuwen would be really hard to do at the moment, especially for a Director’s position. Whether it was the original peasant-born households clerk Du Quan, or Fan Zhongyan’s assistant Qin Shijian, he was reluctant to have either of them promoted.

Temporarily pressing down the doubts in his heart, Mr. Fan resorted to his last proposed institutional adjustment. “With the territorial administration continually improving and expanding, inclu

ding low-level government officials, the civil service system is getting larger and larger. With the wave of privatization, all kinds of temptations are following. With that, it is time to set up a special department to carry out supervision and evaluation of civil service duties.” Ouyang Shuo nodded in agreement, this was one of his larger concerns. After privatization, he could not expect all the government officials to stay conspicuously clean and self-disciplined, with a serious adherence to duty. That kind of thinking would be complete political immaturity. In order to prevent this sort of slippage, it would have to come from inside his system, keeping his civil servants hard-working and honest, or risking punishment. That would be the best way to handle it.

Since ancient times, official rule had always had problems, disciplining themselves was always the most troublesome. Fan Zhongyan was offering to set up the Meritorious Service Division, which pleased Ouyang Shuo greatly. It was an idea worthy of Fan Zhongyan’s strictly self-disciplined public image, while also wanting to sort out the official atmosphere of the entire territory.

“I am very much in favor of this, and I very much agree to set up a Meritorious Service Division. It will be responsible for the handling of the civil service and the reconsideration of the officers, and will be under the jurisdiction of the Administrative Secretary.”

At this point, Fan Zhongyan had, through three simple steps, realized his political ambitions. With this new Meritorious Service Department hanging over the head of the civil servants like a sword, they did not dare derelict their duty. Otherwise, what was waiting for them was demotion, dismissal, or even more severe punishments.

In regards the specific work arrangements of the Administration, it was not suitable for discussion at the meeting because it was too complicated. After the meeting, Ouyang Shuo would personally see the head of that Department with a separate discussion.

After the Administration Department was the Material Reserves Division. Similarly, the Material Depository had just been established, and a lot of their work was not yet clear.

Tian Wenjing still had an unmoving face, calmly saying, “There is only 1 proposal. There are currently 200 horses available to expand the cavalry, and this needs to be further increased. Therefore, it is very necessary to set up a horse farm ranch, and more importantly, to find the right horse to cultivate more excellent horses.”

Tian Wenjing’s proposal made Ouyang Shuo think. In his past life, Lianzhou Basin had produced a good horse, the green horse.

According to legends, the green horse was the product of the ancient god of insects and a wild horse. Thus, the green horse had a divine bloodline, running like the wind, and had a strong spirit. It would be a very suitable horse.

“In fact, there is an excellent horse in our Lianzhou Basin, which, as far as I know, is mainly living in the heart of the Basin. However, you must cross the Friendship River and search on the other side.”

“However,” Ouyang Shuo continued on, “the central area of the basin is populated by a group of powerful nomadic tribes. These nomads are all soldiers, and especially good at riding and shooting. They are not easy targets. To capture the green horses, you will have to deal with them.”

At this time, Lieutenant San Gouzi of the military Intelligence Division took the initiative to stand up, loudly saying, “Sir, our military forces will be responsible for this matter!”

Ouyang Shuo nodded, saying solemnly, “I agree with the Military Intelligence Division’s involvement. But I have a request. This time, the main focus is to find out the specific areas of the green horses, not clashing with the nomads!”

San Gouzi nodded hard, saying, “ Understood! Sir, you may rest assured!”

At this point, Shanhai Town’s first expansion meeting had come to an end. After the meeting, Ouyang Shuo met with the military officers to study the army’s expansion plan for the next step.

Ouyang Shuo profoundly realized the importance of having more infantry, and went right to the point. “For this next expansion of the army, the cavalry will be left untouched. We will focus on the infantry. I am ready to directly expand the infantry into a full infantry squadron.”

General Shi nodded in agreement, asked, “According to the Lord, who will be responsible for the newly formed infantry squadron?”

The sergeants of the first team were, in addition to Lin Yi, all seventh order elites. The highest of them could only serve as a lieutenant, they weren’t qualified to command a squadron.

“The newly established infantry will be set up by General Shi and placed under his command. The cavalry squadron will now be led by the new Captain Lin Yi.” Ouyang Shuo announced the new appointment calmly.

Lin Yi, barely out of his teens, was cool-headed, a flexible thinker, and a good seedling. Within only a month’s time, he had gone from sergeant to lieutenant, and had now been promoted to squadron captain. It was easy to see Ouyang Shuo’s appreciation and trust in him.

For Ouyang Shuo’s blessing, Lin Yi was naturally grateful, excitedly saying, “I would like to thank the lord for this promotion, I will not disappoint you!”

Ouyang Shuo waved his hand, looking to the side at the envious looks of Zhang Dainiu, Zhao Sihu and the others. He smiled and said, “You do not need to envy him. I guarantee that whoever is the first among you to break through to the ninth-order elite, will be promoted to command the infantry squadron.”

This was a no-warning surprise. Ouyang Shuo had succeeded in shocking them all, making all of them all the more determined to be the first to break through to the ninth-order.

There were three who could compete for it, Zhang Daniu, Zhao Sihu and Li Mingliang. The three could break through anytime to the ninth-order elite. The former two were aggressive people and natural competitors. The more complacent Li Mingliang could only be judged to be slightly inferior to them. As for Liao Kai and Zhou Feng, the two new sergeants, they were still just sixth-order soldiers.

Therefore, it was most probable that the infantry squadron captain would be decided between Zhang Daniu, Zhao Sihu and Li Mingliang.

As for the cavalry squadron’s two vacant positions, Ouyang Shuo was in no hurry to appoint anyone. He had to wait until he determined the infantry captain to do so.

With the military expansion matters done, Ouyang Shuo headed to the Market to purchase building blueprints.

This time there were four village buildings to upgrade to the town level. Among them, the Public Bathrooms were a public building, therefore the next level’s upgrade cost 20 gold coins. This was also the highest level of the bathrooms, there were no city level or higher toilets.

For the granary, ancestral hall and private school, the town level building blueprints were priced at 50 gold coins each. The granary and private school could be upgraded all the way up to the city level, while the ancestral hall could be made into a temple.

In addition, Ouyang Shuo spent 20 gold coins, buying the Intermediate Market building blueprints, only to unlock the auction platform function in advance. The five architectural drawings cost 190 gold in total.

Speaking of building blueprints, he remembered that there were some in his storage bag. In there were the useless building blueprints from the extermination of the bandit camp, respectively the dojo, stables, weapon workshop and tower. He removed them all and sold them off in the Market, and after the 20% net transaction cost, receiving only 52 gold coins.

After the various tradings, his resulting gold was down to 372. He really hadn’t wanted to spend them...

In addition to the building plans, Ouyang Shuo was also prepared to buy other things suitable for growing in the Lianzhou Basin. He was looking for seeds or seedlings for cultivation of fruits. Eventually, he chose mangoes.

In fact, Guangxi was also rich in lychee, longans, persimmons and other fruits, but these fruits required specifically cultivated seedlings for planting. Using the seeds out of the fruit, you got truly wild plants that found it hard to bear fruits, and even then the fruit wasn’t that good.

Leaving the Market, Ouyang Shuo headed back to the Manor, where there were a lot of things waiting for him.



* * *





Chapter 55




Chapter 55

Chapter 55 - Affiliated Villages



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Levs



Back inside the manor, Ouyang Shuo headed into the administrative offices on the east side.

He first handed the five building blueprints he had just purchased to Zhao Dewang at the Construction Division. He told him to get some people while the walls were being built to go and upgrade these five buildings.

Then, he looked for Gu Xiuwen, asking him to come to his office, he had something to arrange.

Gu Xiuwen had just been told he was being transferred from the Household Registration Office this morning. Hearing Ouyang Shuo call for him, he knew that he was being given a new task.

At the mayor’s office, Ouyang Shuo had Xiuwen sit down and smiled at him. “Xiuwen, you have had a very good performance during this time of difficulty with the errands you have done. I have seen all this, and now I have a more difficult task to give you, do you have the confidence?”

“Whatever the lord commands, I will make sure it is done!”

Ouyang Shuo nodded with satisfaction, exclaiming, “Well, there is a need for such boldness! That matter is thus: Since the village has upgraded to a township, you can build an affiliated village. The area of the territory has expanded, the mountains to the north are now formally a part of the territory. This will provide the salt pans workers a safe place, and save them from coming back and forth between Shanhai and the fields. I have decided that this first subsidiary village will be built near the salt pans and will be dedicated to the salt field workers.”

“The lord is generous, any questions the salt workers have about your grace have been answered!” Gu Xiuwen said earnestly.

Ouyang Shuo waved his hand. “The northern salt pans will be the golden industry of the territory for a very long time. The salt workers spend all day in the wind and sun, continuing to create benefits for the territory which gives them a stable home. This is the meaning of the new village! I need a responsible village head. I intend to recommend you. Are you willing to suffer living on the beach?”

Although his heart was prepared, Gu Xiuwen was still very excited, saying rather incoherently, “It is an honor to serve under your lead, Xiuwen will even die without a word.”



“I am ready to name the village the Beihai Village, mainly to serve as our northern branch and cater to the salt fields. However, the absolute role of Beihai Village is not limited to this. In the future it will be the only port city of the territory, the window of our territorial trade, and so its importance cannot be underestimated,” Ouyang Shuo explained firmly.

Gu Xiuwen nodded his head, feeling the responsibility coming down on him, and said, “For this Beihai Village, does the lord have any starting orders?”

“My first thought is that Beihai Village will be built in direct accordance with grade 3 village standards. As for the population, all 250 existing salt workers will be under its jurisdiction. In addition, every Shanhai division will deploy one or two low level officials to help you build the administrative structure of Beihai, and all the talents of Shanhai should send at least one apprentice there to get started. Shanhai has four blacksmiths, one should be sent over to you. Finally, the territory will supply you enough basic materials to deal with the materials needed for construction,” Ouyang Shuo told him, dispelling any of Xiuwen’s concerns.

The conditions of Beihai Village were not the same as Shanhai, which was basically built by pioneering tactics. This was the advantage of a subsidiary village. With early

support and administrators, it could develop very quickly. More importantly, as long as the base town had buildings, there was no need for building blueprints in the affiliated villages. That saved a ton of money.

With these promises from Ouyang Shuo, Xiuwen was emboldened. He said firmly, “With such unique conditions, we are sure to build a Beihai Village worthy of the lord’s confidence.”

“You have to remember your long-term plan for construction of the port location, where to build the village, it is better to be located somewhere suitable for a big port.” Ouyang Shuo told him.

“In addition, although the salt pans have not been affected by bandits or pirates, we will have to prevent that. After we begin, I am not just concerned about the people’s livelihood, but also forming a defense force as soon as possible. I will be deploying a sergeant from the cavalry squadron to help you.”

Xiuwen nodded, motioning to himself to remember this.

With this general situation almost done, Ouyang Shuo rose and smiled at Xiuwen. “Come, go with me to get the Village Creation Token.”



Ouyang Shuo went with a puzzled-looking Gu Xiuwen into the central meeting hall. There was a hum as the golden heartstone of the Township rose from the floor, its flat front facing Ouyang Shuo.

He put his hand on the face of the stone, in his heart mentioning the affiliated village, and the system prompts sounded immediately.

“System Notice: Shanhai Town belongs to a Grade 1 Township, and has a quota for 1 affiliated village. Would you like to use it?”

“Yes!”

“System Notice: Shanhai Town was built using a gold level token, affiliated villages will use a build token one level lower, a silver token. Dispense now?”

“Yes!”

The white light flashed on the golden heartstone, slowly congealing and falling into the hands of Ouyang Shuo, turning into a silver village token.

Ouyang Shuo took the opportunity to check the properties of the Silver Village Creation Token.



Name: Village Creation Token (Silver)

Features: 50% increase in attracting immigrants; 16% increase in attracting special talents; 40% increase in crop production; 16% increase in skilled worker productivity; 16% increase in military promotion.

Evaluation: A unique item, cannot be dropped, untradeable.



The characteristics of a silver village were only 80% of a gold village, with fewer exclusive features. Even so, it was still a very rare village token. In all of China, including the Six Tyrants of Handan, there were no more than ten silver villages.

In accordance with the system’s rules, building an affiliated village automatically reduced the new village by 1 grade, and each territory could have up to three affiliated villages. Of course, occupying the territories of other Lords was not part of this limit.

When subordinate villages were upgraded to townships, each of them can have three of their own subsidiary villages. Of course in order to do so, the main territory would have to be upgraded to a grade 1 city. Similarly, the grade of the subsidiary villages of the affiliated towns would also drop a grade, and so on and so forth, down to the bronze level, where they would drop no further.

In other words, Shanhai Town had three silver village tokens. Out of those villages, when they became towns they could set up nine black-iron grade villages.

The power of Shanhai being gold ranked could be seen to have a far-reaching impact. He had the only one in China, a gold level token built the town of Shanhai, and it would have a deep effect on the heritage of the rest.

Ouyang Shuo nodded with satisfaction at all of this, and handed the token over to Gu Xiuwen with a smile. “I have created the conditions for you. In the end, what becomes of Beihai Village will depend on you! Do not let me down.”

Xiuwen nodded silently as he received the token, choking as he said, “Sire, you can rest assured!”

“As for the selection of which government officers, talents and skilled apprentices to take, you served a long time as the Household Registration Officer, you should be more clear on them than I, and directly hold my hand to pick people! I will go with you to the Material Reserves Department and barracks tomorrow to coordinate things, you can start with the rest now!” Ouyang Shuo patted Xiuwen’s shoulder, speaking easily.

Watching Xiuwen walking out of the chamber with the token in his hand, Ouyang Shuo muttered, “Xiuwen, perhaps you do not even know what kind of opportunity this is, do not let me down on this!”

After that, Ouyang Shuo called Tian Wenjing and Du Xiaolan to his office. “Perhaps you have heard that the former Household Registration Officer Gu Xiuwen is about to go to the northern salt pans to open up a new village for the territory. Therefore, I have two matters.

“After the establishment of Beihai Village, the salt pans will accept the dual leadership of the Salt Pan Division and Beihai Village. All existing salt workers will be transferred into Beihai villagers and new salt workers will be placed on the preferred list for Beihai Village. Prior to this, I think it is necessary to have a clear definition of both of your duties.

“Beihai Village is mainly responsible for the protection and lives of the salt workers, while the Salt Pan Division is mainly responsible for salt production planning and salt storage, transportation, sale, and so forth. I hope that the Salt Pan Division and Beihai Village will work in coordination, with mutual help, not infighting.

“In addition, the Finance Department has also proposed expanding the scale of the salt pans in the morning meeting. I agree with this proposal. I suggest beginning the third phase of this project, using a month to scale up to two thousand acres.

“The second thing is regarding on helping out with the building of Beihai village. The Material Reserves Department needs to do two things well. Firstly, open the meat shops, grain shops and garment shops over at Beihai village as early as possible so that residents can buy their living supplies conveniently. Next, prepare a large amount of wood, stone, and iron ore, and transport it by boat to Beihai to support the construction of the village. Beihai is out by the sea, and there is no wood there. They may be able to slowly and independently mine stone and iron, but they will need support in wood resources to meet the needs of the grade 3 village upgrade requirements.”

Tian Wenjing nodded and said, “Sire, rest assured that the Material Reserves Department will cooperate with the village head to increase the strength of the territory. In addition, at this time the Material Reserves Department will also arrange for effective government officials to go to Beihai and establish a Material Reserves Department to work with the village head there.”

“You have eased my worries!” Ouyang Shuo nodded, getting up and sending them off.



* * *





Chapter 56




Chapter 56

Chapter 56 - Flower City



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun



After seeing off Tian Wenjing and Du Xiaolan, Ouyang Shuo got up and left the Manor. He was ready to go to the barracks and pick a sergeant to go with Gu Xiuwen and form the Beihai village guards.

There were ten active sergeants. Zhang Daniu, Zhao Sihu and Li Mingliang were fighting hard for the infantry squadron captaincy, and he could not pick them. Of the rest of the officers, Liao Kai and Zhou Feng were the most outstanding, but he did not know if Lin Yi was willing to release them.

At the barracks door, there had long been posted recruitment notices. There were a group of young boys gathered around them and talking about them.

“Look, the barracks posted a recruitment notice, we cannot miss this!”

“Come on, smelly. The last time you participated in the screening you were washed out, why do you even come again!”

“That was then, this is now our turn to show up, hey!”

“You want to know something, the last recruitment was for cavalry, I was washed out because of vision. But my body and physical tests were excellent. This time is the infantry, I can certainly be selected.”

“Hey, I will not be worse than you. If you can qualified, I certainly can, too!”

“Yes, yes. You know, in our Shanhai town, being a soldier is the best. Didn’t you see Uncle Tie’s son leading dozens of soldiers as a sergeant? It was awe-inspiring!”

“Yeah, and also mother Wu’s son Liao Kai, she was so happy when he was made sergeant, he has even met the lord! She is so proud of her son. I want my mother to be that proud of me, I have to join the army. If I can be a sergeant one day, that would be so awesome!”

“Unfortunately they are only recruiting infantry. I still like cavalry, riding a horse has so much more prestige!”

“What do you know, the infantry and cavalry have their own pros and cons, you can’t put them together and compare. Infantry wear heavy body armor, and don’t even mention how cool they are! If the usual light cavalry engages them, they can defeat them easily!”

“Indeed! Siege warfare also relies on infantry.”

“Well, I still feel that cavalry is powerful. A collective charge, what can a square formation do that rivals that?”

“Hey, if you want to fight, then wait until we are admitted and fight it out!”

“Yeah, you’re not even chosen yet you’re having daydreams already.”

“I say, dont stand at the door to the office, quickly go and register!”

“True! Go go go~~”

An eager group of people rushed with mighty purpose towards the barracks.

It seemed that the enthusiasm of the citizens was very high. Unsure of why, Ouyang Shuo suddenly felt a little sad. These young bloods had only seen the proud side of soldiering, not the tragedy of the battlefield, and the desolation of the seriously injured and retired.

Shaking his head, Ouyang Shuo stilled his heart, following slowly behind the group and into the barracks area. The soldiers were out on the field. There was already a long line. At first light on the first day of registration, no less than 100 people had already come.

General Shi was sitting on the training field on a chair, watching everything with 2 attendants behind him. He was surprised to see Ouyang Shuo out at this public registration.

Ouyang Shuo ignored him, stayed cool and went directly to find Captain Lin Yi.

The two of them headed inside the barracks to use the meeting room. Ouyang Shuo smiled at him and asked, “You’ve just taken over the cavalry squadron. Are you used to it?&

rdquo;

“It is okay,” Lin Yi replied with a smile. He certainly wasn’t going to complain to his lord, but the influence of General Shi still permeated the cavalry squadron and played a role in everything. Ouyang Shuo had appointed him as the cavalry squadron leader, both out of recognition and as a test for him. If he could not overcome this difficulty, he didn’t deserve to stay in the squadron position.

Ouyang Shuo had transferred General Shi from the cavalry squadron and had assigned him to train new recruits. It was a warning to him. The results of the last battle, he had not forgiven. If he could find a suitable army strategist, Ouyang Shuo was not ready to let General Shi lead the troops again. At this stage, Shanhai Town didn’t have enough depth to bear multiple miserable victories like that.



“Well, this time I came to you to borrow someone,” Ouyang Shuo said, ending the small talk and going right into the crux of things.

“Lord, as you command.”

“In order to quickly increase the combat effectiveness of the garrison in the new subordinate village- Beihai Village, I have decided they need an officer. Do you have any recommendations for the commander of this garrison?” Ouyang Shuo didn’t specify which officer, waiting to hear the view of Lin Yi.

“Well, I would like to ask, how many people would sire want in this garrison?” Lin Yi did not directly answer, but first asked the garrison’s situation.

“Beihai Village’s security threat is much lower than Shanhai Village’s used to be. Therefore, the garrison is tentatively scheduled for 50 people. Just a preparation team.”

“In that case, going to Beihai Village will be more of a disguised promotion to the selected officer. In my opinion, Liao Kai and Zhou Feng are both appropriate.”

This wasn’t contrary to Ouyang Shuo’s expectations, but the answer did not satisfy him. “Out of these two, Liao Kai and Zhou Feng, which do you think is more suitable?”

Lin Yi was somewhat embarrassed, thinking seriously, finally coughed out, “Zhou Feng!”

“Reasons?”

“How do I say this...these two people both have their own good points, they are not weak. Liao Kai is bloodthirsty, dares to fight, charges forwards bluntly. Zhou Feng is calm, doesn’t panic. Just for Beihai Village, if I were to pick only one of them, I would be more inclined to Zhou Feng,” Ling Yi commented clearly on the two of them.

“Well, you take care of this. Inform Zhou Feng, send him to Gu Xiuwen and he will start tomorrow.” With no hesitation, Ouyang Shuo chose to believe in Lin Yi’s judgement.

Having determined the garrison commander for Beihai, Ouyang Shuo did not stay in the barracks, directly returning to the Manor. Arriving there, it was already 5 PM. There were many things to still be arranged, but time didn’t allow for them. He simply returned to his office, closed his eyes, and began to plan out the layout of the town in his head.

After the promotion to township, the rapid expansion of the player’s territorial areas meant they were not as isolated as they had been at the village stage. It was possible that another player’s territory was not far from your own. And perhaps, you might find that after an upgrade your territory might be bordering on another player’s territory.

At this time, how to deal with your neighbors needed to be very subtle. After all, Earth Online was all about hegemony; war and death were core elements of the game. If players were snoring on the couch, how could he let others sleep?

As long as anyone had even a little ambition, they wouldn’t think of themselves as friends and neighbors. Whether it was sharpening swords or stabbing in the back, the ultimate purpose of the game was for them to destroy one another completely, to win a broader area for territorial development.

This kind of war between the territories would define the midpoint of the game. At the state level, the battles between the players would be the most intense, the frontier would see events of destruction and occupation played out every day. The township stage was merely a prelude, it wouldn’t even count as an appetizer.

So, he had to start preparing for it. After having experienced the Siege of Beasts, there were still no less than 70 player lords in the Lianzhou Basin. And three of those had ended up on the Dali Regional list!

The reason he’d set up the Military Intelligence Division early was just for this strategic reason.

Until he logged off in the evening, Ouyang Shuo still didn’t know what he was going to do. At this stage, he could only take the next step. After all, the whole world knew that Shanhai was now a township, and the rest of the players were still mostly struggling in the village stage, it wasn’t the time to meet one another.



******************************

Coming out of the game cabin, Ouyang Shuo did his usual few laps around the district. It was near the Spring Festival, and the district was slowly filling with the spirit of the New Year.

At the door to the community, the property company had put two huge kumquats, next to a circle of chrysanthemums. It was exceptionally festive. Red lanterns, as well as ‘Celebrate the New Year!’ banners had been posted all over.

Seeing the kumquat placed there, Ouyang Shuo thought of the traditional flower market. Today’s weather was good, why not go out for a ride and enjoy it?

Having thought of this, Ouyang Shuo headed home and called out to his still sleepy little sister, “Baby, get up now, today your brother is going to take you to visit the flower market. If you wait, it will be too late!”

Hearing that they were going out to play, Bing’er was awake in an instant, bouncing out of bed, nearly slipped, and ran to get herself washed. Really a little monkey, Ouyang Shuo thought as he shook his head.

The state of the spring flower market, a traditional event of the Han culture, was filled with both people and flowers everywhere.

For the people of Jiao state, flowers were indispensable for the Spring Festival. Because the flower symbolized good things, they could bring people a beautiful scene. A wide variety of flowers, of all shapes, sizes, colors, and fragrances, appealed to all manner of people for all manner of reasons, closely linked to happy times and memories.

Shuttling through the flowers like a happy deer, Bing’er was everywhere. From time to time she stopped, standing next to her favorite flowers, so her brother could take a picture of her.

At the flower market, what was selling most were the kumquats, peach blossoms, and narcissi. These three kinds were made into floral arrays. For the kumquat, because in Cantonese it was a homonym with luck, bringing a pot of kumquats home symbolized great fortune. The peach was a symbol of great success, and so it was purchased by younger people. Narcissus symbolized wealth and auspicious portents.

Ouyang Shuo naturally could not avoid this tradition, buying up all three in a pot, and giving them to Bing’er to take home with them.



* * *





Chapter 57




Chapter 57

Chapter 57 - Security Division



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: RED



After returning home, Ouyang Shuo took the purchased kumquat, narcissus, and peach blossoms and placed them appropriately around the room. With the fruitful kumquat, the fresh and elegant narcissus, and the cheerful peach, it seemed to make the room a bit brighter.

Brother and sister then simply ate dinner. After playing around for a whole day and running here and there, Bing’er was tired and went to bed right after dinner, not even bothering to wash up, really lazy of her.

Considering the time was still early, Ouyang Shuo didn’t log in, but instead went online and checked out the game forum.

There was no doubt that Shanhai Town had caused an explosion on the forums. As the first township in the world, not just in China, everyone was discussing him, and gossip was flying.

In order to attract attention, all the titles of the posts were actually longer than what was being written.

‘Mysterious man and little idiot, tell you about the real Qiyue Wuyi - Gossip Weekly interview.’

‘Embarrassing things from Qiyue Wuyi’s childhood - Buddy Ake interview.’

‘Is he the messenger of peace, or a tyrant of chaos? - Lianzhou Basin leader Huang Shiren interview.’

‘The secret of Shanhai Town - Scarf Decryption.’

‘Scary! Ugly Qiyue Wuyi and game goddess Bai Hua are dating! - Paparazzi Weekly.

‘From the bottom to the top, the history of the town of fortune - Entertainment Weekly.’

‘News! Qiyue Wuyi and Shenjun secret meeting - The Wicked Turn Special Report’

‘From the origin of species, to the Darwinian theory of evolution, and then onto Qiyue Wuyi - The Korean Descent.’

‘That night, I shared secrets with Qiyue Wuyi - Ami Interview.’

Ouyang Shuo really had to admire the imagination of these guys, spinning news out of thin air. Fortunately it was only published on a forum, not in a formal press release, or else he would have had to sue them for slander.

Putting aside the nonsensical gossip, there were also a few relevant posts.One of them by Bai Xiaosheng got his attention. The name of the post was “Big guess about the gold token, clues to Shanhai”, and was enough to attract his eye.



Bai Xiaosheng was clearly different from the general gossipers. He was not only well-informed, he even had some game insider information, as opposed to others who knew nothing.

He talked directly about the original intention of Gaia’s design for the gold-level village tokens, and then talked about how Shanhai Village took root in the frontier and quickly rose to prominence.

The whole post was based on so-called facts, and as it was spun out, it finally concluded that China’s gold-level token had fallen into the hands of Qiyue Wuyi, and that was the secret behind the rise of Shanhai Town.

Although the arguments were utterly ridiculous, almost diametrically opposed to what actually happened, the conclusion was actually guessed correctly. Ouyang Shuo believed that such a post would not long escape the heart of the people. It wouldn’t be long before the news of Shanhai being a gold token village would spread throughout China.

However, he would be prepared for anything that was to come. It was fine, let the world know, he was not afraid of being challenged anymore. Since it was almost time to log in, he ignored the news on the forum, directly closing his handbrain, and went into the game cabin. Once he logged in, it was already 8 AM in-game.



--------------------------

At this time in the morning, people from the lower levels of government and appr

entices from all the skilled trades had begun to assemble in the town square.

Going with Gu Xiuwen to Beihai Village were a full 55 people, in addition to the 250 salt pan workers. Beihai Village had been established and the population was already over 300, already exceeding the limit of a grade 1 village.

At 9 AM, the group officially moved out from the square, heading to the dock through the eastern gates. At the pier, more than forty fishing boats were ready. In addition to the people, the boats were also transporting the many basic materials prepared by the Material Reserves Department.

Ouyang Shuo led the officers to the dock for sending off Gu Xiuwen.

Originally he wanted to go with the crowd, and witness the establishment of the subsidiary village. However, he couldn’t as there were a lot of things waiting for him to deal with, and he didn’t have enough time. He had to spend his time very efficiently now.

After all, there were four days until New Year’s Eve, and a lot of things had to be set down in advance.

Everything that needed to be said had been said yesterday. Ouyang Shuo did not say any sensational words, but gave Gu Xiuwen a hard pat on the shoulder, smiled, and said, “Take care!”

Xiuwen nodded eagerly, bowing low and humbly to Ouyang Shuo in thanks. Behind him, the new Beihai villagers all bowed as well. Receiving their honor, Ouyang Shuo bowed back formally as well. Then, under the leadership of Xiuwen, they all boarded the fishing boats, one after another.

Watching the fleet of ships gradually row away, Ouyang Shuo turned to the officials behind him and said, “Okay, time to head back. There is a lot to do today.”



Back at the Manor, Ouyang Shuo called the three directors to the office to discuss something.

After greetings, Ouyang Shuo said directly, “Today I called you three here to discuss the establishment of a security team for the territory. Tell me about your views on this.”

Fan Zhongyan nodded and said, “Indeed, with the expansion of the territory, the population is rapidly expanding. Every day, we are adding 75 new immigrants. The security situation is getting more and more severe. Before fights and thieves start to spread, it is necessary to set up a team dedicated to enforcing territorial security.”

“I also agree, but is the security force going to operate independently, or exist under the army?” Cui Yingyu asked.

Tian Wenjing shook his head and said, “It is standard that the security team must be independent. The power of law and order belongs to the government. It should not be entangled with the military, otherwise there will be endless trouble.”

After listening to the views of his ministers, Ouyang Shuo was deeply pleased. Now he was allowing them to make more and more decisions, instead of making arbitrary rulings of his own. More and more often, he could listen to the views of the heads of the departments, and after collecting their views, make a decision.

After all, personal wisdom is limited, there would inevitably be omissions. Excellent lords learned to use the wisdom of the team. Not to mention, arbitrary rules in the long-term tended to breed complacency and closed minds, leading to unwillingness to listen to the views of others.

He smiled and said, “What Director Tian has said is very reasonable. Military and government affairs must operate independently. I thought about setting up a security team, but after listening to your views, I think that setting up a special division would be more logical and reasonable.

“The new division will be called the Security Division, it will be mainly responsible for the prevention, suppression, and detection of criminal activities; to maintain the order of the territory and stop disruptions to that order; to manage traffic and dangerous goods; and to guard important places and facilities.”

“Guarding important places and facilities, Big Brother is specifically referring to what places? Does this include the Four Seas Bank?” Yingyu was clearly interested in this description. There were treasures inside the bank, but no guards for now, this was something to worry about.

“Naturally, at this stage, it will include the Lord’s Manor and the Four Seas Bank as two places needing special guards.”

As the Chief Administrative Officer, Fan Zhongyan also considered the establishment of the division, saying, “In accordance with the meaning of the lord, the duties of the Security Division are heavy. I[a]n addition to general security duties, they would also be responsible for dangerous goods control, guards, and other work. What is sire’s plan on this division’s headcounts?”

“As for employees, we are tentatively aiming for 20. All members of the security division must be constables or detectives,” Ouyang Shuo replied quickly.

“Twenty people? This would be the largest current division. We cannot currently accommodate so many people in the Manor. In my opinion, it would be best to set up a special office for the Security Division.” Yingyu said with a smile.

Ouyang Shuo nodded. “Yes, I see your point. In front of the square, set up a courtyard specifically as an office for the security division. In addition, the security officers will be equipped with uniforms, weapons, and gear. This matter will be done by the Material Reserves Department.”

Tien Wenjing nodded, there would be no problems with that.

The next subject was the important personnel arrangements. Here, the three directors had inevitable doubts about who to recommend.



At this time, the concierge servant shouted, “Reporting to the lord, former militia member Li Tie, reporting as ordered!”

Everyone stopped in surprise.

“Send him in!”

A man in his early thirties entered the mayor’s office. Ouyang Shuo greeted him and told him to sit down. He smiled at Li Tie as he introduced him to the three directors.

Li Tie had been retired when he got injured. Fan Zhongyan and Tian Wenjing were not at Shanhai then, and naturally did not know of this. Even Yingyu wasn’t familiar with him because he was in the militia team.

Ouyang Shuo’s call had made Li Tie very excited. He naturally remembered the battle at the first bandit camp, and how he and Song Yi had been seriously injured and had to retire from the militia.

Just when the two had felt most depressed, Ouyang Shuo had personally come to the hospital to visit them and cheer them up. He had said that after the territory upgraded to a township, he would recruit them into the security team. Sure enough, the day after the upgrade, he had been summoned by the lord.

Ouyang Shuo smiled. “Li Tie is my recommendation for Secretary of Security, in addition to two others, Song Yi and Zhao Kui. They will be in charge of setting up the Security Division.”

Zhao Kui was injured in the second bandit camp battle and was forced to retire, with his left ear shorn clean off. The other three disabled cavalrymen were even more seriously disabled, and no longer suitable for security management work.

Speaking of odd things, the three backbones Ouyang Shuo had recommended were all missing something - Li Tie was blind in one eye, Song Yi had lost two fingers, and Zhao Kui an ear. None of them were perfectly intact.

History is often a joke. That is, these three wounded men, in the years following, would lead the division to its illustrious reputation. Lie Tie would be known as the One-Eyed Detective, Song Yi would be the Iron Hand, and Zhao Kui would be called The One Ear, together they would be the three gods of detectives in the territory.



* * *





Chapter 58




Chapter 58

Chapter 58 - Mulan Yue



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: RED



Deliberations finished, it was time to move on. The territory had just been upgraded, everyone was busy, there was no time to chat idly.

New director Li Tie was anxious to go get Song Yi and Zhao Kui, his two helpers. Then they had to put up recruitment posters to get their 20 officers as soon as possible. He had pledged a military oath to Ouyang Shuo, promising that the Security Division would be in place before the Spring Festival to ensure security during the holiday season.

Cui Yingyu also mentioned that she was missing staff for her Business Division. How she was going to build up the staff of the Business Division, in order to implement a round of economic stimulus as soon as possible, was placed in front of her as her top priority.

Material Reserves Director Tian Wenjing was not so easy to handle. On one hand, he wanted to work with the Military Intelligence team, searching for the green horses, Qingfu horses, and also find a suitable area to construct a horse ranch. On the other hand, with the rapid expansion of transportation demand in the territory, the need for a special fleet of wooden horse carts was placed before the Material Reserves Department, as well as the need for a transportation fleet between Shanhai and Beihai.

Waiting until the others had gone, Fan Zhongyan said, “My lord. I have a recommendation for the Secretary of the Division of Household Registration, if you could have a look!”

“Who?” Ouyang Shuo was very curious about who would take over from Beihai’s Gu Xiuwen.

The work of the Household Registration Division looked very simple on the surface. All it seemed to do was register the resident’s addresses and jobs, sorting out the proportions of agriculture, industry, and fishermen required into five categories. It also carried an important mission in finding talents within the territory.

In Gu Xiuwen’s time, he dealt with the general talents. Only if he thought it was important, or if Ouyang Shuo would be interested, did he specifically report to Ouyang Shuo and ask him to arrange something. That had been the right way to handle it, and the very reason why the Household Registration Division existed was because of the wisdom and vision of Gu Xiuwen.

If he thought it was an important talent, he told Ouyang Shuo, but did not worry him otherwise. Or perhaps if it was just general talents, but in fact Ouyang Shuo had been looking for such people. Whatever the situation, the Secretary could have been accused of dereliction of duty.

Fan Zhongyan did not hesitate, saying directly, “Today, among the immigrants, there is a young scribe by name of Zhou Haichen. I am recommending him as the Director of the Household Registration Division.”

This was a surprise to Ouyang Shuo. He originally thought that Mr. Fan would recommend his assistant Qin Shijian to serve as the new Director. If it had been Qin Shijian, he would have had no objections.

Ouyang Shuo had some knowledge about Shijian. He took the initiative to register to participate in the first political affairs class in Lianzhou College, and was one of the first to graduate with outstanding achievements.

He had been selected by Fan Zhongyan personally as his assistant, to help him deal with governmental affairs. Mr. Fan had been an excellent teacher in word and deed, and Shijian was now far more sophisticated in dealing with governmental affairs. Ouyang Shuo had long seen him as a good seed and reserve talent, having great focus on him, and had been considering adding to Shijian’s responsibilities.

He had not thought that Mr. Fan would nominate a completely new person as the candidate for the Directorship. It seemed that th

is Zhou Haichen was very special to be able to earn the administrative director’s focus on him, among all his other responsibilities.

Since he had previously committed that Mr. Fan would determine the candidates for the directorship, Ouyang Shuo would naturally not go back on his words. He smiled and said, “Okay, I will agree to this appointment. If he can get Mr. Fan’s approval, he must be a talent. In addition, we should burden Qin Shijian and Du Quan, these two young people. Hmmm, let’s see, appoint Qin Shijian as Assistant Director of Administration, and Du Quan as Assistant Director of Household Registration.”

Mr. Fan nodded and said he had no objection.



Qin Shijian was basically taking over a job from Gu Xiuwen, and so he could justifiably assist Mr. Fan in handling the duties of the Administration Department.

As for Du Quan, he had also graduated from Lianzhou College’s first political affairs crash course, and was taken in by Gu Xiuwen. Ouyang Shuo had heard from Xiuwen that he was very good. This time, Ouyang Shuo took the opportunity to give him a promotion, and provide him with a broader platform to display his talent.

Having finished discussing staff movements in the Administration Department, Mr. Fan rose to leave. The busiest person in the territory was him. Not only did he have to embark on a new era of administration, he also had to set up the Meritorious Service Division to test and register all government officials.

In accordance with Ouyang Shuo’s directives and seeing the Spring Festival approaching, it was the right opportunity to give year end evaluations to all of the staff, dividing them into four grades of excellent, good, qualified, and poor. Getting evaluated as good meant being a priority for promotion. If their evaluations were poor, they might be allowed to stay, demoted, or even directly dismissed.

Soon after Mr. Fan left, Ouyang Shuo received two messages from Bai Hua of Consonance Village and Mulan Yue of Mulan village.

He opened Bai Hua’s message first. The lovely lady first congratulated him on his promotion to township. After some courtesy lines, she euphemistically asked him to discuss the secret of upgrading to a township. She was especially interested in how to enhance her territory’s economic index.

Regarding such ‘secrets’, there was no need for him to keep it to himself. He was tolerant of this and didn’t really have anything to hide. He very simply explained Shanhai’s privatization measures, from the establishment of the village, to the development of the basic welfare system, to the price and wage levels and other steps he had taken, listing them out one by one before sending off the reply to Bai Hua.

Ouyang Shuo also hoped that her village could be promoted early, helping break the Six Handans’ monopoly on the ranking list. As for how her village should go about raising private funding, it wasn’t something he needed to worry about.

Then he opened the message from Mulan Yue. She was the only female lord among his former predecessors in the Lianzhou Basin, and he didn’t know much about her.

After all, in his last life he was an Adventurer. He only had some impression of the famous lords. He had only understood the basic situation of the Lianzhou Basin, and benefited thereby. As for the specific information on the lords, he knew nothing more.

No surprises, Mulan Yue directly proposed an alliance.

Her Mulan Village was located in the north of the Basin, next to the town of South Gate Keep, firmly stuck in the hinterlands of the Lianzhou Basin with control of the overland trade channel out of the Basin. Shanhai was located in the south of the Basin, with the sea as its main trade channel.

Who was in a better position was hard to say clearly, it could only be said that the good see good, and the wise see wisdom. For those who liked warring with other expanding lords to grow, her area was a military battleground. For those more interested in building themselves up as a great lord, the vast ocean was much more attractive.

Mulan Village was placed near South Gate Keep deliberately. This long-term strategic vision was the only thing she mentioned, but enough to earn Ouyang Shuo’s respect and goodwill.

Mulan Village and Shanhai were at the north and south ends of the Basin. Before upgrading to a Capital, their territories would not intersect. With these two territories, and only two ways out of the Basin, once they joined up the other lords in the Basin would only be able to drink a pot of bitter tea.

Upholding the principle of deal far-off and attack near, Ouyang Shuo did not intend to refuse the offer of alliance from Mulan. Perhaps the alliance would, in the territorial wars of the near future, also bring him some more surprises.

He took the Lord’s Manual from his storage bag, opened the territory column, and searched for Mulan Village, with Lord Mulan Yue. After confirming, an alliance application automatically popped up. He clicked to confirm, and a covenant popped up.

He then removed the Lord’s Seal from his storage bag, and without hesitation stamped the Covenant. At that point, Shanhai Town and Mulan Village were officially in alliance.

After the two sides had signed the covenant, Ouyang Shuo made a copy of the message he had sent to Bai Hua about privatization, and sent it to her. At the same time, he notified the Consonance players via a brief message about his alliance with Mulan Village.

Allies could be a bilateral alliance, and also a multilateral alliance. If Bai Hua and Mulan were interested, they could also form an alliance with one another.



-----------------------------------

At the same time, in the Mulan Village office, a 20-year old girl said happily, “Sister Mu, as you expected, Shanhai Town agreed to our alliance application!”

Mu Guiying fondly watched Mulan Yue, smiled and said, “As long as the lord of the Shanhai is not an arrogant person, he would naturally not refuse our alliance. After all, there will be no conflicts of interest between us in the near future.”

Mulan nodded agreement and said, “Well, he gave us much information on how to promote to a Town. Buut if we follow his directions, we will need a lot of gold coins.”

Mu Guiying shook her head and did not agree. “The privatization idea was good, but if it was just for the sake of promoting to a township, there is no need to do it so thoroughly. I think why Shanhai did it that way was because they had sufficient funds to develop such a rich basic welfare system. We can act according to the actual situation of Mulan Village, be flexible in our adjustments, and we will still be able to meet the economic index requirements.”

Mulan Yue was like a pecking chicken with the way her head was bobbing in agreement. Which was not like a village lord, but more like a little girl idol. “Hee hee, I will listen to Sister Mu’s analysis, I am at ease!”

Mu Guiying touched Mulan Yue’s small head, laughing and not saying anything.



* * *





Chapter 59




Chapter 59

Chapter 59 - Eight Extremities Fist - Bajiquan



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: RED



Having dealt with the matters of the Mulan Village alliance, Ouyang Shuo went on to the barracks. A hundred infantrymen had been recruited, and he needed to go to the barracks to get them transformed.

Coming out of the barracks afterwards, Ouyang Shuo headed over to the wall to see its progress and of the moat.

In just one day, the Construction Division had done a good job of beginning the walls of the city, arranging the workers to set up the foundation stonework. Endless streams of stone being carried on the wooden horse carts were flowing from the quarries and were being transported to the site.

The moat began at the Friendship River, through lands that would be part of the city capital in the future, and ended back into the merged stream at the canyon. The total length of the channel was 35 kilometers long, 8 meters wide for the entire distance, and 10 meters deep at its deepest. For such a huge project, even all of the basic measurements had not been completed yet.

Every day, more than half of the incoming immigrants were requisitioned directly into these two projects. Even so, , the projects would never be completed without at least a month or two.

On the way back from the building site, Ouyang Shuo heard a burst of system news.



“System Notice: Congratulations to player Qiyue Wuyi for the successful establishment of affiliated village - Beihai Village! Special reward of 200 merit points, 400 reputation points.”



Hearing the news that Beihai Village had been successfully established, Ouyang Shuo finally calmed down. Beihai Village’s further development would have to rely on the efforts of Xiuwen, it was beyond his reach.

Passing the commercial street, Ouyang Shuo happened to see the martial arts dojo there to the east. The master of the place was Master Lin Yue. His brother Lin Yi was shining bright in the army and was also becoming more and more popular, while his older brother was, as always, more low key.

For some reason, Ouyang Shuo felt the urge to watch some martial arts, and headed towards the dojo. The student outside greeted him personally in the front of the building, and hurried inside to inform the dojo president.

Having just entered the main hall, Ouyang Shuo heard a burst of martial arts shouts. Standing in the room were more than thirty students practicing punches. Lin Yue stood to the side watching, from time to time correcting the basic movements of each student. Hearing the student report that Ouyang Shuo had come to visit, he turned to tell his first disciple Wang Feng to continue supervising the practice of the students, and personally came to the reception room.



In the reception room, he saw Ouyang Shuo sitting there leisurely having some tea. He hurriedly bowed in salute. “The Lord came to visit and caught me unprepared, please forgive me!”

Ouyang Shuo put down the teacup and smiled, saying, “I was just passing by. I was thinking that ever since the dojo was established, I had never taken the time to just come and see you. Did I disturb you?”

“My Lord has come in person to my house, how can I be disturbed?” Lin Yue said back to him.

“Well then, since we are in a dojo, let’s not sit here drinking tea. Take me to the training room to see it!” Ouyang Shuo said directly, ending the greeting pleasantries.

Master Lin nodded, ushered his hand sideways and said, “My lord, please come with me.”

They left the reception room, stepping through the narrow corridor, and came to the practice hall. Junior Master Wang Feng, seeing the Master leading Ouyang Shuo in, immediately stopped the practice an

d shouted, “Stop, let us welcome the lord!” The students immediately formed a line, uniforms straight and standing ready.

Ouyang Shuo smiled and greeted them all, turned to Lin Yue and said, “Master Lin, your students, this formation, it is quite impressive.”

Master Lin modestly replied, “We are but here at the Lord’s mercy to teach some basic skills of self-defense.”

“The Master of this dojo need not have too much modesty. What punching skills are you teaching?”

“My lord, we are practicing The Eight Extremities Fist - Bajiquan1”

Ouyang Shuo was surprised, and bubbling with enthusiasm, said with admiration, “Bajiquan is extremely famous! Why not let everyone practice some, and open my eyes!”

Master Lin would naturally not decline, bowed and said, “This one would be honored!” Finished, he went to the forefront of the square of students, and began to lead all the students in practicing the Bajiquan.

In terms of appearance, the Bajiquan had good flexibility, was balanced and strong. Bajiquan was a short-range technique, with extremely aggressive hand movements. Its attacking technique included a strong stance, snapping the waist, flowing out through the fingertips, and generating a strong force.

Ouyang Shuo was awestruck, it was the first time he had seen the glory of the ancient martial arts, and he could not help but clap with enthusiasm. As Master Lin finished up the practice session, totally immersed in the atmosphere, he could not help but exclaim, “WELL DONE!”

Hearing Ouyang Shuo’s applause, the students were very excited, even Junior Master Wang Feng was showing his joy. Master Lin, of course, was as calm as always.

Seeing Ouyang Shuo so excited, Master Lin said with a smile, “If you wish to learn some martial arts, I could teach you a thing or two.”



The reason why Ouyang Shuo was so excited was because he knew now that Lin Yue’s Bajiquan was a true art, not a mock-up. He could bring to reality the practice of this precious skill!

Seeing Lin Yue taking the initiative to mention this, Ouyang Shuo was not hypocritical and said, “Well, then, I thank the master, and will repay you in the future!”

Master Lin simply nodded calmly, and then led Ouyang Shuo out of the school to a small room, bidding him to wait a moment as he went away.

Soon after, Lin Yue returned to the room, holding a book in his hand. He handed this over to Ouyang Shuo, saying, “This is the Lin handwritten version of the Bajiquan Martial Arts Manual, I now dedicate it to my Lord.”

Ouyang Shuo took the book, and subconsciously looked at its properties.



Name: Bajiquan (King-Level Martial Arts)

Practice: Brace, Steady the Dragon, Subdue the Tiger, Split Mountain Palm, Long Horse Palm, Holding the Tiger, Bear Stance, Crane Step Push

Tricks: Underworld Three Hands; Tiger Claw Climbs Mountain; Three Unstopping Doors; Tyrant Guides the Horse; Windward Thundering Palm; Left and Right Hands Open the Door; Oriole’s Double Talons

Master Blow: Cling to the Mountain

Weapons: Spear, especially the Liuhe Spear.

Evaluation: Bajiquan is a vigorous art, plain, fierce, with great bursts of force. Hits like thunder, kicks like an earthquake. As the saying goes, Tai Chi calms the world, Bai Ji stomps the universe.

Amazingly, Master Lin’s Bajiquan were a real martial art. Coincidentally, Bajiquan was a great fit with the spear, and not only did it not conflict with Ouyang Shuo’s planned practice system, it complemented it nicely.

No longer hesitant, Ouyang Shuo placed a hand on the book cover in front of him, and the system prompts sounded.

“System Notice: Congratulations to the player Qiyue Wuyi for acquiring the King-level Martial Art ‘Bajiquan’. Do you wish to practice it?”

“YES!”

A hum, in his hands the book glowed with a white light, which dove in between his eyebrows. In mere seconds, all of the information needed to practice Bajiquan poured into his mind, waiting for him to slowly digest it.

Ouyang Shuo opened his eyes and rose to give Master Lin Yue a deeply formal bow, solemnly saying, “Thank you, Master Lin!” He knew that he was probably the first martial artist to learn the full set of Bajiquan. Even Master Lin’s personal disciples probably did not have the qualifications.

Master Lin standing there, smiled and said, “About Bajiquan, not trying to boast, but I am considered quite knowledgeable. If sire is willing, I can tell you all I know.” This was the repayment to Ouyang Shuo for not being haughty.



Ouyang Shuo knew very well that getting a Bajiquan master’s guidance was incredibly valuable. It would save him a lot of time and detours. He smiled and said, “I am listening!”

Master Lin nodded, and began to explain to him the process. “Bajiquan takes the head as the center of universe, the limbs as the four directions, both front and back hands relative of each, the core gathers your spirit, your spirit channels the chi, your chi guides the force. The mighty momentum, strength, and sense from every muscle, every part of the body is a weapon. Every movement, every change, every transformation, every effect, its variety is limitless.”

“Bajiquan is famous for its violent fist force, but is also well known for the move used by masters of the style. The most well known technique is Cling to the Mountain. Practicing this technique is like using your body against a wall, up against it like a tree. The key to this technique is you hit your opponent from extremely close range, shoulder to shoulder. It would seem weak, but in fact the torsion from your waist and groin combines with the power of the body to inflict great harm and bring people down. You break down their defenses, hit them with six blows as one, use the momentum to finish them off.

“And the next thing to work on is the Rubbing Kick, the important leg law of Bajiquan. Bajiquan pays attention to steps such as Trip to the Mud, but the knee is the embodiment of this step, as it requires kicking when the attack point falls below the knee of the opponent, especially at the foot. Therefore, although the kick is not as lethal as other styles’ method of using them, it can break the opponent’s balance, using less power to clever effect and knocking them down.”

Ouyang Shuo listened eagerly to Master Lin’s explanations, and in his ear from time to time the system tones went off.



“Congratulation to player Qiyue Wuyi for getting Master Lin Yue’s instructions, Bajiquan achievement - Beginner.”

“Congratulation to player Qiyue Wuyi for getting Master Lin Yue’s instructions, Initial Comprehension, Bajiquan Trick - Close Contact Fist.”

“Congratulation to player Qiyue Wuyi for getting Master Lin Yue’s instructions, Initial Comprehension, Bajiquan Trick - The Rubbing Kick.”

……

Listening to the system prompts, Ouyang Shuo was so happy he was almost dancing. Had he known he would get such a surprising benefit, he would have gone to the dojo long ago! It was okay, however, it was still not too late to begin.

Listening to Master Lin explain things, Ouyang Shuo stayed silent until he was done, and then took his leave. Lin Yue and several of his disciples sent him off personally, escorting him to the door and watching him go.





Eight Extremities Fist - Bajiquan1 八极拳 : Ancient China martial art that features short-range explosive power strikes.



* * *





Chapter 60




Chapter 60

Chapter 60 - New Year’s Eve



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: RED



Coming out of the dojo, it was already 4 PM. Coming to the front of the public square, the construction division had already set up the newly established building for the Security Division.

Back inside the Lord’s Manor, Ouyang Shuo went to find Gu Sanniang. She was the head chef, but also a close friend to Little Sister Mu Qingsi. Gu Sanniang was basically playing the role of housekeeper for the Manor.

Speaking with Gu Sanniang, Ouyang Shuo did not put on any airs and said affectionately, “Sanniang, we have more and more room to take care of, and you also have a job to do. I can see you working hard, so I would like you to find some maidservants to help you. Also get Yingyu and Qing’er some maidservants to take care of their daily lives.”

Gu Sanniang smiled and said, “I do think it is busy, but as sire has told me this, I believe there will be a large number of people applying for a position to work in the Manor. Should I arrange maids for yourself, my lord? You are also very busy, but having someone at the side to pour tea would be good.”

Ouyang Shuo waved his hand and said, “I do not need one. You must remember, the maidservants must be kind and honest. I do not want the living area to not be peaceful.”

“Even if my lord had not said this, I would be looking for such!” Gu Sanniang answered.

“Then I am relieved, and will let you get back to work!”

Going back to his office, Ouyang Shuo picked up a book, and sat down to read. Suddenly a burst of system music burst through his thoughts.

“System tip: Congratulations to player Qiyue Wiyu. For reading continuously, your Comprehension has increased by 1!”

It was a surprise. Since the beginning of the grade 2 village, Ouyang Shuo had read a lot of ancient books. Finally his hard work had paid off, and he had finally raised his Comprehension a little bit.

He hadn’t looked at his own stats in a long time, and with a thought he did so now.

Name: Qiyue Wuyi

Title: Celebrity (Good impression on historical figures +10%)

Territory: Shanhai Town

Merit Points: 9000/12,800

Title: Third Count

Occupation: Officer (part-time)

Level: 27 (3,946,600/4,341,060)

Reputation: Well known (4300/10,000)

Body Structure: 18

Comprehension: 21

Qi: 5

Charm: 8

Command: 37

Force: 10

Intelligence: 10

Political: 37

Talent: Not Open

Power Law: Bajiquan ‘The First Glimpse of the Door’

Skills: Intermediate Collection, Basic Shipbuilding, Basic Diplomacy, Intermediate Assessment, Intermediate Weapons Proficiency, Basic Riding, Basic Marksmanship, Basic Archery

Mount: Black Tornado (gold)

Equipment: High Quality Fine Iron Spear (gold), Ring of Courage (black iron), Brutal Guardian (gold), Brutal Boots (silver), Brutal Gloves (Silver), Fine Iron Sword (silver)



Speaking of which, he was really blind to how he used his equipment. Since the last defense of the territory during the Siege of Beasts, he hadn’t fought at all, safe all day in his territory, his body was almost moldy.

Seeing the Brutal armor set, Ouyang Shuo thought about when the last time Little Mu was promoted to Master Tailor, she still had not handed over the leather drops from the boss animals from the Siege of Beasts. She was heartless, didn’t know

how to take action proactively, he could have rewarded his officers...

“Big brother, it is time to eat!” Little Mu shouted outside, appearing just when he was thinking of her.

“Little Mu, come in here a moment.”

Little Mu bounced into the office, her little mouth protesting, “Why?”

Ouyang Shuo stared at her. “I ask you, the boss level furs that were given to you, how did you not give me anything, ah?”

Little Mu was not afraid of him anymore, and said a little uncertainly, “Hee hee, Big Brother is stupid. The equipment was already done, I have been waiting for you to open your mouth.”

Ouyang Shuo smacked his forehead, reluctantly saying “So, you did not forget. Why did you not come over and tell me? This was expected to be done a week ago.”

“Well, Big Brother, do not forget, you have not yet paid the tailoring fees, how can we get the equipment to you?!” Little Ming said with plausible confidence.

This little gold-digger, how had he not seen this before, she had such a characteristic? “Did not Big Brother give you a dark gold tailor kit set? Well, what else do you want…”

“How can that be the same, the toolkit is something Big Brother promised to get me on promotion to Master. It does not mean you can ignore the tailoring fees!” She definitely had a cool mind, that wasn’t good.

Ouyang Shuo knew he was going to take a financial hit on this. “Fine, then, how much for your tailoring fees, I will give it to you now. Tomorrow, remember to bring me the equipment.”

“Hee hee, not much, just two gold coins!”

Ouyang Shuo took out two gold coins, put them into her little hands indulgently, and said, “Come, you gold miser, let’s go eat.”

Little Ming grinned as she put the gold coins into her purse, bouncing along with Ouyang Shuo behind her. She had the look of a fox that had just stepped out of the chicken house.

After dinner, Ouyang Shuo went to his bedroom in the back of the Manor, and logged off.



------------------------------------------------

In reality it was February 28, tomorrow night was New Year’s Eve. Ouyang Shuo thought he should go out and buy stuff for New Year’s today, because tomorrow would be too late. But, Bing’er wasn’t up yet. She had been really tired yesterday, today might not be the best day to take her shopping.

After going down to buy breakfast, Ouyang Shuo went into Bing’er’s room. He opened the curtains and let the light in. With the sun, Bing’er opened her eyes, whispering, “Brother is bad, I want to sleep more…”

Ouyang Shuo leaned down and squeezed her cheek, saying, “Bing’er, though it is winter vacation, you cannot sleep late every day. Last night, going to sleep early and not getting up, sleeping for a long time will hurt your head.”

Bing’er reluctantly got up, put on her cute little slippers, and went to wash up.

While eating breakfast, Ouyang Shuo mentioned to Bing’er about buying New Year’s gifts. “Baby sister, yesterday you were tired enough to fall over, today your brother is going out to buy New Year’s presents. You stay home and rest, alright?”

Upon hearing that he was going out shopping, Bing’er’s eyes lit right up, her small head shaking like a rattle. “Bing’er is not tired. Bing’er will go with brother to buy New Year’s Eve presents. Bad brother cannot let lovely Bing’er stay home!”

Nothing could be done to tame this miserable monkey. He wondered what sin he had done in his past life, there was a little sister Mu ingame and a little sister Bing’er in the real world. These two little sisters were indeed adorable, but at times bringing misery.

They walked down a street that had the traditional side shops open with a variety of dazzling new products. Both sides of the streets were covered with festive red lanterns, and there were all kinds of colorful banners...along with a thick smell of food.

New Year’s was inseparable from the word for eating, and New Year’s food accounted for a large part of it. Traditional egg powder, crispy triangles, rice cakes, fried dumplings, as well as fresh meat, honey dates, almond cakes...these were the things most able to arouse people’s memories of festival food.

People flocked to the shops on both sides of the street to buy New Year’s food.

Compared to Ouyang Shuo’s love of traditional food, Bing’er clearly liked candy. Crisp sugar cubes, fruit sugar, chocolate, jelly, lollipops, and hundreds of other candies; Bing’er looked over all of them hungrily, picking which to have. Fortunately the businesses were understanding and allowed all kinds of mixing and matching on the candy. Otherwise, Bing’er would have been sorely pressed to choose.

In addition to the finished foods, Ouyang Shuo also had to buy some food to prepare for the dinner. Oysters, shrimp, mushrooms, squid, scallops, and so on were the main ingredients. In addition, he also bought some fish maw, sea cucumbers, and some other high grade foods.

Of course, for this meal, there would also be Chinese preserved meats. In addition to the traditional sausage, things like wax duck kidney, roast duck, soy sauce, five bacons, and other foods must not be ignored.

When he was done buying all the various foods, Ouyang Shuo’s hands already held five or six bags. They weren’t finished, either. For New Years, he still had Chinese knots, zodiac dolls, and the other little things to buy.



The two of them had just come out of the grocery when they heard someone shout behind them. Ouyang Shuo turned around and saw two girls waving at him from a little ways away. After taking a look, he recognized them as his former junior high school classmates Tan Xiaoli and Meng Fei Fei.

It was really a big change after eighteen. In junior high school, they had been really slim. If not for Ouyang Shuo having such a good memory, he wouldn’t have recognized them.

Ouyang Shuo holding Bing’er’s hand, he went up and greeted the two. Tan Xiaoli was a little fat girl, with a cheerful character. Meng Fei Fei was more petite, with a shy character, just standing to the side.

“Hey, old classmate, I have not seen you for so many years, still so handsome!” Tan Xiaoli said with a smile.

Ouyang Shuo had long been out of junior high school when he was first excited about girls. “Well, I still look the same, but the two beautiful girls in front of me are even more pretty.”

Tan Xiaoli’s eyes lit up. “Oh, the then-innocent boy now knows sweet words, daring to flirt with the older sister already.” She looked at Bing’er and hesitated. “This lovely little girl. Could she be your daughter-?”

Ouyang Shuo coughed a bit. “What? This is my sister, Ouyang Bing!”

He could not blame her completely. When Bing’er was born, he was already in his third year. His fellow students did not know about his sister. Thanks to modern medicine, women were far more free to choose their childbearing age. Having a second child at 34 was very common.

“The class party has been set for first month, fourth day, will you be going?” Tan Xiaoli asked him.

“I might be going, I have not seen anyone for a long time, meeting them will be good.”

“That’s good, this street is not a place to talk, we will meet at the gathering!” Tan Xiaoli was a straight forwards person, she took Meng Fei Fei and was ready to leave.

Ouyang Shuo naturally wanted them to leave, he hadn’t finished his New Year’s shopping spree! He bid farewell to the two and the brother and sister continued their annual raiding trip for goodies.



* * *





Chapter 61




Chapter 61

Chapter 61 - Cemetery



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: RED



By the time they were done procuring New Year’s supplies, it was already 3 PM. It was a large pile of big bags. If Ouyang Shuo hadn’t been exercising recently, he doubted he would have been able to carry them back.

Once home, Bing’er immediately opened a box of chocolate, she couldn’t wait to put it in her mouth. Seeing this, Ouyang Shuo quipped, “Little sister, if you keep eating like that, you will turn yourself into a small fat girl.”

“Hmph, bad brother, lovely Bing’er will not become a little fat girl, because I have good metabolism so I wouldn’t become fat!” She was just like a proud little peacock.

Thunderstruck, Ouyang Shuo asked in astonishment, “Who taught you that? A high metabolism body that doesn’t get fat?”

“Eh?” Bing’er realized she had committed the classic big mouth error and should not have said that, hurriedly covered her mouth up with her hand. Seeing Ouyang Shuo’s harsh eyes, she finally yielded to him and whispered, “Big sister Xiaoyue said that.”

Ouyang Shuo slapped his forehead in disbelief. These two girls were really unbelievable. This Sun Xiaoyue, how could she tell such things to Bing’er, who was just a child? When she comes back after New Year’s, he was going to have to have a talk with her.

“You can only eat that one. If you eat more, then no dinner!” was Ouyang Shuo’s only compromise.

“Well, you know you are the world’s most caring brother.” She was aware that he was not really angry, and reverted immediately to her normal mood, bouncing and running to his side, where she sat down obediently.

Having such a lovely sister, what could he do? He patted her head and asked, “Well, what do you want to eat tonight?”

“I want buffalo wings!”

“Well, then, let’s eat buffalo wings.”



------------------------------------

Gaia, 1st year, February 17, Sunny. Day to bury the dead, shift the coffin. Abstain from marrying and forming alliances.

Yesterday afternoon, the cemetery had been built. Today was the auspicious day to open the burial ground. Therefore, the ashes of the two soldiers who had died were brought forth by the Administration Department.

Early in the morning, all of Shanhai’s leaders, their arms wrapped with black cloths, gathered before the ancestral hall for the burial ceremony.

The ancestral hall was set up well. The woodshop had picked the finest wood to build the coffins, and parked it in the middle of the hall. The ashes of the dead had been put into the coffin by their fellow soldiers.

Because the dead soldiers had no living relatives, the army arranged for their burial ceremony. The Cavalry 1st Platoon 2nd Squad and Cavalry 2nd Platoon 3rd Squad were responsible for carrying the coffins.

The funeral started at the ancestral hall, wound all the way through the village, and then turned to the west side of the town where the cemetery was. The cemetery was built into the edge of the territory, following the tenets of feng shui, and could be considered to be perfectly placed.

After arriving at the cemetery, they came to the location of the graves. The Director of Administration, Mr. Fan, took out the words of mourning that had been written, and looked appropriately sad as he said them.

After the burial, the ceremony was done. Although it was a little humble, it had expressed the resolve and attitude of the territory to revere their fallen soldiers. It was enough to make the soldiers and officers who were there feel very loved.

After returning from the funeral, Ouyang Shuo was naturally not in a high emotional st

ate, and went into his office. His subordinates, good at telling his mood, naturally did not disturb him at that time.

At 2 PM, there was a sudden system announcement.

“System Notice: On Feb 19 in Gaia is the traditional New Year’s Festival in China. In order to add a festive atmosphere, there will be Spring Festival activities held.

“System Announcement: The night of New Year’s, there will be a large number of animals coming from the wilderness and attacking the territories of the players. Every player’s territory will suffer the brutal assault! Those who successfully expel the attacking beasts from their territory will receive a huge reward! Lords, prepare yourselves!”



New Year‘s Festival Event system announcement, Ouyang Shuo had almost completely forgotten that such an event happened. Before his rebirth, he was an adventurer, and did not participate in the New Year Event, so he did not have much impression of it.

Adventurer players outside the city on New Year’s also had the opportunity to meet the beasts. If they could kill the animals, they would also be rewarded. However, you needed luck to meet the animals, unlike the lord players. You also needed strength, as the Boss was at least level 30, so if you were alone you were in great danger. Therefore, to participate in the beast activity you needed a powerful mercenary group.

China had not officially ranked the top ten mercenary groups. They were listed in the unofficial rankings on the forums, every capital had at least one mercenary group and among them Capital JingDu had two.

The Chinese regions held New Year’s activities every year. The real fun was when one of the Lords, Pigman, did something extraordinarily crazy. In Gaia on the third New Year’s Eve, this guy had a strange idea. When the animals hit the village, he did not kill them. Instead, he held up a contract scroll, whimsically deciding to try and take them as pets.

This world was so wonderful. The injured boss beast didn’t want to become a man’s pet, but accidentally turned into a guardian of the territory. This made lord Pigman very happy, and he praised himself for his crazy idea. For that period of beast activity, Pigman and his territory were definitely in the limelight.

The next year, there were many jealous lords who wanted to follow what the Pigman had done. Instead they received a system prompt that gaining a Guardian Beast for a territory was a unique event, and could no longer be duplicated. Those who wanted to pick up a cheap defender could only gnash their teeth.

Ouyang Shuo naturally did not want to miss this advantage. He rose immediately and headed towards the Market. It had been upgraded to intermediate, and the auction platform was unlocked. Unfortunately, the auction platform was not in official operation, he had to wait until the third month for it to enter service. That was still half a month away.

A basic contract scroll was priced at 100 gold coins, and had a greater probability of binding level 30 or lower animals. An intermediate contract scroll cost 500 gold and could bind up to level 60 creatures. The advanced contract scroll was 3,000 gold and worked on up to level 80 beasts. As for those that were level 80+, they could not be contracted.

With such an expensive price, Ouyang Shuo might be the only lord who could pay for it. Even he could only buy a basic scroll. Then, he could only pray that the beast coming did not exceed level 30. Otherwise, the contract was almost certain to fail.

Since he was at the Market, he considered what Shanhai Town was short of, and spent another 10 coins, buying a lot of lanterns, fireworks, firecrackers, couplets, peaches, and other holiday goods. He could give them to the Material Reserves Department for free, to help create a festive atmosphere.

Having bought all this, Ouyang Shuo’s storage bag was down to 250 coins. He initially wanted to save up some gold coins for the auctions. Who knew gold coins flowed away so easily, just like water.



Coming out of the market’s wooden hut, the open space in front of the cabin was filled with the festival goods he had just purchased. Ouyang Shuo only took one lantern from it and left the others on the floor.

Little Mu saw him inside the manor’s courtyard, carrying a lantern she had never seen before. “Ah, such a beautiful lantern! Brother, where did you buy it? The store in town doesn’t sell it, can you give it to me?”

Little Mu had resorted to her spoiled act, her sweet voice soft and her pair of big eyes staring pitifully at Ouyang Shuo, the whole ‘I will cry if you don’t do as I ask’ look.

Ouyang Shuo totally ignored her act and knocked on her head instead. “You want a lantern, now? Yesterday, did you not promise to bring me my equipment?”

“Ow, it hurts! Well, big brother does not know how to care for me, I am a lady! Owww…” Little Mu contrived to act very hurt as she rubbed her head, turning and saying, “Of course I brought back your things. But big brother did not think of arranging people to help, so I had to grab my apprentices to help, they are so heavy!”

Ouyang Shuo stared at her. “You also know that you are a lady? You are acting like a child everyday, not anything close to a lady. It seems that I need to have a talk with Yingyu. She needs to instruct you on acting like a lady and watch you grow up.”

Saying this, Yingyu had just walked out of the Finance Department. Hearing Ouyang Shuo’s words, she smiled and said, “Big brother need not be angry. Little Mu is still young, after all, and it is better to be young and naive and not grow up too fast.”

Little Mu having found her savior, lost her fear of Ouyang Shuo and proudly ran behind Yingyu. He grimaced and said, “Yes yes, Sister Yingyu, you are truly caring for Little Mu.”

Yingyu pulled Little Mu out from behind her, nodding agreement. She said, “You are really too naughty sometimes, no wonder big brother is angry. Go apologize to big brother.” She said this very firmly, with her eyes saying ‘Girl, you better not get big brother angry, or this will not be a good day for you.’

Little Mu went pale, and glanced a second time to make sure she understood Yingyu’s meaning, she went meekly up in front of Ouyang Shuo and said sincerely, “Big brother, Little Mu is wrong. I am willing to follow big sister and learn from her how to be a lady.”

Ouyang Shuo nodded, and quietly said in his heart, It is dumb if I believe you will, sigh, just let her be as she is. He pressed the lantern into her hands, saying, “Take it and go play.”

Little Mu took the lantern, sang out her ‘thank you’ to him, and ran smiling out the door, looking for someone to show it off to. Ouyang Shuo and Yingyu exchanged a look, shaking their heads and smiling.

“Big brother, did you go to the Market to buy the lanterns?” Yingyu asked.

Ouyang Shuo nodded. “Yes, I bought a number of New Year goods from the Market, to give to the residents of the territory. New Year is coming, it is time to relax and gather.”

“Big brother has thought it through.”

Ouyang Shuo waved his hand and turned into the Material Reserves Department Office to find Du Xiaolan. After disposing of the New Year’s goods with her, he returned to his office.



* * *





Chapter 62




Chapter 62

Chapter 62 - Review



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: RED



In his office was piled a bunch of leather armor. There were belts, bracers, and boots. Although Little Mu was usually naughty, she was very serious when it came to crafting.

Ouyang Shuo picked up the armor pieces one by one to inspect them. The buffalo hide was sewn into two leather breastplates and four belts. The wild boar boss’s hide was sewn into four sets of knee and wrist guards, while the wolf boss fur had been used to make four pairs of boots. As for the wild dog boss’s fur, it had little value, so Mu Qing had made four quivers out of it.

It was a total of 18 pieces of equipment. Except for the leather breastplates, they were all silver class. The two breastplates were gold and dark gold levels, respectively. Ouyang Shuo guessed that Little Mu had broken through to Master Tailor when she had successfully crafted this dark gold piece.



Name: Guardian Bull (Dark-gold)

Type: Leather

Weight: 3 kg

Defense: 60

Toughness: 65

Maker: Mu Qingsi (with equipment naming rights)

Evaluation: Made by senior tailor Mu Qingsi from Grade 9 buffalo boss hide. Exquisite workmanship, reasonable design, excellent protection.

At this stage, the average player had black iron equipment, and occasionally one or two pieces of silver equipment. As for gold equipment, he figured that only the leaders from top ten mercenary groups had one or two random pieces, and considered them as their top treasures.

In the entire China region, there were probably not more than five pieces of dark gold equipment, basically all monopolized by lord players. Even if he had Little Mu try her luck again, she wouldn’t necessarily be able to craft another dark gold leather. There was a lot of luck involved.

Ouyang Shuo replaced the Brutal Guardian armor on his body with this Guardian Bull dark gold armor. Then he put on the belt and greaves. As for the bracers and boots, they were silver level and he kept the Brutal set he was wearing.

The rest of the armor he prepared to give it as rewards to the infantry squadron. Because the weapons workshop had no ability to forge iron armors yet, they were still light infantry. These leathers were suitable for their use.

However, it was not the time to reward them yet. One, they were still militia being trained up, and two, he hadn’t decided who the infantry squadron captain was going to be, so he didn’t know who to reward.

Having dealt with the equipment, Ouyang Shuo stayed in the office and didn’t go out again.



-------------------------------------

The next afternoon, the low level test for meritorious services evaluation was completed and the results made ready.

In the Mayor’s office, Mr. Fan, Tian Wenjing, and Cui Yingyu, the Three Secretaries, had gathered to listen to the end of the year evaluation report.

Mr. Fan rose and saluted Ouyang Shuo. “This evaluation is mainly for the low level bureaucrats. The officers are not included as they will be evaluated by my lord yourself. As for the Security Division, that is no longer within the scope of this evaluation, nor is Beihai Village included.

“Therefore, this assessment is mainly aimed at the Agriculture Division, the Construction Division, and the Household Registration Division under the Administration Department; the Taxation Division, the Business Division and the Four Seas Bank under the Finance Department; and the Salt Pan Division, Combat Logistic Division, Resource Division, and Transportation Division of the Material Reserves Department.

“The evaluation mainly looked at two aspects,morality and ability. In the eight divisions under the three departments, plus the independent age

ncy, there are a total of 64 low level administrative staff. Excellent ratings, there were 4. There were 18 people rated as Good; 39 rated as Qualified; and 3 rated as Poor.”

After listening to Mr. Fan’s report, Ouyang Shuo’s expression was solemn. From these evaluation reports, it was easy to see that the quality of entry-level bureaucrats was generally low. More than half of them were only qualified, only four were excellent, and three were poor. It couldn’t help but make him angry. He asked, “Who was rated poorly?”

“According to the reaction of the staff, the first person, Zhao Si, was rude, often abusive, and even whips the workers.

One of the shopkeepers of the meat shop for the Resource Division, called Sun Quan, often took meat buns home, and then blamed the others for the deficit.

The last one is the granary steward for the Resource Division. He was negligent in his duty, and under his ignorant watch, the grains were polluted by rodents, causing losses of thousands of grains.” Mr. Fan was clearly prepared, as the report was very detailed.

His face gloomy, Ouyang Shuo asked, “On the merit tests of these three, what is your view on their punishments?”

“The recommended measures of the Meritorious Service Division is to withdraw them from their duties and blacklist them from any posts for life.”

Ouyang Shuo obviously did not want to let off these scum so easily, and he sternly said, “This treatment is not far enough. Take them and have them to work on the walls and moat. They will be given only three meals a day. When the walls and moat are finished, so will their punishment.”

“In addition, I will punish the secretary for Construction Zhao Dewang for two months salary, and fine the secretary of Resources Du Xiaolan for three months salary. Furthermore, I remember the meat shopkeeper was originally appointed by the former deputy secretary of Resource Division, Zhao Youfang. He will and must also be punished. Zhao Youfang will forfeit six months of his salary, and he will be taken off the list for Secretary of Combat Logistic Division, only functioning as the deputy for now.”

Ouyang Shuo’s thunderous declaration tightened the hearts of all of them. Not only did he increase the punishment for dereliction of duty, he had further made their bosses accountable!

Secretary of Material Reserves Department Tian Wenjing was also apprehensive. Of the three being dismissed, two were under the Material Reserves Department, and was also connected to a secretary. As their director, he was naturally to blame.

Tian Wenjing arose, bowed deeply, and exclaimed, “For such a flaw being under the Material Reserves Department, please blame me!”

Ouyang Shuo waved his hand. “Director Tian, you were not here when the two were appointed. I am not going to extend the punishment to you for not knowing the culprits after learning the scope of the crime. Of course, I hope that the Directors will be able to correctly implement proper rules and conduct, and this will not continue to occur.”

Tian Wenjing nodded fiercely, saying, “Thank you, my lord, for your grace. I will certainly work hard to thoroughly rectify the Material Reserves Department, I will not fail my lord’s trust!”



Ouyang Shuo looked again to Mr. Fan, asking, “Who was rated excellent?”

“The first of the four people was in the Division of Agriculture, called Sun Yannong. He was responsible for water conservancy projects. This person was hailed by the farmers as loving to lead everyone in water projects, having both ability and political integrity.

“The second person was a planner in the Construction Division called Hao Jiancheng. The reason the moat project is proceeding so smoothly is due to this person.

“The third person is at the Four Seas Bank, a clerk named Yang Yun. This person gives thoughtful and careful service.

“The fourth person is in the Salt pan Division, called Shen Zhui. He has a deep knowledge of the salt pan processes.”

Mr. Fan’s comments were refined and sharply presented.

Ouyang Shuo slowly smiled on hearing this, and said, “Well, these are excellent talents, and should be promoted. As I have said, there will be penalties, and there will be rewards. I have decided to appoint Sun Yannong Agricultural Deputy Secretary; appoint Hao Jiancheng as Assistant to the Secretary for Construction; appoint Yang Yun as Hall Manager of the Four Seas Bank; and appoint Shen Zhui as Deputy Secretary of the Salt Pan Division.”

Mr. Fan was a bit overwhelmed, hesitating for a moment, and then bit the bullet to speak up. “My lord, I admit that Sun Yannong and Shen Chun are very good, but promoting two people directly to deputy secretary, is that not a little much? Appointment as assistant Secretary is more appropriate.”

Ouyang Shuo shook his head and replied, “Since these young people are so good, they should be boldly promoted to build a broader platform for them to develop on. As for the reason why promotions are so urgent, there are other considerations. But since you have asked, I will answer your question.

“First, the salt pans. From the day it was established, it has had no one looking over it full time. First, it was me, part time, and then you; it was always some other people from a higher level holding the concurrent post. Therefore, I have decided Shen Chuan is the person to cultivate in the Division at this time. If he can pick up the banner and run with it, then I will not hesitate to promote him again.

“For the Agricultural Division, it is a huge department, in charge of many affairs. With agriculture, forestry, and animal breeding under it, it is obviously difficult for secretary Zhao Dexian to handle it alone. Therefore appointing a deputy director is necessary. Not just these divisions, but the others, if there are talented candidates, you three directors can always recommend them to me. With the continuous expansion of the territory, it is necessary to increase the territory’s efforts to train a reserve of personnel. Give the newcomers some chances to create more possibilities for the territory.”

The three chiefs nodded, accepting Ouyang Shuo’s explanation. Ouyang Shuo had taken the time to explain all that because he didn’t want them to hold some doubts. Many of the things he wanted to do had to go through them. If they didn’t communicate well, this would produce bias when it came time to implement, which he did not want to see.

After dealing with the evaluations, the atmosphere in his office became much less tense.

Cui Yingyu laughed and said, “Big Brother, this is going to change the New Year slightly. Everyone is looking forwards for the rewards for their hard work, I hope you are ready to scatter some money around.”

Ouyang Shuo smiled and said, “I will be rewarding some people. It is time to set a standard. Mr. Fan, in accordance with the secretary’s findings, each secretary is to receive 1 gold coin, each deputy director 80 silver coins, each assistant 50 silver coins. For results on the evaluations, the bureaucrats will receive 1 gold coin for an Excellent evaluation, and 30 silver for a Good evaluation. For whoever compiled the statistics in the Treasury department, come to me and collect the reward funds.”

“What about the 3 of us?” Yingyu asked.

“You? You will not use these terms as a reward for you. Rest assured that I alone have prepared a reward. As for what it is specifically, wait until tomorrow when I announce it,” Ouyang Shuo quipped.



* * *





Chapter 63




Chapter 63

Chapter 63 - New Years Eve Part 1



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Levs





After finishing the discussion about the evaluation, Ouyang Shuo did not slack around and instead made a trip to the market.

Do not look at him being so confident in front of Yingyu, in truth, he had not prepared the new year gifts for the 3 directors. As the gifts were rewards for the 3 important directors, not only couldn’t it be shabby, it also had to have class and taste.

Fan Zhongyan and Tian Wen Jing were both still okay as they were traditional civil servants and giving them the four literary treasures were suitable. The four literary treasures in China were non-woven paper, emblem ink, lake pen and Duan Yan ink slabs.

A set of these four literary treasures would naturally be expensive. The highest grade was worth several thousand golds and wasn’t something that a small lord could afford. Even the most ordinary set would cost 20 gold coins. Ouyang Shuo gritted his teeth and spent 40 gold coins on two sets.

The key gift was the one that he prepared for Yingyu. This lady had the most qualifications out of the three directors and was also his sworn sister, so naturally, his gift couldn’t be shabby.

A gift for girls would be jewelry, jade, makeup etc a few limited types. He took into account the fact that he was her brother so he couldn’t give her anything too private. In the end, Ouyang Shuo chose a light and delicate jade which was crafted from white jade, representing prosperity. Definitely, he wouldn’t forget about that little brat Qing‘er, getting a piece of jade for her and spending a total of 30 gold coins.

After he returned to the manor, General Shi and Lin Yi were waiting for him in his office, giving him a very bad feeling.

Sure enough, before he could even sit down, General Shi said out loud,"Hehe, we heard that sire had prepared year-end rewards for the civil servants, will you be giving out rewards to the warriors in the army?"

Even the usually quiet and calm Lin Yi nodded his head profusely, showing that the army had reached a consensus on this topic. Ouyang Shuo slapped his forehead, he knew that he definitely could not escape this. Luckily he had prepared for this situation and teasingly said, "Not bad, you guys know how to take the initiative. Say, what rewards do you all want?"

General Shi laughed in embarrassment, saying, "I know that the last mission to exterminate the raiders camp wasn’t done successfully and made sire disappointed. I will not ask for any rewards for myself, only some monetary reward mainly for the soldiers."

Lin Yi followed suit, "That incident, I am also to blame, so I don’t dare to request a reward from sire."

Ouyang Shuo nodded, "Not bad, you all have some self-knowledge. How about this, the 10 current sergeants and the secretary of Military Intelligence Division get 1 gold coin each. The soldiers from the cavalry and Military Intelligence Division all get 10 silver. Those soldiers from the new units get 1 silver each. Are you happy?"

General Shi and Lin Yi upon hearing his words, nodded their heads happily. This was already considered a huge reward, they did not dare to use up more of Ouyang Shuo's time and left the manor excitedly, wanting to spread the good news back at the army camp.

Ouyang Shuo calculated that this reward cost him 120 gold coins. One would never know how valuable money is until he himself is in charge of it. To be a good salary paying boss wasn’t an easy thing.

He went to the adjacent room and called for Yingyu, passing 50 gold coins to her and instructing her to give red envelopes according to the reward standards.

After settling the matter of the rewards, it was already 6 PM, Ouyang Shuo got o

ffline.



-------------------

In real life, it was already New Year’s Eve. Every house had already started hanging lanterns and pasting couplets. The lazy bug Bing Er had also woken up early to bug her brother to hang up the lanterns that they had bought the day before.

Every new year, the siblings would have an unenjoyable time. According to Chinese customs, every festivity was to enhance relations and every New Year’s Eve dinner was to represent the unity of a family.

Every New Year's Eve, the little brat would especially miss her parents. After finishing every dinner, she would just lie in her brother's arms and not speak for the entire night, making anyone who saw it heartbroken.

As the years gone by, this longing for her parents became less and less. Hiding the feelings deep down, the past two years, Bing Er started to be like other kids and show happiness.

This year, Ouyang Shuo could not see anything strange about the little brat, making him feel pleased.

After having lunch, Ouyang Shuo started to get busy for the New Year's Eve dinner. Yesterday, they brought large amounts of seafood, dried products. Some dishes, especially the stewed dishes needed to be prepared in advance. According to Chinese custom, the New Year's Eve dinner could be early but not late. In the villages, many people start preparing for the dinner straight after they finished lunch.

Bing’er entered the kitchen from time to time, saying she wanted to help her brother. But how could Ouyang Shuo be at ease when the little brat was going to create more problems by touching and looking around.

Ouyang Shuo had no choice but to chase her out of the kitchen, he smiled and said, "Baby, it's going to be New Year’s Eve soon. Go take a bath and change into the traditional dress we bought yesterday. You just dress up beautifully, the kitchen is in good hands."

Only then did Bing’er unwillingly leave the kitchen, saying like a small adult," Then I’ll leave this place to brother."

At 6 PM, dinner was started. Ouyang Shuo made a table filled with dishes. There were the traditional braised carp, stewed chicken, seafood, and abalone. Although it seemed like a waste, it added to the festive feeling, making it worth it.

Before starting dinner, the sibling started by praying at their parents’ altar. Looking at Bing’er wearing a cute Tang suit, kneeling in front of it. Ouyang Shuo calmly said, "Dad and mom, you can rest easy, Bing’er is growing healthily and becoming more sensible and cute."

After finishing the meal, Bing’er received a call from Sun Xiaoyue. She showed her new dress vainly. Seeing the two girls deep in conversation, Ouyang Shuo did not interrupt and instead walked into his room, like previous years, he prepared the red envelope and new gifts for Bing’er. This year, he brought her a special gift.

On the surface, it was a circular ball, like the Pokeball from Pokemon. In truth, it was a high AI pet which retailed for 1 million credit. Such an expensive pet, only a brother like Ouyang Shuo could bear to give.

Such an expensive price naturally had its specialty. The pet came in many different types and it had long ago went past the usual cat or dog pets. Various movies, cartoons and even pets from games could be made into real-life pets through biological printing technology.

The smart pet that Ouyang Shuo brought was made by a company known as ILAX and was a limited edition, the only one in the world.

As a high AI pet, not only could it follow its master in real life, but also appear in various virtual reality games. To ensure game balance, these type of pets had no attack power and was just an ornamental pet.

Ouyang Shuo didn’t have any thoughts, he just wanted to find a partner for Bing’er. In a year, this pet could follow and stick around her in Earth Online, it was naturally perfect.

After returning to the hall, Xiaoyue and Bing’er were almost done talking. After all, it was New Year's Eve, various greetings were incessant so there was no chance to talk for too long. Ouyang Shuo was clear about that so he said a few simple sentences to Sun Xiaoyue before hanging up the phone.

Bing’er consciously walked toward her brother, raising her hand and giggling,"I wish you good fortune, give me your red envelope!"

Ouyang Shuo rubbed her head, passing her a red envelope and saying,"I prepared a special gift for you!"

Bing’er took over the red packet and asked curiously," What gift?"

"Dang, dang, dang, dang~" Ouyang Shuo took out the summoning ball and placed it in front of Bing‘er.

The little brat took over the ball and asked curiously," What is this brother, a little ball?"

"Use your finger and press on the red button and you will find out."

Bing’er curiously pressed down onto the red button. Instantly, an elegant mechanical voice resounded," Successfully gave life to smart pet, locked to owner, summoning ball activated!"

Looking at the summoning ball open slowly, a small fist-sized butterfly fairy flew out, landing on her hand, saying clearly," Hello master!"

Barbie Mariposa, the butterfly fairy looked exactly the same as it did in the movies, unable to see any man-made elements. It looked exactly like a real biological creature, cute and special. Furthermore, to fit with Bing’er's age, Ouyang Shuo specifically chose a baby model when he ordered it. Hence, the more accurate way of calling was butterfly fairy baby.

Seeing such a small magical life form, Bing’er was delighted. She laughed," Brother, is this your gift for me? Bing’er loves it!"

"Yeah, this butterfly fairy baby can follow Bing’er. Take care of her well. Bing’er quick, give her a name!" Ouyang Shuo smiled as he said.

"En! Let's call it Xue’er, it can be a pair together with Bing’er." One couldn’t tell that the little brat had such a talent at naming things.



* * *





Chapter 64




Chapter 64

Chapter 64 - New Year’s Eve Part 2





Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun



After obtaining a gift like the butterfly fairy baby, Ouyang Bing was on cloud nine.

After which, she sat quietly beside her brother, accompanying her brother to watch the New Year’s Eve shows that have been playing for over 200 years. Xue’er sat on her shoulder, curiously staring at the television.

At 9:00 PM, Ouyang Shuo received a video call. He took up his phone to take a look, and it was actually from little auntie. As the only relative of the sibling, this little aunt had a special place in their hearts.

Little aunt was known as Lin Jing. Compared to her sister who was Ouyang Shuo's mother, she was younger by 15 years. Hence, she and Ouyang Shuo could be said to be from the same generation as she was only older than him by 6 years.

Under normal circumstances, Ouyang Shuo and the little aunt should've been very close, but it was the total opposite. It wasn’t that Ouyang Shuo didn’t want to get close to her, but she had hated men since she was born and her nephew was no exception.

It was because of such an eccentricity, since Lin Jing graduated from university, that she’d found another girl and married without getting the blessing of her family. Ouyang Shuo's grandparents did not have a son and only had these two daughters. The two elderly didn’t have good health, and after the double blow of their daughter died from a car accident and the other undergoing a same-sex marriage, in two short years both of them passed away one after the other.

As his paternal grandparents gave birth to his father late, not long after Ouyang Shuo was born, they kicked the bucket. Hence, his relationship with his maternal grandparents was very deep. This was also the reason why he drifted away from this little aunt and kept little contact. As for Bing’er who had seen the little aunt a few times, her impression of her was even more of a blur.

Hence, to receive a call from little aunt on New Year’s Eve shocked Ouyang Shuo. After picking up the call, the image of Lin Jing appeared on the screen. In truth, she looked exactly the same as his mother, inheriting the elegance and beauty of his grandmother.

Beside his aunt sat another beauty. She looked like a city strongwoman, exuding an aura of strength and confidence. Her name was Xie Siyao and she was his little aunt's partner, and was his "Aunt in Law".



After experiencing a rebirth, Ouyang Shuo cherished his loved ones even more. In his past life, because of his stubbornness, before he'd boarded the intergalactic spacecraft, he did not think about contacting his little aunt and exchange his in-game ID. 5 years in the game, he hadn’t met his aunt even once, becoming his biggest regret.

What happened in the past had already happened; one must learn to look forward. Ouyang Shuo wasn’t as cold in the past, calling Bing’er to his side and laughed,"Little Aunt, Happy New Year!"

Lin Jing was surprised by the actions of her nephew. She was already prepared for him to hang up the phone call; never did she expect for such a situation to occur. In the last life, Ouyang Shuo did hang up on her, never contacting each other ever since.

"Little Shuo, Happy New Year! The one beside you is Bing’er right? This little brat has grown up so much, she looks so much like her mother." Little aunt smiled as she said.

Only then did Bing’er remember that the woman in the video was her little aunt, immediately saying crisply, "En, Little aunt, I am Bing’er. Happy Chinese New Year!"

Hearing her master speak, the little Xue’er who was standing on her shoulder copied her and said,&quot

; Happy New Year, Happy New Year!"

Xue’er's accent caused Bing’er to laugh. Bing’er held up Xue’er on her hand like how one would when she is presenting a prize, said,"Little aunt, little aunt, this is the pet that brother gave me. Bing’er gave her a name which is Xue’er. Is it cute?"

Although this type of smart pet wasn’t very common, Lin Jing still knows of it. However, she assumed that it was a normal smart pet and didn’t pay much attention to it, laughing as she said, "Cute, just like Bing’er."

Xie Siyun who was sitting beside Lin Jing recognized that Xue’er wasn’t ordinary, a flash of amazement and surprise appearing in her eyes.



After the greetings, Lin Jing recalled the reason why she’d made the call, turning to Ouyang Shuo and saying, "Little Shuo, have you heard of a game known as Earth Online?"

Ouyang Shuo was shocked, why did little aunt raise this up, don’t tell me she knew something? This wasn’t something that was impossible, after all, after she graduated she hadn’t returned to the State of Jiao and had remained in Shang Hai where she did her university education. After marrying, she lost all contact with her family and what she’d been doing, no one knew.

On the surface, Ouyang Shuo still kept his smile, saying with no change in emotion, "Earth Online? How special is this game that it’s worth little aunt to think about during New Year’s?"

"The exact reason little aunt cannot tell you. What I can say is that I recommend you to play it. If you need money, little aunt can transfer you some." Lin Jing was very careful and added.

Ouyang Shuo nodded his head. He could practically confirm that little aunt knew some of the hidden details of the game from certain channels. He was hesitating whether or not to tell everything to her.

He thought about it long and hard, after all the attention he was receiving and the animosity from Di Chen wasn’t what he wanted to get her into. If it got exposed, the outcome would be irreversible.

Ouyang Shuo purposely said with a relaxed tone, "No need, actually I do play this game."

"Ah? You have already started playing. That’s great, what’s your ID? Little aunt has some forces of my own in the game." Lin Jing said with surprise.

Ouyang Shuo shook his head, "There's no need, I'm used to playing alone. Why not little aunt tell me your ID If there's a time when I can’t survive, I will depend on little aunt. Haha."

If Ouyang Shuo wasn’t her nephew, and that towards this nephew she hadn’t felt guilty, she would have already felt annoyed. This time, she could just bear with it, "Ok then, you are still so stubborn. Little aunt won’t force you. But remember, little aunt's ID is Snow Rose, if you have something, you must come find me."

Ouyang Shuo was shocked as the words left her mouth, "Snow-War Rose mercenary group?"

"Hmph! It’s good that you know. Let’s stop the conversation here. Bye bye!" Lin Jing's patience was already used up and she turned to Bing’er," Bing’er say bye to aunt. If I'm free I will go see you."

Bing’er obediently nodded her head and said sweetly,"Bye, little aunt."

After hanging up, Ouyang Shuo couldn’t calm himself down. He didn’t expect that his little aunt would be the vice-captain of the second-ranked mercenary group. Then Xie Siyun should be the captain, War Rose.

Fate really played a joke on him. If in his last life he didn’t hang up on little aunt, then he might have entered the game earlier. In the game, having the backing of War Rose, would he still need to wander around with Bing’er? Everything would have been very much different.

However, there were no ifs in life. This time, by accident he received such help, what kind of effect will it have on him in the game? Everything was unknown.



At the same time, between Lin Jing and Xie Siyun occurred an interesting conversation.

Seeing that Lin Jing had already hung up, the silent Xie Siyun said as if she were contemplating something, "Jing Jing, your nephew is not ordinary."

"That brat is so annoying. I originally wanted to help him, but he still dared to act cool. Saying he liked to play alone." Lin Jing was enraged.

Xie Siyun softly shook her head and smiled," You ah, you were bluffed by him and you didn’t know. Your niece's smart pet, do you know how much it costs?"

"How expensive can it be? Although it looked more exquisite, at most only 10-20 thousand!"

"You have no taste. That is the limited edition smart pet from ILAX. Its retail price is 1 million credits." Xie Siyun glanced at Lin Jing, saying calmly.

"Ah? So expensive, when did this kid get so much money? If I remembered correctly he just graduated this year!"

"That’s why I said he’s not simple. Talking back to Earth Online, how would a university graduate pay attention to such a game and be willing to spend money on a game capsule. That in itself is not ordinary. I guess he is probably a beta player like us." Xie Siyun deduced.

"Yaoyao, what you say makes sense. Hen, that brat even wants to lie to his aunt. I’m going to teach him a lesson." Lin Jing wanted to call his phone again.

Xie Siyun immediately prevented her, "Look at your nephew. he definitely isn’t a clumsy person. When he found out you were the vice-captain of Snow-War Rose mercenary group, he could stop himself from telling you his ID. It’s obvious that he isn’t as simple as a solo player. If you call back now, he definitely wouldn’t tell you the truth. The way I see it, let’s just spectate the situation quietly."

For Lin Jing to be the vice-captain of the second biggest mercenary group in China, she obviously wasn’t a simple person. After calming herself down, she agreed that what Xie Siyun said made sense and that it wasn’t the right time to ask for all the answers.

"Okay. Let’s follow what you said. Anyways, the reason for calling him has already been achieved. This can be counted as doing my duty as an auntie. What happens after this, let’s talk about it next time!" Thinking about her parents who’d passed away, Lin Jing felt down-hearted.



* * *





Chapter 65




Chapter 65

Chapter 65- New Years Eve Part 3



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Levs



The two siblings stayed up for the Chinese culture of shoushui1 until around 11, Bing'er hugged onto Xue'er and went back to her room to sleep.

Ouyang Shuo turned off the television and rushed to his room, logging into the game. Similarly, it was New Year’s Eve but it was only 11 AM in the game.

The fireworks, couplets and new year goodies he bought days ago were sent to various families by the Material Reserves Department. Glancing out, he could see that every house had hung their couplets and lanterns. Although Shanhai town was simple and crude, the new year’s spirit here was thicker than in real life.

Seeing that Ouyang Shuo had finally come online, Qing’er who was hanging up lanterns in the backyard, mischievously saying, "Big brother is so lazy, it’s the new year’s and you were still sleeping."

When the player goes offline, in the NPCs’ eyes they went back to their rooms to sleep. Against Qing’er's teasing, Ouyang Shuo had no good reply, he sulked and said, "He! Saying that to your brother, do you still want your new year's gift?"

Hearing about a gift, the eyes of the little brat shone. She didn’t care about the lantern that wasn’t hung properly and ran towards Ouyang Shuo, flattering him, "Hehe, big brother is busy with work, occasionally sleeping longer can be understood."

Ouyang Shuo shook his head, he didn’t bother to tease her, just taking out the jade from his storage bag and passed it to her. "This is the gift that big brother is giving you. Happy new year!"

Qing’er took over the jade, she was smiling so brightly that her eyes could not be seen. This led the two maidservants Siqi and Siqin who were just hired to envy her profusely.

Ouyang Shuo looked towards Yingyu's maidservant Siqin and asked, "Do you know where Yingyu is at?"

Siqin bowed straight away, saying respectfully, "She’s in the front yard distributing red envelopes!"

Ouyang Shuo nodded his head and turned around towards the front yard.

As expected, the Finance Department was distributing red envelopes and Yingyu was at a side coordinating everything.

When she saw Ouyang Shuo, Yingyu walked out and smiled,"Big brother is up so late today."

Ouyang Shuo didn’t care about her teasing and asked," How’s the distribution of red envelopes going? Is it smooth?"

"Everything is going well. The reward for the soldiers has been sent to the army camp by little sister. General Shi and Lin Yi will be in charge of distributing those. Those for the civil service are nearly finished."

"That’s good." As he said, Ouyang Shuo took out another jade piece and passed it to her, saying, "This is the gift big brother prepared for you. Happy new year!"

Yingyu received the jade, laughingly saying, "Thank you, big brother, happy new year!"

"I still need to give Mr. Fan and Mr. Tian their gifts so I won’t disturb you any further." Ouyang Shuo said goodbye and left, walking towards the Administration Department.

He gifted the two sets of four treasures to Fan Zhongyan and Tian Wenjing and had a conversation with both of them. Before he knew it, it was already the afternoon.



After lunch, Shanhai Town started getting busy preparing for the New Year's Eve dinner. As the first new year's eve in Shanhai town, under the planning of the Material Reserves Department Director Du Xiaolan, it became many times more homely.

The who

le dinner was designed as a traditional long street feast, the first table was in the meeting room in the manor, it stretched out from the yard to the commercial street all the way until the entrance of the town.

The feast started punctually at 6. At the head table sat Ouyang Shuo, Fan Zhongyan, Tian Wenjing, General Shi, Cui Yingyu, Mu Qingsi, Lin Yi and Su Ze.

In the yard, there were two tables. In each table sat the various department directors and sergeants. The square had 30 tables and the soldiers and civil servants sat there. As you went down the commercial street, there were two tables in a line and a total of 108 tables were placed where all the town folks sat.

The drinking of beer and the casual conversations took place as the feast went on till 8:30 before ending. The system still had some humanity in that it didn’t send the Nian beasts to mess things up during the dinner.

Ouyang Shuo remembered that the Nian beasts will be invading the feast and instead of drinking beer, he just drank water. After hearing his orders, all the military personnel didn’t touch any alcohol.

In his last life, there were careless lords who got drunk during the dinner and when the Nian beasts came, they couldn’t fight back and the whole village was destroyed. A once joyous occasion became a tragic event.



"System Notification: Gaia first year February 29, at 9 pm in the night, Nian beasts will descend on the wilderness. May all the lords get ready in advance!"

"System Notification: Gaia first year February 29, at 9 pm in the night, Nian beasts….."

"System Notification: Gaia first year February 29, at…..."

According to usual cases, one territory will be assigned one to two Nian beasts. A Nian beast in the first year will be level 30 on average and every year after, it will increase by 10 levels. Nian beasts will only attack the main base and not the secondary base.

Hence, if one made preparations, it normally wouldn’t cause much damage to the base. Instead, one would often get big rewards. After all, it was new year’s eve and the system didn’t want to ruin the mood. Coming up with such an event was to increase the festive spirit more.

Hearing the system notification, Ouyang Shuo signaled General Shi and Lin Yi, to bring the soldiers back to the army camp and wait for orders. He himself turned around to his room to get his weapon and got Black Tornado out from the stable, galloping out of the camp.

Walking into the camp, the soldiers were all dressed up and ready. As this was different from the usual war and fighting they were used to, they felt that they had the need to get ready beforehand. "Guys relax. The attack by the Nian Beast, we prioritize cornering them instead of killing it. Hence, everyone needs to take care of themselves, I don’t want anyone to be hurt."

"Yes, Sir!" The soldiers shouted in unison.

"Let's go!" Ouyang Suo turned the horse around and rushed out of the camp.

Ouyang Shuo took charge of the north gate with Lin Yi bringing 50 cavalries by his side. General Shi brought the newly set up infantry to the west gate. Zhao Sihu and Li Mingliang brought the remaining 50 cavalries to the north gate. The Military Intelligence Division was in charge of the communications of the three sides. They used fireworks as the signal, the moment they found the Nian beast, they would group up immediately.

At 9:10, there was still no sign of the Nian beast. Ouyang Shuo told everyone to relax and be patient.

Ten minutes later, the two Nian Beasts rushed towards the south door. They saw that the Nian beast was more than 10 feet long and was covered in light green scales. Its neck and tail had a few golden fur and its head had grown a horn. Its eyes were like bells and its teeth were sharp, its murderous look made it seem fearsome.

The two Nian beasts were one big and one small, they galloped like the wind, roaring "Nian" from time to time. These two Nian beasts should be a pair, the bigger one should be the male one and the smaller one should be a female.

Ouyang Shuo ordered Lin Yi to use the firework signal and checked the statistics of the Nian beast at the same time.

Name: Nian Beast (Spirit Beast)

Level: 40

Skills: Bloodthirst (Raise killing value 80%), Sprint (Raise attack power by 60%)

Combat Power: 80

Evaluation: Evil beast of legends, legends say at every end of the year, the Nian beast will attack the villages.



Any village that was occupied by the Nian beast would be under heavy slaughter. The horns on its head were killing weapons, after slaughtering everyone, the Nian beast will eat the heads of everyone.

He had got really lucky this time as not only did he get two Nian beasts, but their levels also exceeded the average by 10. Ouyang Shuo started to worry if the basic contract scroll would work.

Under the instructions of Lin Yi, the cavalry quickly formed a circle and ran in a clockwise direction, trapping the two Nian beasts in the middle. Before the infantry arrives, they would not engage in a close combat battle with the Nian beasts.

Being trapped and surrounded in the middle, the two Nian beasts were impatient. They kept on trying to charge to try and break the encampment. Sadly, the troops were too experienced and underwent too many wars. Every time the Nian beast moved, the trap moved too, keeping the two beasts at the exact same spot in the middle.

To increase the chance of taming them, Ouyang Shuo ordered the troops to shoot the beasts with arrows. As long as they don’t shoot the eyes or other important areas, to lower the threat and aggression of the Nian beasts.

After all, they were fierce beasts. After a length of time of pressuring the beasts, the horses of the cavalry started to tire and were not that fast anymore. There were many close calls in which the beasts nearly escaped. Thankfully at this time, General Shi's troops from the west gate and Zhao Sihu's men rushed here for backup after receiving the signal.

In the subsequent war, the infantry troops fought the beasts in front while the cavalry attacked from behind. In about 10 minutes both beasts had lost their fight and fell onto the ground.

Ouyang Shuo signaled for the troops to stop their attack and walked in front of the male beast. He took out the basic contract scroll, slowly opening it. The scroll turned into a white light and wrapped the Nian beast in it. Shortly after, a resounding notification appeared in his mind.

"System notification: Congratulations to player Qiyue Wuyi who tamed the Nian beast, the Nian beast became the protector beast of Shanhai Town, reward fame 500 points!"

Under the effect of the basic contract scroll., the male beast had completely healed up. It nodded its head towards Ouyang Shuo, showing its allegiance. It then turned its head to the female beast lying beside it, begging as it looked at its owner.

Ouyang Shuo understood his meaning, nodding his head and saying," Relax, I will heal it."

The Nian beast was a very smart beast, especially after a contract had been set, it understood everything its owner said, happily nodding its head.

Ouyang Shuo ordered Lin Yi to arrange a stretcher and bring the female beast to the hospital. As for the rest of the men, they were to return to the camp. On the way back, he took the chance to see how the statistics of the male Nian beast changed after becoming the protector beast.

Name: Nian Beast (Spirit Beast)

Allegiance: Shanhai Town protector beast

Level: 40

Skills: Bloodthirst (Raise killing value 80%), Sprint (Raise attack power by 60%)

Combat Power: 80

Specialty: Deterrence (Enhance law and order in territory by 20%), Protect (Raise defense of territory by 60%)

Evaluation: Evil beast of legends. Legends have it that it’s the offspring of an evil dragon and ink qilin. Fierce personality. As a protector beast, can stimulate qilin bloodline, can evolve.



Ouyang Shuo nodded his head with delight. It was deservedly a protector beast. Its two specialties were really useful and most importantly the super rare can be evolved into a qilin effect. Only this evolution condition wasn’t found out by Pig hero in his last life. In this life, he could only count on himself to figure out.



1shousui (守岁) : culture practiced as it is thought to add on to one's parents' longevity.



* * *





Chapter 66




Chapter 66

Chapter 66 - Sacrificial Ritual



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun



It was already 10 AM when Doctor Song finished treating the injuries of the female Nian beast. As Ouyang Shuo still had things to do in real life, he didn’t stay any longer after housing the two Nian beasts temporarily in the stables before going offline.

In reality, it was already the first day of the new year. Last night, the sounds of fireworks were incessant and had never stopped, bustling with excitement.

When Ouyang Shuo walked out of his room, Bing'er was already out of bed, playing with Xue'er in the living room. When she saw her brother, she smiled and said, "Brother is a lazy bug, Bing'er woke up earlier than you."

"Lazy bug, Lazy bug!" Xue'er that little fella copied her words.

Ouyang Shuo gave a forced smile and shook his head. These few days he had been going in and out of the game, being super busy. In the end, in the eyes of Qing’er and Bing'er, he had became a lazy bug, he really had some unspeakable trouble.

He walked into the bathroom and after washing up, he went back to the hall and smiled to Bing'er, "Baby, today I will bring you out to shop. Is it okay?"

"Great, great!" To be able to go out and play, Bing'er, that little monkey, was delighted.

"If we go out we can’t bring Xue'er, its too busy outside. It’s not safe." Ouyang Shuo explained.

"Ya? How can we do that? Bing'er doesn’t want to separate from Xue'er." The little brat seemed to feel bad.

Xue'er flew onto Bing'er's head in a very humane way and grabbed onto her hair, reluctant to leave. "No, No!"

"Then you keep Xue'er in the summoning ball. Don’t summon her out." Looking at the inseparable couple, Ouyang Shuo could only take a step back.

"En." This could be accepted as Bing'er took out the summoning ball and Xue'er obediently entered the ball.

After they left home, the siblings went towards the bustling New Year temple fair.



The New Year temple fair in State of Jiao was held around Cheng Huang Temple Zhongyou Square, Zhongshan Road, Fuxue West Street, Beijing Road, Huifu East Road Food Street, Buddha Temple and Wu Xian. Each area would have their own cultural performances and display of cultural goods, and various foods and activities were on sale.

The tourists at the market could not only see performances such as Chinese opera, acrobatics, magic, hard qigong, but also other Chinese unique skills, like Bai Mei fist, Cai Li Fu fist, Wing Chun boxing and other martial arts. Other shows like wood puppets, folk puppets, Wuhua line puppets and various puppet performances were on show.

The siblings strolled around in the crowded temple fair, going in and out of the ocean of people. A temple fair showcased all the festivities of the new year and was a place where people could eat, drink, play, have fun, shop and find entertainment.

In the end what the two foodies paid attention to most was the food street. Beijing Sweet Hulu, Tianjing Goubuli, North Korea Dagao, Changsha smelly tofu, Tianjing 18 street Mahua, Mongolian Barbecued pork, Shanghai Xiao Longbao, Old Beijing fresh pear soup, Taiwan-preserved vegetable stinky tofu, and food from various countries all could be found here.

Bing'er, that little brat, still had some heart. While she was shopping, she remembered to buy gifts for people. She used her pocket money to buy an opera mask and a clown mask for her brother. Of course, she also brought a gift for Xue'er, a mini Beijing opera dress which was exquisitely made.

Ouyang Shuo carried the clown mask, shaking his head. That little brat just wanted to tease him.



When they returned from the temple fair, it was already 6:30. Bing'er was so exhausted, she quickly showered before carrying Xue'er and going back to sleep.

Ouyang Shuo was delighted that she went to sleep early as he still had a super important event to participate in. When he hurried into his room and went online, it was just a nice 7 in the morning.

After waking in the game, he didn’t wear his usual leather clothing, but instead he wore the woven scribe dress that Qing’er had bought for him. The reason being that it was New Year’s day, Shanhai Town was about to hold their sacrificial ritual.

Before 7 in the morning, all the people in the town gathered in the square in front of the ancestral hall. Even the villagers in Shanhai Village woke up early and took a boat to come to the sacrificial ritual.

The administrative director Fan Zhongyan was the priest of the ritual while the director of Material Reserves Tian Wenjing was in charge of wine offerings. When Ouyang Shuo arrived, the ritual officially began.

The ancestral hall of Shanhai Town paid respects to the Yellow Emperor. The whole ritual included welcoming the god, laying silk, entering, the 1st offer, 2nd offer, the final offer, withdrawal, sending off the god and burning the offerings, these 9 steps. They all proceeded with strict supervision. None of the steps were carelessly done.

After the entire process, it was already 9 in the morning. After praying to Yellow Emperor, everyone moved to the Mazu temple and started a sacrificial ritual for Mazu. As the only recognised religion in Shanhai town, the ritual was grand and comparable to the one for Yellow Emperor.



After the ritual, it was already 11. Ouyang Shuo seeing that there was still time, called Gu Xiuwen and Zhou Feng, who had specially rushed back from the rituals into his office.

After they sat down, he smiled and asked, "So is everything going well in Beihai Village?"

"Thank you for sire's concern. Beihai Village is on the right track; we managed to rush to a grade 2 village before the New Year. The planning for the village followed the original plans for Shanhai Village. At the same time, to strengthen our connection with the territory, we built a harbor near the river mouth." Gu Xiuwen reported.

Ouyang Shuo nodded his head. "That’s good, the speed is really fast. What do you all plan to do now?"

"For the next step, we prepare to slow down a bit. We want to solidify our foundations and build a perfect structure." Gu Xiuwen said carefully.

Ouyang Shuo shook his head and said, "No, that’s too conservative. I plan to leave the fishermen under Beihai Village's jurisdiction. Furthermore, after the activation of the Beimu salt pan's 3rd phase expansion, Beihai Village's population count will grow exponentially. Hence, I need Beihai Village to get to a grade 3 village. And also, when Shanhai Town gets to a grade 2 town, Beihai Village needs to be a grade 1 town by then."

As he was originally the Household Registration officer, Gu Xiuwen had a good understanding of Shanhai Town's population. Hearing the plans of Ouyang Shuo, he couldn’t understand them and asked, "According to sire's arrangements, won’t moving a part of population from Shanhai Town to Beihai Village slow down the growth of Shanhai Town?"

"Shanhai Town is already levelling up fast enough, it’s time to give our opponents time to rest. I'm afraid that if we force them too hard, it might have a bad effect. It’s better to make use of this time to strengthen our foundations. As they are focusing on their main town, no one will expect that our 2nd town has already raised to a grade 1 town." Ouyang Shuo smiled as he explained.

"Apart from that, I need you to calculate. Shanhai Town's refugee adding rate is 75/day, and Beihai village's is only 14/day. Hence, its worth to risk a little of Shanhai Town's growth speed to raise the level of Beihai Village. Overall, this will be highly beneficial to the growth of our territory." Ouyang Shuo continued on.

This method of increasing population was thought of by players in the last life who had raised to grade 1 city and wanted to raise their secondary bases as quickly as possible. Now it was used by Ouyang Shuo at just a grade 1 town, which could be said as very willful.

Gu Xiuwen suddenly realised and said excitedly," Sire has thought about it well, Xiuwen is full of respect. Since its like that, when I go back, I will gather people and put all our efforts at building the basic buildings of a grade 2 village. Definitely in 1 week, we will raise to grade 3 village. We won’t let sire down."

Ouyang Shuo smiled and said," When you do things, I will naturally be at ease. How is the establishment of garrison team in Beihai Village?" This sentence was for Zhoufeng who had been quiet.



Zhoufeng nodded his head and said loudly," Sire, we followed your orders and after building the intermediate army camp, we chose 20 good soldiers from the refugees and changed them to militia. The next stage would be to raise them to the max level and change them to navies."

"Did you communicate well with the intermediate shipyard? Do you understand the building speed of the small warships?" Ouyang Shuo asked.

"Yes. Zheng, the factory manager, said that the small sized warships were already starting to be built. With their current speed, they can build 1 in 3 days, enough for the training requirements of the navies." Worthy of being recommended by Lin Yi, Zhoufeng had clear thinking and thought about the big picture, making Ouyang Shuo very pleased.

"Good, you can probably guess that the reason why I sent you to Beihai Village was not only to build a garrison team. In the future, Beihai Village will be the navy base and camp. Hence, from the start when building the village, you must work hard with this goal in mind."

"I understand, I will work hard for sire and not disappoint you." Zhoufeng replied loudly.

"Good. Seems like it was the right decision assigning you 2 to Beihai Village. With the progress of the village, I am very pleased. I hope you two can continue to work hard and create more glory." Ouyang Shuo concluded, ending the talk which wasn’t an official job reporting session but a casual talk that included job reportings.

"We won’t let sire down!" Gu Xiuwen and Zhoufeng answered unanimously.

Ouyang Shuo looked at his watch. Unknowingly, it was already 12. He laughed, "Lets go and eat lunch together."

After the meal, Gu Xiuwen and Zhoufeng immediately sat in a boat and returned to Beihai Village. With Ouyang Shuo describing everything to them and laying all the cards on the table, they were very excited for the development of Beihai Village. They were filled with expectation and were extremely motivated.



* * *





Chapter 67




Chapter 67

Chapter 67- Division of Culture and Education



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Levs



In the afternoon, Ouyang Shuo made another trip to the barracks to help the troops do a class change.

In the square of the barracks, the troops were already lined up. Ouyang Shuo directly went into the class change chamber, placing his hand on the door and activating the class change sequence.

"System notification: Congratulations player Qiyue Wuyi for activating the class change room. Intermediate barracks can change commoner into rank one militia for 10 silver. It can also change class of level 10 militia to rank 1 soldier, average class change cost of 1 gold. Please choose a class change method!"

"Class change 1st rank soldier!"

"System Notification: Class Change method confirmed, please choose number!"

"100 people!"

"System Notification: Please choose class change direction. Can choose either infantry, sailor or cavalry. The cost of which are 50 silver, 100 silver and 150 silver."

"I choose infantry."

"System Notification: Class change confirmed, deducted 50 gold from player Qiyue Wuyi."

After the 100 soldiers had finished their class change, Ouyang Shuo checked the stats of the infantry.



Name: Tie Dan

Identity: Infantry Squadron First Squad soldier

Occupation: Infantry

Level: Rank 1

Combat Power: 12

Consumption: 2 units food/day

Skill: Basic Slash

Equipment: Basic Knife, Basic Armor, Basic Shield

Evaluation: Most basic unit, if you want to use them well and better, apart from strict training, one needs better equipment.

In Earth Online, infantry could be divided into sword-shield soldier, spearman, axe-throwing soldier, javelin-thrower, long bowman and short bowman etc. There were also light and heavy infantry. When changing their class, Ouyang Shuo had chosen the basic sword-shield soldier.

As compared to cavalry, the stats of the infantry were weaker, hence their class change cost were only a third. Their combat power was 3 times less and it came primarily from the difference in equipment.

After paying the money for the class change, he only had 80 gold left in his pocket, being in a financial conundrum. It seems like the right time to ask his forces to hunt some bandits to earn some money.

He called General Shi, Lin Yi and the various sergeants into the meeting room, openly saying, "Generals, the year is already over and it’s time for us to loosen our bones. This time, the land area of our territory expanded by 100 square miles and there will definitely be new bandit camps. My orders is to find them and destroy them. I am not afraid to tell you all that the territory is having monetary problems and whether we can solve them depends on your performances."

His words made their bloods boil, especially Zhang Daniu and Zhao Sihu who were crazy fighters. Both of them had broken through to rank 8 elite soldiers on the eve of the new year and they were now only a step away from rank 9. The battle in the squadron between sergeants had already became stale and they hoped that this battle could help them break the bottleneck and rank up.

Zhang Daniu and Zhao Sihu walked out at the same time and said loudly," Sire, the mission to destroy the bandit camps you can rest easy. We promise we will complete it."

Ouyang Shuo nodded his head and said, "The morale is high, that’s good. Starting from now, you must expand your search range and search inch-by-inch, find them and immediately report to me. This time, I will lead you out by myself."

"Yes!" The generals said in unison.

Walking out of the barracks, passing the commercial street again, the various shops were open

for business. After all the game was different from real life such that there was no new years holiday.



Just as Ouyang Shuo had entered the Manor, the secretary of the Resource Division Du Xiaolan entered the office.

She respectfully said," Sire, I got something to report."

Since the last test, Du Xiaolan was punished by Ouyang Shuo for 3 months. This meeting, she seemed especially careful.

"Sire, I counted the grains in the granary and found that we had only 2000 units left. We are having a problem and need sire's help."

Ouyang Shuo patted his head, these few days he was so busy and had forgotten about buying grain. If it wasn’t for the 10s of thousands of grain gained from the bandit camps, all the grain would have been used up and the town would have been in a famine. "Relax, get some people and follow me to the market."

Ouyang Shuo left the manor and went to the Intermediate Market. He opened the trading platform and directly spent 50 gold, buying 50 thousand units of grain. This batch of grain wouldn’t last for long. When the town upgrades to a grade 2 town, he would have to purchase some more.

Ever since the upgrade to town, the problems of lack of grain had started to surface. If it wasn’t for having enough monetary resources, they would have been in a famine. After solving that problem, it was already 6 in the afternoon. Ouyang Shuo didn’t have time to see the two Nian beasts in the horse stables and just logged off.

In reality it was already the second day of the new year. Ouyang Shuo didn’t visit any friend and family or stroll around. He had already spent a day at the temple fair and was very tired. It was better to rest today and spend time with Xue'er and Bing'er to watch some cartoons.

The next day, the newly appointed secretary of the Household Registration Division walked into the office.

Ouyang Shuo asked him to sit and said, "So is the work at the Household Registration Division going fine?"

"Thank you sire for your trust. Everything is going fine." Zhou Haichen said respectfully.

"That’s good, you came over today, is it because there was any good talent?”

Zhou Haichen nodded his head, smiling, "That’s right. In the population refresh, there was a scholar called Xu Shu Da, he had worked in education. I think he’s different so I came here to report."

"Scholar? This was definitely a rare talent, you have done well. Bring Mr Fan and Xu Shuda here to my office tell them we have something to discuss."

"Yes!" Zhou Haichen had some doubts but he didn’t ask, going out straightaway to call them.

In less than 5 minutes, Fan Zhonfyan, Zhou Haichen and Xu Shuda walked into the office. The one walking in the back should be Xu Shuda, Ouyang Shuo checked his stats.



Name: Xu Shuda (Gold)

Identity: Shanhai Town Commoner

Occupation: Civil Servant (jinshi)

Loyalty: 75

Command: 20

Force: 18

Intelligence: 45

Politics: 60

Specialty: Education (Raise education progress by 15%), Enlightenment (Raise quality by 10%)

Evaluation: A scholar, strong in education. Careful personality, deep knowledge, good personality.

After looking at Xu Shu Da's stats, Ouyang Shuo was delighted. This was a typical education talent, his two specialties were very practical. For his upcoming decisions, he felt more confident.

After saying some nice words, Ouyang Shuo dove right into the topic, "As our population increases, private school, ancestral hall, Mazu Temple, Lianzhou college etc facilities have been improved. The culture and education in the territory have been increasing. In the past I’ve always wanted to set up a division purely for culture and education, however, I couldn’t find a suitable secretary. Until today I met Mr.Xu. Hence, I decided that under the Administration Department, to set up the Culture and Education Division and Mr.Xu will be the secretary."

Xu Shu Da did not expect that a short time upon coming to the town that he would be placed on such importance, "Thank you sire, I won’t disappoint you!"

System Notification: Congratulations player Qiyue Wuyi, Xu Shu Da has been placed in importance, loyalty increased by 5."

Fan Zhongyan nodded his head agreeably: "Congratulations sire, you got such a great talent. Taking this chance, I would like sire to relieve me of my position as president of Lianzhou college."

"Oh? Why are you doing that? Did I do anything wrong?"

"No no no, it’s not like that. Education affects the future of our territory, it needs to be under the charge of someone good at it. The job as secretary of the Administration Department has used up most of my energy, I am unable to help keep up with the college. Hence, I recommend Xu Shuda to take the post."

Ouyang Shuo realised his intentions and turned to Xu Shuda, "Good, since it’s like this, I will give you more responsibility. I hope that together with the professor Su Zhe, you can develop a good teaching faculty and develop our college into a structured entity."

Xu Shu Da nodded his head solemnly," Thank you sire, I will do my best."

To say the truth, the Culture and Education Division added to the power of the Administration Department. in the ancient governing system, the 5 divisions under the Administration Department were once the 6 most important divisions including the military. With the Culture and Education Division now under the Administration Department, the balance of the three departments were broken.

Actually, this was part of Ouyang Shuo’s plan. He didn’t want the future structure of the government to be like the ancient structure. Living in the modern era, he was exposed to the better and more logical governing system, with this exposure, he can modify and suit it to his Shanhai Town, hence it would not be wise to follow the ancient structure.



* * *





Chapter 68




Chapter 68

Chapter 68 - Gathering (Part 1)



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun



After settling the situation with the culture and education secretary, Ouyang Shuo was finally free. He got up, left the manor, and went towards the stables to look at the Nian beasts.

On the way there, he contemplated about how he should take care of them.It didn’t seem wise to keep them in the horse stables as it didn’t suit the image and status of the territory protectors.

Ever since they became protector beasts, the Nian beasts had weakened their edge, they weren't as fierce and scary. Rather, they had an extra aura of an auspicious beast, the Qilin bloodline in its body was also starting to be stimulated.

As it saw Ouyang Shuo, the male beast gave out a soft groan as a form of saying hi. Black Tornado in the adjacent stable wasn’t as carefree. It trembled and hid in the corner. As it looked into the eyes of its owner, it gave out a very humane and wronged look. Apparently it was scared really badly by the Nian beasts.

As Ouyang Shuo touched the horns of the Nian Beast, he smiled. "I will give you guys a place to live, I won’t wrong you." Subsequently, he walked beside Black Tornado and touched his head, petting his mount.

Returning from the horse stables, Ouyang Shuo found the Construction Division secretary Zhao Dewang and discussed on building a resting place specifically for the Nian beasts. "Zhao Dewang, where do you think we should place this?"

"Based on sire's thoughts, what requirements do you have for their home?"

"Oh let me think. It must have a huge space and good view. They can't stay in a confined space and it's better if they are set free. It must be private so they won't be disturbed. It must also be safe and can't be too far away."

Zhao Dewang nodded his head saying, "Based on your requirements, I can think of a place that fits it."

"Where?"

"Behind the Manor there is a small mountain and it only has some small and short trees. It is spacious and mysterious. Since it’s near the manor, safety is guaranteed." Zhao Dewang said confidently.

Ouyang Shuo nodded and said," That’s good, let’s set it as that. Get some men to secure the mountain. As their resting place, it’s best to put some wild rabbits and small beasts to provide food."

"I understand and will do accordingly." This small thing wasn’t too hard for him.



In the afternoon, the secretary of the Agriculture Division Zhao Dewang went into the office and reported, "Sire, the new year has just passed. As they say, 'The most important part of the year is the start.’. Does the agricultural division need to continue expanding the scale of the farmlands in preparation for the planting of crops before the Qingming festival? The current scale seems too small."

Ouyang Shuo shook his head. "The farmlands will naturally increase but not in Shanhai town."

"I don’t understand. Please tell me!"

"Shanhai Town is the main base and will be focusing on handicraft and commerce, agriculture is only a secondary business. Hence, at this stage it isn’t smart to open up more farmlands in the core areas of the town and use up city space. If not, when the town develops, we need to redevelop the farmlands." Ouyang Shuo explained.

"The logic is right but without enough farmland, how could we ensure the territory gets enough grain? Obtaining them from the market isn’t a long term solution." Zhao Dexian still couldn&rsqu

o;t understand.

"This would be solved by the secondary bases. When the town gets to grade 2, we could build a secondary village and this 2nd village will be the center of agriculture. After the setting up of that village and large-scale development of farmlands, it won’t be too late." Ouyang Shuo had already thought it out. As such, he said it calmly.

Zhao Dexian said respectfully, "Sire has thought it through, I envy you.”

He continued, "Since you have thought it out, then its fine. In this period of time, there had been no new additions to the farming population and all new people were sent to the town wall or river moat projects. After the projects are completed, all these people could be transferred to the Agriculture Division and into the new village.”

As for the arrangements of the new villagers, the Household Registration Division had worked under the order of Ouyang Shuo. On the surface it seemed unfair to the Agriculture Division. Taking the chance, Ouyang Shuo felt it was right to explain it to the secretary so that he would understand.

Speaking about the secondary village, Ouyang Shuo opened the topic, laughing. "I’m just saying, if I send you to manage the development of the second village, would you like to do so?"

Zhao Dexian was shocked, his heartbeat slowing down by half a beat. The difference between the village head and secretary was that one had control of the whole thing and the other a huge part of the main city. The difference in importance was hard to say.

However. for someone who was a village head, to be able to rule again was more tempting. The concept of a secondary village was totally different from Zhaojia Village. It could level up multiple times and it wouldn’t be long until it became a city. It couldn’t be compared to his old village.

He tried his best to not show his eagerness, calmly saying, "I’ll listen to your arrangement."

That’s good, at least he isn't too hot-headed. Ouyang Shuo nodded his head and said, "Please, this is just the first thought, just keep it in your heart. In this period of time, give chances to Sun Yannong, your vice secretary. If I send you there, he has to take over you."

Listening to the meaning in those words, he understood that sending him to build his secondary village wasn’t too far away. It seems like in this period of time he had to teach Sun Yannong, that little kid, so that he wouldn’t drop the chain.



The fourth day of the new year.

After having breakfast, Ouyang Shuo changed into casual wear and shaved himself cleanly, fixing his nails. He looked a lot more sharp and fresh.

Bing'er pouted and sat in the living room looking miffed. That little brat was sad that her brother wouldn’t bring her to the gathering. Xue'er sat on her owner's shoulder and ruffled her hair, flying around, not caring about her feelings.

Ouyang Shuo came out from the shower and saw her pouting. He shook his head and sat beside her, lifting her onto his leg. "Baby, brother is going to a student gathering, it isn’t convenient to bring you there. They are all big people and there are no small children to play with you. It will be so boring. Brother promises you that I will be back early to spend time with you."

Only then did the little brat unwillingly nod her head. "Pinky swear. Brother must come back early."

"Ok, pinky swear." Ouyang Shuo patted her head and walked out of his home.

Seeing Ouyang Shuo leave, Bing'er shifted Xue'er onto her palm and said, "Xue'er, now only you are here to accompany me."

Xue'er smiled and said, "Swing… Swing..."

When Ouyang Shuo rushed to Huifang garden and saw the sign: "State of Jiao First High School 2180 Student Gathering" at the hotel, it seemed like the class monitor had made a big preparation.

Ouyang Shuo walked into the hotel and went to the reception. There, the signing in was undertaken by the hotel staff, and they had even prepared a gift for every person.

Opening it, it was a t-shirt and a new model apple smartwatch. This Yuanping was rich, for a total of 35 people, it cost more than 200,000 to buy all of that.

Ouyang Shuo placed it on his left hand and wore the t-shirt, and under the guide of the hotel staff, walked into the hall where everyone was gathering.

Walking in, most of the students had already arrived. Yuanping stood at the door to welcome them. Seeing Ouyang Shuo, he rushed up and grabbed onto his hand. "Ouyang Shuo! So many years and you are still so handsome. I am jealous."

Ouyang Shuo smiled, "Compared to your wealth, I am nothing." He shook his left hand and said, "Thanks for this."

Yuanping's eyes gleamed, the confidence and magnanimity that Ouyang Shuo had displayed shocked him. Such gatherings, especially when everyone entered the world, was not so pure and full of warmth.

Taking this gift, there were some people who felt bad and didn’t want people to see them with the gift. Others would keep it and say words of jealousy.

Until this date, only Ouyang Shuo wore it confidently, and even thanked him for it. Yuanping could feel that Ouyang Shuo was honest and not mocking or faking it. This showed that he was confident enough to openly accept all of the gifts.

Yuanping, who was amazed, laughed and said, "Let’s go meet our old classmates. There are surely many people who you won’t recognize."

Ouyang Shuo laughed and followed him into the hall. He wasn’t surprised that Yuanping was shocked by his changes. After being reborn and the 2 months as a lord, his aura has lost that pure and naive nature. and had more of a leader's authority.



* * *





Chapter 69




Chapter 69 - Gathering part 2



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Levs



The students in the hall, upon seeing Yuanping bringing Ouyang Shuo into the hall with such zeal, they were shocked. Apart from him, the other person who had such treatment was the class flower Song Jia.

In the big hall, there were four tables. Yuan Ping led Ouyang Shuo to the first table and smilingly said, "Our handsome guy Ouyang Shuo, all of you could still recognize him right?"

Sitting in the first table, apart from the class flower, there was also Meng Fei Fei and Tan Xiaoli whom he had met while shopping for new year goodies. Upon seeing him, they smiled and greeted him.

After Yuan Ping left, Ouyang Shuo started chatting with the other classmates.

In this world, there never lacked people who made others envy. At the same table was one of them known as Zhao Qinglin. After graduating, with the help of his parents, he became an assistant of the manager at Bingfeng Corporation, the most famous real estate company in the State of Jiao. Out of all the students, he could be considered as a successful person.

Towards Yuan Ping's family background, Zhao Qinglin was really envious. He especially rushed down to join the gathering but didn’t expect that Yuanping arranged him at the first table and just left. Rather, he had treated Ouyang Shuo with so much warmth, making him jealous.

He said coldly to Ouyang Shuo," Old classmate, you are so impatient. Wearing the watch so quickly, you can’t afford to buy such electronics?"

Upon hearing his words, the whole table was quiet. Two of the school straight A students who were doing just okay now were embarrassed and hid their watches upon hearing that.

Ouyang Shuo laughed, however, he wasn’t the goody two shoes in school so upon being challenged he said," Yup I can’t afford it. Since your family background is so rich, why not learn from Yuanping and give all of us a handbrain?"

The students at the table laughed, lacking the awkwardness from before, they all looked at Zhao Qinglin to see what he would reply.

"You!" Zhao Qinglin didn’t expect Ouyang Shuo to be so shameless, admitting his lacking against him. It was true he had a good family background but that was only compared to these students, if not he would not need to rush here to get close to Yuan Ping. To ask him to take out 200 thousand credits for gifts, that was impossible.

Ouyang Shuo paid little attention to his embarrassed face, taking up the teacup and drinking casually.

Tan Xiaoli who was sitting by his left gave him a thumbs up and commended him," Wow! Is that the nerd and quiet Ouyang Shuo? You really changed our opinion. If I didn’t have a boyfriend I would chase you."

"Cough cough!" Ouyang Shuo choked on the tea. Are all the girls nowadays so open, bring up such daring topics.

"What’s with your expression, don’t tell me sister cannot fit with you? Although you are very handsome, sister has both bodies and looks okay?" Seeing Ouyang Shuo's expression, Tan Xiaoli expressed her sadness.

Ouyang Shuo raised his hand to surrender, "Student Tan, Beautiful Tan, I am wrong. Let me off this time."

"He! I’ll count it as you know the truth." Tan Xiaoli moved her eyeballs, walking to his side, "Aiyo, you don’t have a girlfriend right? Let me introduce you to Fei Fei."

Ouyang Shuo hadn’t said anything but Fei Fei who was at the side had already blushed red and grumbled, "I’m going to rip your throat."

Seeing the two women playing fools at the side, Ouyang Shuo helplessly shook his head. His eyes landed on Song Jia who was sitting opposite him. He paused for a moment before he nodded his head, greeting her.



Song Jia was like Yuan Ping, they both came from a well to do family. The Song family was top 2 in Lingnan and coupled with the fact that Song Jia was a beauty with an exquisite personality, making it hard for people to get close to her. Yuanping kept trying to chase her since the start of high school but sadly it didn’t work out.

At this student gathering, maintaining relationships was secondary, what was primary was his attempt at chasing Song Jia. Ouyang Shuo envied the determination of Yuan Ping, not giving up after 10 years.

Song Jia wore a white bead high waist dress, giving off the feeling of a goddess. Seeing Ouyang Shuo greet him, she raised her teacup. Ouyang Shuo raised his and they did a toast, it seemed like they had a tacit understanding.

This scene was seen by Zhao Qinglin and he was so jealous that he was practically going crazy. The goddess didn’t even look at him. His hatred towards Ouyang Shuo had intensified.

Not long after, all the classmates had arrived and the gathering officially began. Yuan Ping went back to the first table and sat at the head seat, his left and right being Ouyang Shuo and Song Jia.

A student gathering obviously couldn’t lack sharing and conversations. Acquaintances or not, soon everyone were drinking together and reminiscing about the past, giving a feeling of old friends reuniting.

Thanks to Yuan Ping, there were many classmates who had come over to drink with Ouyang Shuo. Some of which held good intentions while some had bad intentions. Ouyang Shuo wasn’t afraid of them because if one talked about alcohol tolerance, there was no one he was afraid of.

Of course, the brightest star was Yuan Ping and people who looked for him were endless. He was pulled around tables to drink.

"Old classmates let’s have a drink together!" The sweet voice of a girl sounded out in his ear. He turned around to see Song Jia, raising up a cup of red wine to him.

Ouyang Shuo nodded his head and poured some red wine for himself. "Ok, I’ll have a cup with our goddess." Ouyang Shuo gulped down the entire glass of wine.

What he didn’t expect was for her to finish it too, her cheeks flushing red instantly.

Ouyang Shuo remembered that when she had a toast with Yuan Ping, she had only taken small sips. He didn’t expect for her to favor him.

To speak the truth, during high school they didn’t have much interaction. One came from a rich family and had a cold personality, the other was ordinary and an introvert that didn’t talk much with others.

He couldn’t understand it but he didn’t mind. Taking the chance, he started chatting with Song Jia. After he started working closely with Fan Zhongyan, his speaking ability had improved a lot and the two of them got deep into conversation.



At that moment, Yuan Ping walked back and behind him was Zhao Qinglin. Seeing them two talking, he smiled, "I left for a while, didn’t think you two will be in such deep conversation."

Ouyang Shuo didn’t know if his words had any hidden meaning but he didn’t care. In reality, he was just a passing cloud, he laughed and said," The star of tonight, just sit and eat some food."

Ouyang Shuo tried to change the topic but someone was unhappy. Zhao Qinglin was like a clown jumping out from behind Yuanping's back sarcastically saying, "The way I see it, the toad is trying to eat some of the dove meat." The lapdog who followed Yuan Ping around jumped out to fight for his owner.

Ouyang Shuo's face darkened and just as he wanted to teach Zhao Qinglin a lesson and beat some senses into him. Song Jia had already jumped ahead and scolded out, "Some people want to be despicable I cannot prevent them. Ouyang Shuo is my friend, whoever disrespects him I will not let off."

Being scolded directly by Song Jia, Zhao Qinglin was stunned, he walked back to his seat ashamed. A pair of eyes stared at Ouyang Shuo, wanting to rip him apart.

Originally Yuanping didn’t think too much but this commotion made his face darken. Luckily he was a rich kid from an important family, so he had some manners, "We are all classmates. Come, I will drink with all of you."

Ouyang Shuo calmly picked up the beer glass and gulped it up. Although Yuan Ping had tried his best to raise the mood, it was a bit moody and awkward. An originally happy occasion was spoilt just like that.

One has to mention that Yuan Ping was a master at adapting. He took the chance to end the gathering early and say, "Fellow classmates, I have booked a suite in the ktv upstairs, let's go sing some songs."

Everyone cheered out, to be able to shout out songs when one was high was obviously a fun and good thing.

Ouyang Shuo did not expect there to be such an arrangement, and he felt embarrassed. He did not forget his promise to Bing'er to return home early and play with her. The original reason for coming was reached and he had already met the people he wanted to meet. They reminisced what they should have. Once youth once passed was like the wind, unable to recreate.

"Yuan Ping, I won’t be going to sing, there's someone waiting for me at home. Have fun guys!" Ouyang Shuo smiled as he said to the activity organizer.

Yuan Ping earnestly wished for him to leave in case he had any further dealings and relationship with Song Jia. He acted regretfully, "Ai, we could have sung a duet. Family is important and I won’t keep you. Stay safe on the way back."

Ouyang Shuo nodded his head and after saying goodbye to everyone turned and left the hall. He didn’t care about Tan Xiaoli, who said he didn’t give them face by leaving so early.



* * *





Chapter 70




Chapter 70

Chapter 70 - Crush



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun



As Ouyang Shuo left Guifang Park Hotel, he walked to the side of the road and was just about to hail a taxi. Suddenly, a red Ferrari screeched to a stop in front of him.

He raised his head to look, it was actually Song Jia. The beauty opened her lips slightly, smiling as she said, "Where are you going? I'll drop you off!"

Ouyang Shuo really couldn't understand the girl in front of him. If what had happened at the banquet table was vague, then what happened now made him certain that Song Jia had taken an interest in him. But why? When he was in high school, he was just an unappealing nerd, which part of him was worth the favor of this attractive gem?

Seeing his hesitation, Song Jia teased, "Why? Are you afraid that I'll rape you?"

Ouyang Shuo couldn't tolerate that and without saying anything, opened the door and sat in the co-driver seat. "Ha, what am I scared of? If there's rape, it will be me raping you."

Song Jia giggled. She didn’t even ask him for his address, directly revving up the sports car and diving into the busy traffic.

At that moment, the atmosphere in the car became very awkward. The two of them have not met in 5-6 years, now both being in such a confined space, all of the sudden both of them were at a loss of words.

Ouyang Shuo tilted his head, sizing up Song Jia, his eyes filled with doubt and inquiry.

Being stared at so shamelessly by Ouyang Shuo, even an elegant women like Song Jia couldn’t take it. Her face blushed red as she grumbled, "What are you looking at, you little pervert."

"I'm looking at a beauty, do you want to look together?" Ouyang Shuo continued shamelessly. He didn’t believe that he would not be able to force out her true colors.

"You have changed a lot." Song Jia didn’t bother about Ouyang Suo's teasing, saying out of the blue.

"Became more handsome?"

"Tsk, ok you smug. I've not seen you in so many years, your ability didn’t grow, but your face skin has certainly grown a lot thicker. I remember you weren’t like this last time." Song Jia covered her mouth and laughed softly.

"How was I last time? I can’t remember?" Ouyang Shuo asked curiously.

"You ah, let me think. In my impression of you during high school, you were a handsome and very quiet cute little boy. You were a little cool and didn’t like to interact with people."

"Oh please, please don’t use cute to describe a guy okay?" In the face of compliments from a beauty, truthfully, Ouyang Shuo felt a little sweet inside. However, he couldn’t show it in his words.

"Haha, during that time, you were just 13-14 years old. In my memory, you were cute!"

"Okay, I admit defeat. Say the truth, you paid so much attention to me. Was it that you had a crush on me?" Ouyang Shuo jokingly said.

"Yes, I had a crush on you that time."

"Ha?" Ouyang Shuo's eyes opened wide, his mouth agape with shock. "Stop joking, you were the school princess then, you were proud like a peacock. The guys who chased after you could form a few lines around the school track. Why would you crush on an unappealing little boy?"

Song Jia smiled slightly, "A princess will also look out for her white knight. Those guys that chased me were filled with lust, they were so annoying. Only your eyes were so clear, making me fall head over heels over you. Do you remember the valentine’s day that year when you received chocolates? That was my gift."

"Ha, I was sayi

ng, which girl would give me a gift and not leave her name?"

"Sadly, I was too reserved then and even until our graduation I did not dare to confess."

"You can still make it up now, I wouldn’t mind." Ouyang Shuo knew that a teen's first love looked like a great memory, but it could not withstand the test of time. So much time passed, what was left was a sweet memory. Hence, Ouyang Shuo dared to make such unscrupulous jokes.

"You smug kid. I won’t like a slippery tongued little pervert." Song Jia laughed.



Ouyang Shuo exaggeratingly grabbed his heart with both hands, imitating Stephen Chow's accent and saying sadly, "In the past, there was a pure love right in front of my eyes, but I didn’t cherish it. Only until I lost it did I start to regret, this is the most painful thing in the world…"

Song Jia acted in concert with him, saying emotionally, "If the heavens could give you another opportunity, what would you say to the girl?"

Ouyang Shuo turned his head and looked into Song Jia's eyes, purposely saying with deep emotion, "If the heavens gave me another opportunity, I would tell the girl, ’I love you, if I were to add an expiration date to our love, I wish it to be 10000 years!’"

Being looked at with such deep emotion, Song Jia's face blushed red. She awkwardly turned her face away, her heart beating profusely. Although she knew Ouyang Shuo was playing a fool, when the words "I love you" came out of his mouth, she couldn’t help but be touched.

If not, why would people say that the first love is the sweetest. Even after many years, that sweetness would still last and would not fade.

The atmosphere in the car became ambiguous, even catching Ouyang Shuo himself off guard. When he said those three words, he didn’t know why but his heart slowed down half a beat, making him sure he was emotionally affected.

"Cough. If it’s convenient, can you send me to White Cloud area in the Tianyuan district? I live there." Ouyang Shuo shook his head, shaking off that feeling off from his mind, instantly changing the topic.

"Oh, okay." Song Jia turned the steering wheel and passed her phone to Ouyang Shuo at the same time.

"What are you doing?"

"Save your phone number in, you are really a piece of wood." The beauty grumbled.

"Oh, okay." Ouyang Shuo took the phone, unintentionally touching the tender fingertips of Song Jia. It was like touching electricity, he quickly withdrew his hand.

After clumsily saving his number, he returned the phone to Song Jia. Their fingers naturally touched again. However, this time it appeared more natural.

In not more than half an hour, the sports car was already parked at the door of Tianyuan district. This was the first time that Ouyang Shuo felt a hatred for sports cars. Why did they have to travel so fast?

"I've arrived."

"Oh. You aren't going to invite me up?"

"Ha? Let’s forget it."

"Why? Are you keeping a mistress in your golden house?"

"How could I?"

"Hahaha. I'm just joking. Let’s keep in touch. Bye Bye."

"Bye Bye!"

Wait, that’s not right. Did she just tease me? Shouldn’t I be the one who should be saying those words? As he gazed at the disappearing sports car, Ouyang Shuo's heart was unsettled, unable to calm himself down.



When he reached home, Bing’er ran over happily, passing him his slippers. Ouyang Shuo smiled and said," Baby, today I wasn’t home, were you well-behaved?"

"Hm. Bing’er was so well-behaved."

"That’s good, come. Let brother give you a reward." Ouyang Shuo took off the smartwatch from his wrist and helped Bing’er wear it. In his eyes, the smartwatch was only suitable to be a toy for Bing’er.

At 9 PM, after coaxing Bing’er to sleep, Ouyang Shuo returned to his room and logged onto the game.

After going online, he routinely practiced an hour of spearmanship on dummies. Following which, he practiced the Bajiquan which he had just learned not long before. Now in Shanhai Village, everything was very orderly and the things that needed his attention were little to none. Taking the opportunity of such carefree times, Ouyang Shuo took out more of his time to practice martial arts.

Even if he might seem like a civil officer, placing himself in the base from the start and taking care of the operations of the base, but the truth was he still had martial arts in his bones because if not, he would not have chosen the officer class in his past life.

To be honest, which men weren’t hot-blooded and yearned to conquer the battlefield. Even if they did fall in battle and die, they would have no regrets. His current strength, compared to the basic level Lin Yi, was insufficient, not fitting of his identity as the general of the entire army. Hence, he wanted to make use of this time and train up.

At noon, Ouyang Shuo made a trip to the back mountains to take a look at the two Nian beasts who had made it their home. According to legends, the Nian beasts spent their lives at the bottom of the ocean, only coming to shore on New Year’s Eve, claiming the lives animals and humans.

Ouyang did not know whether the legend was real or not, but it was true that the Nian beasts loved to eat ocean fish. Hence, the Resource Division had to prepare 50 units of fresh ocean fish every day for the two Nian beasts. Thankfully the village was right beside the ocean. If not, feeding the two beasts would be a big problem.

Returning from the back mountains, Ouyang Suo rode Black Tornado as he brought his bow and galloped out of the town.

The wilderness in winter was a solemn picture. The wild grass was withered yellow, in the vast scenery, as Ouyang Shuo rode his horse, he felt relaxed and free. In the whole world, there existed only him.

Riding on his horse, Ouyang Shuo's mind suddenly filled with Song Jia's figure. She turned around and smiled, her youthfulness arousing his heart. For whatever reason, Sun Xiaoyue's image also appeared, causing him to feel upset. Since when did that little brat leave an impression in his mind? This was such a mess.

If there was a second person there, they could with a single glance see that Ouyang Shuo's spring had arrived.

In the five years in his past life, Ouyang Shuo did not have a proper relationship because of Bing’er. It was not that no girl chased after him, but he had rejected them. How could a person who wandered from place to place talking about falling in love?

In this life, the development of Shanhai town was smooth. Unexpectedly, a few pretty girls also entered his life, stirring up his calm heart.

He did not remember if during the student gathering in his past life, whether he had such a conversation with Song Jia. The past him was a tired man, even if he’d met Song Jia, he wouldn’t have the courage to joke around. He only remembered that after that gathering, he did not keep in contact with any classmate, including Song Jia.

What had happened in the past rushed into his mind. This did not reduce his determination as he wasn’t a person to worry needlessly. Different experiences warned him that an emperor's dominance did not have any space for slacking. The country belongs to me; beauties too belong to me.



* * *





Chapter 71




Chapter 71

Chapter 71: Water Bandits (1/3)



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Levs



Gaia, February 24, Year 1, also the fifth day of the first lunar month, Cloudy.

“System Notification: Congratulations to Di Chen for the successful establishment of the second township in China; special reward of 1000 merit points!”

“System Notification: Congratulations to Di Chen...”

“System Notification: Congratulations...”

There was a burst of system announcements happening just right after Ouyang Shuo logged in.

Ten days after Shanhai Township’s upgrade, finally, there came the second township. Di Chen, once again proved his strength, defending his name and honor as the lead position in the Six Tyrants of Handan. Even though the time of the Six Tyrants were now long gone.

Without the requirements of indexes limiting him, there would be no more obstacles for Handan Township to get to grade 2. If Di Chen were to be more radical, he could definitely chase up and before Ouyang Shuo’s Shanhai Township, upgrading his Handan Township to a grade 2 township before Ouyang Shuo.

Of course, Ouyang Shuo did not allow Di Chen to disrupt his plan for Shanhai Township, he continued his training on his marksmanship and Eight Extreme Fists as usual.

3 PM in the afternoon, Military Intelligence Commander, San Gouzi, came into the Manor, reporting of his military intelligence to Ouyang Shuo.

He reported with an excited tone “Sire, we finally found the raider’s camp!”

“Perfect! Where is it?” Ouyang Shuo, excited by the news, hastily asked.

“Heh…Sire, it is a place you would have never thought of. This time, the raider’s camp was located at the coast upstream of the Friendship River, it really did took us some time to find it.”

Ouyang Shuo’s eyes shined, “That said, they are a bunch of water bandits, what are their numbers?”

“According to my intelligence, the kiosk is around 1 square km. Well about their numbers, I have sent my men to investigate, the detailed information should come in about two days.” San Gouzi answered in a low voice, ashamed by the incompleteness of his intelligence. Reporting to a superior with incomplete intelligence, this is one of the biggest taboo in the Military Intelligence Division.

A frown crossed Ouyang Shuo’s face, without the details, he could not clearly determine the situation. Calculating just from the area of the occupied land, the kiosk could have nearly a maximum headcounts of thousands, presumably, it would be an advanced stronghold. But what puzzled him was that, with such a large number, why had the bandits not stricken Shanhai Township? With their number and strength, if they had raided him, the odds would highly favor them.

“The Military Intelligence Division had derelict in their duties. When it was first established, I had said- It is the utmost responsibility of the Military Intelligence Division to ascertain threats and its sources; prevent it from happening and prepare for what is coming. Yet none of you had detected such a large threat before this. Honestly, I am very disappointed.” Words came in a serious tone from Ouyang Shuo.

“It is all my fault sir, please punish me!”

“There will be punishments, but not now. The bandits are large in numbers, their threats to the township are big. Therefore, I need to remove them as soon as possible. However, the navy of Beihai Village is not ready yet, a battle on the water is unfavorable to us.

This is the time for your division to shine. Get me every detail of the bandits, I want to know why they did not strike us before. Otherwise, blinded by the lack of information, it would cause us nothing but our petty death.” Ouyang Shuo knew what’s more important as of now, at this moment of crisis, the help of the Military Intelligence was much needed, it was still not the time for punishment yet. San Gouzi nodded heavily, answering aloud, “Thank you, sire! For giving me, and the Military Intelligence Division a chance to atone for our sins. I promise with my life, if the results are not satisfying, I will bring my head to you!”

“I will be waiting for your good news, now go! Remember, you only have 3 days.” Ouyang Shuo gave them 3 days to do it. The investigation before might had already alerted the bandits, if they had more time to prepare themselves, then it would be even harder to win the battle, that is a risk he cannot afford.

“Yes sire!”

After San Gouzi left, Ouyang Shuo requested the 3 directors in his manor, he then made an announcement, Shanhai Township now enters Level 1 Alert State, any activities and movements outside of the township shall be reduced, and curfew would be applied during nighttime.

February 26, intelligence information about the kiosk came in one after another onto Ouyang Shuo’s table. Informants took great risk to dive through the Friendship River into the stronghold for first-hand information. The stronghold had over 900 bandits, among them 500 were combatants, right enough to form a battalion. Of the 500, There were 400 of level 25 ordinary bandits and a hundred of level 30 elite bandits.

It had 3 leaders, their head- BlackDragon, second-in-command- WaterSnake, and following by Pei DongLai, the third leader. Among the three, the most notable one would be Pei DongLai. It is said that he was a navy general, saved by BlackDragon and was brought back to the stronghold. Proficient in army training, he had then became the third leader of the bandits.

In the intelligence, the reason why the bandits took no action was revealed. It was due to an internal conflict. The infighting arose from WaterSnake’s unhappiness with Pei DongLai’s rapid promotion, it had affected his interest and benefits. He gathered the original cadre, claiming that Pei was an officer as a propaganda, and requested BlackDragon to get rid of Pei.

Yet, Pei had his own supporters too. Almost half of the bandits, amazed and subdued by Pei’s army training capability, stood firm along Pei’s side. Both sides fought and condemned each other like fire and ice, cats and dogs. BlackDragon tried his best to reconcile the conflicts and return the harmonies but it did not work. As things escalated quick, a war between the two factions seemed inevitable, what thoughts could he have on the Shanhai Township?

Having these detailed pieces of information in his hands, Ouyang Shuo was excited. Immediately he promoted the brave informant as the Military Intelligence deputy secretary, along with a reward of 5 golds.

He knew the key to eradicate the bandits lies on Pei. But how? It is another problem he needs to figure out. At this moment, he realized the importance and the need of a strategist.

Without any second choice, he summoned Fan to his manor, he would like to listen to Fan’s opinion. After all, Fan did lead an army to the war before.

Briefly, he told Fan about the stronghold and the information they had. “Is there any good plans in mind Director Fan?” Ouyang Shuo asked.

Fan pondered for a moment, “Pei comes from a military background, it is not a surprise at all he and the bandits did not get along. Shanhai Township is an official territory acknowledged by the government, same line as the navy officer. If I am Pei, I would choose Shanhai over the bandits. As such, my lord can send a man to Pei, show him that we are the only righteous path. Have him inspire a defection from the inside and we will attack from the outside, the bandits will be eradicated in no time.”

Ouyang Shuo shook his head “I am afraid it will not be that easy, BlackDragon saved Pei’s life, he would not easily betray his savior. From the infight one can tell, the reason Pei is able to stand firm was due to BlackDragon’s support from the back. Thus, it is not easy to have him turning his back on his savior, at least, not in the near future. ”

Fan gave a mysterious smile, confidently he spoke “My lord speaks of the truth, however, what if the letters between Pei and us were fallen into BlackDragon’s hands? His skeptic personality would have determined that he will not trust Pei anymore. Therefore, we have met our goal, only if Pei joined us had he a chance to live.”

Honestly, Fan’s plan really tempted Ouyang Shuo for a moment. However, as soon as he thought about it,. he had to give it up, “Indeed it is truly a brilliant plan, however, if we followed this plan. Pei may be forced to stand on our side, but he will never be one of us, not when he is unwilling to. This is definitely not something I am happy to see. I am sure you know the importance of a navy general to Shanhai Township.”

Fan smiled and said “My lord thinks ahead of us, you have grasped the king’s way. If this is the case, if my lord desires the best of both worlds, then there is only one way to do it.”

“How?”

“Instigate their relationship, between WaterSnake and BlackDragon. WaterSnake leads the senior cadre in the stronghold, they are unhappy of BlackDragon’s favor over Pei. Find just the right timing, and make them both turn against each other. When the snipe and clam grapple, Shanhai Township can watch the fight behind the ramparts, and be the fisherman that profits.

Ouyang Shuo nodded his head excitedly, “You must have a good plan in mind, please show me how!”

“My lord you only need to send a trusted and skillful spy, sneak into the stronghold and spread the words. Say, WaterSnake is about to riot, and replace BlackDragon in his position as their mighty leader. Ensure the words reach to the skeptical BlackDragon, plus these days such news are really sensitive to them. Even if he finds the news abnormal, he will still choose to exterminate WaterSnake. Naturally, WaterSnake will not stand still and do nothing, the battle between the two is inevitable.” Fan calmly analyzed the situation.

“Furthermore, to ensure the plan goes smoothly, there are two more things needed to be done. One- Disable Shanhai Township’s state of alert. So the bandits can let their guards down and cast us aside, only focusing on the battle that is about to come. Two- Continue our contacts with Pei, show him our sincerity and goodwill, in that case, he will most probably stay out of the infight. Thus weakening BlackDragon’s strength, keeping the balance between WaterSnake and BlackDragon.” Fan continued on with two more measures, one inside and one outside, making the plan seamless.

Shou clapped his hands, and praised Fan for his excellent plan. “Your plan is brilliant and excellent, the stronghold will be eliminated in no time! There is another thing I will need you to do, the letter to solicit Pei.”

“It is my obligation to write it!”

After Fan left the manor, Ouyang Shuo summoned San Gouzi and the new Deputy Commander Leng Qian. He briefed them about the plan, “It lies upon the Military Intelligence Division to make the plan work. Selection for the spy must be of strict rules- Reliable and flexible-minded.

San Gouzi and Leng Qian looked at each other and nodded.

Leng Qian stood up and said, “I will personally sneak in myself, and will not disappoint you, my lord!”

“Then, I rest assured!” Ouyang Shuo nodded his head.



* * *





Chapter 72




Chapter 72: Water Bandits (2/3)

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

February 27, Leng Qian, with the letter to solicit Pei, sneaked into the stronghold.

Walking down the street, Leng Qian randomly pulled a bandit over to the side, ready to spread the rumors.

“Brother, have you heard of it? ” Mysteriously he asked the bandit.

“Heard of what?” The bandit was puzzled by the random question.

“Of what? Don’t you know yet? My cousin brother’s fourth aunt’s nephew works under the second leader, and he happened to tell me a big secret- Our second leader, Watersnake is about to do something big!” He acted surprised as though the bandit did not know anything.

“What is it? Tell me quick brother, what is the second leader planning to do?” As expected, it is human nature being gossipy, that includes everyone from the past, in the future, male, female, young and old.

“I can secretly tell you, but don’t spread it out, keep it to yourself! My cousin brother’s fourth aunt’ nephew will be punished!” Leng Qian continued on the acting. Only the rare and undisclosed news were more easily trusted.

“Alright, alright, I promise, I won’t tell anyone else. Now tell me quick!”

Leng Qian looked around, making sure no one was eavesdropping the conversation. He lowered his voice and said “I tell you, the 2nd leader is sick of the great leader sheltering the 3rd leader under his wings. Watersnake will have an insurrection, and be the great leader himself.”

“Ah? Is it true or not? He has the guts do it?”

“Heh, it is your choice to believe or not. Our second leader is dauntless, what fear does he have? You remember last year when he led an attack on the armies?” Obviously, Leng Qian had done his homework, else he wouldn’t know about the event.

“You are right. Ay, if that is the case, pawns like us will have to suffer again.”

“Sigh, what else can we do… I am only telling you this because I don’t find you annoying. We should prepare ourselves. Otherwise, we might be sacrificed unknowingly.” Leng Qian answered in a flurry tone.

“Yes, yes, indeed. Thank you brother, for telling me. I promise I will not tell anyone.”

“Good, remember! Don’t tell anyone!” Dramatically Leng Qian emphasized again telling him not to tell the secret to the others.

Just right after Leng Qian left his sight, he immediately told his second uncle’s third son, after he finished telling the secret, he stressed the importance of keeping the words as a secret.

Then his uncle’s third son continued on telling the secret to his neighbor Uncle Wang’s second son, and so the so-called “secret” spread over the whole camp within half a day. The whole stronghold was talking about it, people would gather around, whispering mysteriously, and in the end, adding a sentence asking the others not to spread the words.

It was already 11 AM when Blackdragon received the rumors. Two hours had passed since Leng Qian had created the rumors. Stronghold, Hall of Brotherhood, Blackdragon sat in the main seat, he had a somber, deep cold voice “Brother, brother… In the end, you still wanted to take the final step.”

In the Hall of Brotherhood, right below Blackdragon was his trusted strategist, puzzled by the strange news, he questioned its truth, “My great leader, this is strange… If, I mean if, the second leader is really going to do it, how would he allow the information to be leaked? This doesn’t make much sense.”

Blackdragon’s face turned darker, he asked, “Your words, you mean… there is someone behind all of this? Someone spreading fake news, stirring up the water and our relationship?”

“It is all merely my conjecture. But we still need to prepare ourselves, preventions are still needed.”

“Who? Who holds this motive?” Blackdragon questioned further.

His strategist’s face stagnant for a moment, reluctant to answer.

Blackdragon waved his hand, impatiently asking for his answer, “Speak whatever is in your head, there is no need to pull back. What’s more to avoid from at this point in time?”

“Then, I shall be bold and straightforward. In my opinion, it is the 3rd leader, he is the biggest suspect.”

“What? You speak of Donglai? How can it be possible?” Blackdragon was certainly surprised by the answer.

Since he had been bold and therefore there was no need to hesitate anymore. “Yes, my great leader, think about it, if you and 2nd leader raged a war. Who would benefit from it?”

“Would it be the Shanhai Town from the east? If we have an infight, they will benefit largely from it, no doubt they have such motives.”

Strategist nodded his head, and confidently he said, “I have thought so too, thinking it might be Shanhai Town. But according to our scouts, Shanhai Town had no movements, everything was as usual. They could still be immersed in the New Year’s celebration atmosphere. They probably are not even aware of our existence.”

Blackdragon was not convinced. He still has his trust in Pei Donglai. He stood up and walked around the hall, frowned, trying to see clearly past the thick fog and grasp the truth.

“You think, would this be just a slapstick farce by my 2nd brother. Trying to crush my trust in Donglai, so then he could have benefited from it.”

Blackdragon’s words struck his strategist's heart, the strategist paused and run the possibilities through his mind, It is highly possible. The 2nd leader gave himself the name of Watersnake, all because he admired Blackdragon’s cold-bloodedness and slyness. This whole plot seems much like his style of doing.

As his strategist stayed silent, Blackdragon knew exactly what was in his heart. It seemed like he had hit the jackpot. With a cold emotionless voice, he said, “Brother, brother… what a conscienceless man you are. In that case, don’t curse me for being ruthless. Give my orders. Send the men over and capture Watersnake, dead or alive. I want his body.”

“Yes, sir!” His strategist dared not stay longer. He left right after to gather the men.

As the main camp of the stronghold, the Hall of Brotherhood stationed a squadron of bandits. 70 ordinary bandits and another 30 elites were there, patrolling and guarding the Hall of Brotherhood, directly under Blackdragon’s command.

However, just when Blackdragon was discussing in the Hall of Brotherhood, Watersnake had already taken the first move. He understood too well his elder brother, whether or not the rumors were true, there wouldn’t have a place for him anymore in this home. Then why not seize the opportunity and risk it all?

As the 2nd leader of the raiders, Watersnake commanded 2 squadrons, 200 men including 60 elites, and 140 ordinary bandits. They were usually stationed in the stronghold. Watersnake sent his trusted subordinate to organize them out of the barracks by batches, and gather them in his courtyard.

11.30am

Watersnake and his troops, from his courtyard, went straight over to the Hall of Brotherhood, the great number of his forces triggered a wave of fear and uneasiness among the other non-combatants. The rumor, what they had said this morning, was now really happening.

Once Blackdragon knew of it, he sent a messenger to seek help from the barracks from the back door, while he personally rushed to the front gate. The two factions that fought together before were now confronting each other. With a mixture of a sneer and smile, Blackdragon opened his mouth, “Brother, it was true you had the intention to replace me. Why so, wanting to replace me in place so fast?”

Watersnake replied the same facial gestures, “Aren’t you the same, brother? Since you have lost trust in me. Then this younger brother of yours can only say sorry to you too.”

Seeing that things were turning sour, Blackdragon took a step back. “Brother, dismiss your troops. I promise I will not pursue your wrong acts.”

Right at this moment, one of Watersnake’s subordinate came beside him and lowered his voice, “Leader, I think he is trying to drag the time. We should attack now, otherwise the longer we wait, the more the uncertainties.”

Watersnake nodded his head, “There is no need to pretend anymore brother. Everyone, ATTACK!”

Comparing the strength of both sides, Watersnake’s troops were twice the size of Blackdragon’s, clearly outnumbering him. Yet, Blackdragon’s forces were able to hold their grounds relying on the Hall of Brotherhood’s defense infrastructure, such as the sentries and fences.

While on the other side of the stronghold, Military Intelligence Division Deputy Secretary Leng Qian went straight to Pei Donglai’s courtyard after spreading the rumors.

According to his normal routine, Pei Donglai would only be in the barracks in the afternoon. He would usually stay in his courtyard in the morning. After all, there was a huge difference between bandits and the armies. There were no habits of morning drills, and most of them had rather a lax discipline. This was also the main reason why Watersnake was able to get his troops out of the barracks smoothly, else it would have alerted Pei Donglai.

Coming in as an outsider, Pei Donglai had no one in the stronghold and only had three or four servants in the courtyard. Leng Qian was able to sneak in without any troubles to Pei’s study room before alerting Pei.

“Who is it?” Pei questioned vigilantly the identity of the intruder.

“Greetings General Pei, I am a messenger from Shanhai Town, I bring the greetings from my lord to you.”

The study room went dead silent for five or six minutes before Pei invited Leng Qian in.

“Come in!”

Leng Qian exhaled in relief, and walked into the room, before that he was ready to make an escape. In the middle of the room sat an officer, holding an art of war book. His eyes, cold as frost ice, “How brave of you, daring to infiltrate the stronghold, and walking into my courtyard.”

Leng Qian answered in a calm manner, “I do not deserve such high praise from you general, please forgive me for this uninformed visit. My lord appreciates talents, and he had heard of your existence, thus he had sent me to pay you a visit.” He answered while taking out the letter wrote by Fan Zhongyan and handed it to Pei Donglai.

Pei Donglai opened the letter and took a glance, his rapidly changing facial expression could not be described and paused for a moment before he replied, “Your lord’s goodwill, I have received. But I am indebted to Blackdragon, for he had saved my life, and I had sworn I would not betray him. You may leave now. I will not hold you back.”

Leng Qian nodded his head, understanding Pei Donglai’s inner conflict between the one that saved his life and the one that appreciated his talents. It was truly a hard decision to make. But in the end, he chose to repay his debt to his savior and gave up his ambition. Such an honorable man.



* * *





Chapter 73




Chapter 73: Water Bandits (3/3)

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Levs

Leng Qian left the Pei courtyard but stayed in the stronghold. He will be watching in the shadows, and report to his lord the current situations of the stronghold.

Back to the Hall of Brotherhood, under Watersnake’s encouragement, Blackdragon’s forces were losing their grounds and were at the edge of losing it all completely. Blackdragon was furious and scolded out his anger, “Goddammit, how is the reinforcement not here yet.”

“It is still in the morning, the third leader will not be in the barracks, we still have to wait.” His strategist cautiously said from the side.

“Shit, if we keep on waiting, they will only be here to collect our dead bodies.”

And just as Blackdragon had said, before his reinforcement could arrive, Watersnake had already broken through into the Hall of Brotherhood. Blackdragon and his remaining troops were surrounded. The victorious Watersnake, proudly and complacently said, “How is that, brother. Kneel before me, and kowtow to me. Acknowledge me as your elder brother, your leader, and I will spare your life.”

Blackdragon was a man with his own pride, how could he withstand such an embarrassment and humiliation, “Pui! You can kill me or do anything you like, but you want me to kowtow to you? Keep on dreaming!”

“I offered you a wine of mercy and yet you chose a wine of punishment, then don’t blame me for being ruthless!” Watersnake, angered by the answer, had a twisted face and somber tone, he then gave the killing order, “Kill him!”

Under the rain of arrows, Blackdragon died, and following his death, the rest of his troops surrendered.

The battle of the Hall of Brotherhood, the stationed squadron had 32 casualties, 68 surrendered, while Watersnake’s 2 squadrons had 58 casualties, 12 seriously injured, and the rest 130 were still combative. Including 45 elite raiders, most of his troops were still well preserved.

At this time, Pei Donglai had led 2 squadrons of reinforcements to the Hall of Brotherhood.

But it was too late, Watersnake had his men gathered at the front door, he said loudly to the reinforcements, “Brothers, the once mighty leader is now gone. From now on, I am the new leader in this stronghold, you all have to think wisely, Do you want to follow my lead, or follow an outsider like Pei Donglai?”

Pei Donglai brought 200 men along with him, but there were only 10 elites among them. Even if the reinforcement had a slight advantage in numbers, but they were equal in strengths, moreover, Watersnake had the geographical advantage.

As soon as Pei Donglai heard of Blackdragon’s death news, he shouted in great sadness, “Brothers! Watersnake is a rebel, a traitor, he ambushed the Hall of Brotherhood, killed the mighty leader, such a man of dishonor must be killed by everyone!”

Sadly, not everyone was a man of honor like himself. Most of the bandits had decided to side with Watersnake, over 50 of them had joined forces with him and only Pei Donglai’s loyal troops were left.

Watersnake laughed out loud, “It seems like they support me more. Pei Donglai, you outsider brat, leave now when you can, I spare you your life.” The truth was he did not want to start another war with Pei Donglai to avoid any more casualties. He had claimed himself as the leader, of course, he was unwilling to suffer any more losses.

“Kill them!” Pei Donglai’s loyal troops were all remarkable and brave.

Watersnake smiled with a sneer, “Hmph, you just don't know when to accept a person’s nice offer. Brothers, engage!”

With the 50 additional bandits, Watersnake thought he had the victory with him, he gave up his geographical advantage and led his troop out of the Hall of Brotherhood, directly engaging Pei outside out the hall.

Not far away from the battlefield, Leng Qian witnessed the war and had decided it was the appropriate timing. Quietly, he walked to a secluded corner, pulled the trigger and sent out the attack signal, then he immediately rushed to the stronghold’s main gate.

Right outside the stronghold, were Ouyang Shuo and his squadrons, who shadowed themselves in the woods, waiting for the signal.

While they were waiting patiently, Ouyang Shuo pulled General Shi aside, and gave him an order, “General Shi, I am giving you a secret mission.”

“Yes my lord!”

“When we attack later, no matter what the situation is, your first priority- Exterminate their mighty leader. Blackdragon is an evil man, yet he had saved Pei Donglai before. In order to avoid any unforeseen events, it is better to quickly kill him.”

“Rest assured my lord, I promise he will not live longer than today.”

Ouyang Shuo nodded his head and returned back to the command post. Little did he know, the Blackdragon he was concerned of was already dead by Watersnake’s hands. Just within 10 minutes, he saw Leng Qian’s signal.

Ouyang Shuo was startled, and immediately mounted his horse, with a low deep tone, he said, “Depart!” The infantry squadron in the front and the cavalry at the back, they moved towards the stronghold.

The stationed guards and patrols were stunned as the vast and mighty armies appeared before their eyes. They had little or only a few guards on the post, most of the combatants were caught in the battle of the three leaders, how on earth should they withhold the Shanhai military?

It took a little effort to capture the main gate. Leng Qian came rushing from the side, he said excitedly, “Greetings to my lord.”

Ouyang Shuo nodded his head, and he quickly said, “What is the situation in the stronghold?”

“My lord, everything was going as expected. Watersnake occupied Hall of Brotherhood and killed Blackdragon. Pei Donglai and his men are raging a war with Watersnake, attempting to avenge Blackdragon’s death.” Leng Qian quickly summarized the situation.

Ouyang Shuo exhaled in relief when he heard that Blackdragon had died, “Good, snipe and clam fights, the fisherman gets both, let’s go!” This time, the infantry and cavalry squad switched position.

When the military reached the Hall of Brotherhood, the bandits were all shocked, no one had seen it coming. Watersnake, realizing the situations were getting worse, he decisively shouted, “Brothers, enemies had intruded us, let us stop and defend ourselves together!”

The bandits, covered in a blood rage and excited by Watersnake’s words, shouted fearlessly. Only Pei Donglai was shocked and suspicious, he never thought the Shanhai troops were waiting outside the stronghold. That said, whatever happened today were all under Shanhai Lord’s control and watch.

Ouyang Shuo said with a sneer, “ Surrender and you will be spared, Resist and you will be killed!”

“Ptooey! Brothers, follow me and fight!” Watersnake shouted a war cry and charged forward.

Seeing that a war is inevitable, Ouyang Shuo’s blood boiled in excitement, he too, shouted a war cry, “Charge!” Captain Lin Yi led his Cavalry Squadron, following Shuo’s footstep, and shouted: “Protect the Lord!”

From the moment Watersnake decided to resist, the outcome had already been decided. They were, after all, water bandits, a land warfare was not their main battlefield, and was also fatigued due to the three leaders battles. Whereas the Shanhai military was ready, energetic and were troops of land warfare, how could the bandits match the Shanhai military?

Ouyang Shuo and Lin Yi fought in the front line, serving as the spearhead, the whole cavalry squadron was like sharp knives, piercing through and splitting the bandits into two parts. Following their back was the sword-shield infantry squadron, reaping the bandits like crops.

The bandit formation was broken into pieces, the bandits regained their consciousness and fear swept through all of them. Ouyang Shuo seizes the opportunity and shouted again, “Surrender and you will live, resist and you die!”

“Surrender and you will live, resist and you die!” His troops repeated after him.

Krang…. Finally, someone couldn’t withstand the pressure, threw his weapon and surrendered. It was like a contagious disease, once the first one surrendered, the rest followed.

As for the one-day mighty leader Watersnake, he had already been shot dead by General Shi’s arrow. Blackdragon was dead, and now Watersnake died in his hands, General Shi considered himself to have adequately accomplished his lord’s secret mission.

“Hahaha~~~I am now a Rank 9 Elite~~ Wahahaha~~” An inappropriate laughter was heard from the cavalry squadron.

Ouyang Shuo turned his head, only to see the cavalry sergeant Zhao Sihu was laughing out loud, and Zhang Daniu, at the side, was jealously staring at him. Who knew that Zhao Sihu managed to level his rank faster than Zhang Daniu, achieving Rank 9 earlier.

Ouyang Shuo summoned the two, he said while laughing, “Nice, finally there is a result. Zhao Sihu!”

“Yes!”

“I hereby appoint you as the Acting Captain of the Infantry Squadron, you will officially be the Captain after the class change.”

“Thank you, my lord, I will not disappoint you!”

“Zhang Daniu!”

“Yes!”

“I hereby appoint you as the Vice-captain of the Infantry Squadron and Lieutenant of the 1st Platoon.”

“Thank you, my lord, I will not let you down!”

Lin Yi stood aside, gave a wry smile and asked: “My lord, you had just taken away the cavalry squadron’s two most excellent sergeant, what am I supposed to do now.”

“What to do? Cold mix1!” After a little joke, Shuo with an earnest tone said, “There is a need to focus on the next generation, uncover more new talents, and promote them appropriately to the right post.”

“Understood!”

After the little interlude, Ouyang Shuo had arranged a cleanup for the aftermath of the battle, “Li Mingliang!”

“My lord!”

“Lead a team, and bring the non-combative bandits to the front square of Hall of Brotherhood.”

“Understood!” Li Mingliang rode off with the cavalry squadron 1st platoon.

“Liao Kai!”

“Sire!”

“With your platoon, stay on guard and watch after the captives.”

“Yes my lord!”

“Zhao Sihu!”

“Yes my lord!”

“Bring your men, seal off the storehouses, arsenal, and the stronghold’s main gate. Exterminate anyone that goes near it.”

“Yes, sire!” Zhao Sihu then leads Infantry Squadron 2nd Platoon to the storehouses, arsenal and main gate.

“Zhang Daniu!”

“My lord!”

“Lead the Infantry Squadron 1st Platoon, coordinate on guarding and watching the captives, no mistakes are allowed!”

“Yes my lord!”

After Ouyang Shuo finished giving his orders, only then he had the time to pay Pei Donglai a visit, “I have long heard of General Pei’s ability and talent, It is a pleasure to see you in person.”

Pei Donglai held a poor face and said in a deep voice, “General of the defeated, how am I to be praised.”

“Sigh… This battle’s loss was not your fault, you didn’t have to blame yourself for it. Watersnake is now dead, you have avenged your savior, and repaid your debt, you have done everything you could. A man of honor like you serves the battlefield, earns meritorious deeds…. not spending the rest of your life in this small stronghold. I intend to recruit you as Shanhai Town’s navy commander, with the title of ‘General’. I hope you would consider and accept my offer.” Shuo took a deep bow as he finished his sincere speech.

Pei Donglai was moved, he quickly slid to the side avoiding Ouyang Shuo’s bow, and he knelt down with one knee on the ground, and exclaimed in delight, “Sire is so kindhearted, I will swear my loyalty to my lord!”

Ouyang Shuo went and picked him up, with a bright smile, he said, “With you, it is worth more than thousands and millions of armies.”



Cold mix1 凉拌 : A mandarin joke. 怎么办？(what to do?) 凉拌！(cold mix!) As both of the words ends with the sound of “ban”.



* * *





Chapter 74




Chapter 74

Chapter 74: Pei Donglai



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun



After persuading Pei Donglai to join him, Ouyang Shuo took a look at his stats.

Name: Pei Donglai (Gold)

Identity: Shanhai Navy Commander

Occupation: Intermediate Officer

Loyalty: 80

Command: 65

Force: 45

Intelligence: 40

Politics: 35

Specialty: Wave-treading (troops movement speed on water increase by 10%), Shark Capture (when activated, raise combat power by 20% for 20 minutes.)

Cultivation Method: Canglang Sword Technique (18 stance)

Equipment: Ring Grip Blade

Evaluation: Originally a general, became a water bandit. Great in naval warfare, good at training troops.



From Pei Donglai's stats, his command stat was as high as 65 but his force was only 45. This meant that he gravitated towards being a command-type figure. As a naval commander, this was actually a good thing. After all, in naval warfare, the chances of close combat was very little, what was more important was the leading of troops.

In the time that Ouyang Shuo had received Pei Donglai, the post-war work had already started to progress. The non-combatants in the water stronghold had already rushed into the square in front of the hall of brotherhood, all of them shaking in fear. The rounding up of the prisoners had already been completed and handed to Ouyang Shuo.

The after-battle report included the prisoners of war who stayed to defend the hall of brotherhood. The water stronghold had a total of 308 water bandits, out of which 48 were elite and the rest were normal water bandits.

Ouyang Shuo laughed and said to Pei Donglai, "General Pei, what recommendations do you have towards the treatment of these prisoners?"

"Everything can be decided by sire." Pei Donglai was new here and was as such very careful, not wanting to express his views. Especially on something like dealing with the prisoners.

"Aiyo, general doesn't need to be too careful. How about this? I'll set a rule. For this batch of prisoners, we will split it into three methods. The evildoers will be executed. The people with bad morals will be sent to the quarry for a year, after which the people who behave well will be given the identity of Shanhai town citizens. As for the rest, they will be sent to the Shanhai town navy and trained by the general. Additionally, the General's descendants are all good people and can be directly enlisted into the Shanhai Town navy. The morals and behavior of this batch of prisoners, I think the general has a clearer idea than me. Hence the handling of them I give all the power to you."

Seeing Ouyang Shuo's trust, Pei Donglai was touched. "Thank you sire for your trust, I won't let you down!"

After passing the rights to handling the prisoners of war off to Pei Donglai, Ouyang Shuo started to handle the normal citizens that gathered in the square.

Based on the report, the water stronghold had 435 normal citizens, mostly fishermen, sailors, old or weak men, women or skilled talents.

With these people, Ouyang Shuo treated them magnanimously. Other than the family of Watersnake and the other leaders, regarding them as slaves, the rest were given the identity of Shanhai town citizens.

Ouyang Shuo arranged for Lin Yi to lead the cavalry squadron, bringing back the prisoners and normal citizens back to Shanhai Town. At the same time, he arranged for some fast horses to inform the Material Reserves Department and Finance Department to come and settle the stores and send them back to Shanhai Town.

After Pei Donglai told Ouyang Shuo the hiding places of all the tre

asures and items in the water stronghold, he left with the squadron. He had to return the Shanhai town to work with the Household Registration Division to complete the works on the prisoners of war.

At noon, the Material Reserves Department and Finance Department brought with them a large number of wooden walking horses to the water stronghold. With Pei Donglai's earlier advice, the transporting of the goods went really well. Ouyang Shuo showed his scroungy nature and picked the entire water stronghold clean.

Lastly, he entered the hall of brotherhood. Upon seeing the stone stele that had risen up, he placed his hand on it without hesitation, triggering a system notification.

"System Notification: Congratulations player Qiyue Wuyi for destroying an advanced water stronghold. Please choose method of disposal: occupy, transfer power, or destroy?"

"I choose to destroy!" Ouyang Shuo didn't want to leave any hope for the water bandits and immediately chose to destroy.

"System Notification: Player Qiyue Wuyi chose to destroy advanced water stronghold, obtaining 20% of its building blueprints and 20% of its building materials."

"System Notification: Congratulations player Qiyue Wuyi for obtaining harbor blueprints, dojo blueprints, pharmacy blueprints and relay blueprints. Obtained 8000 units of wood and 2000 units of stone."

"System Notification: congratulations player Qiyue Wuyi for successfully destroying high-grade water stronghold, obtaining 500 merit points, and 1000 reputation points.

That wasn’t bad, out of the 4 blueprints, the pharmacy and relay were grade 2 town basic buildings and could be used, saving him 100 gold.

After destroying the water stronghold, Ouyang Shuo left Zhao Sihu to work with the Material Reserves Department and Finance Department to transport the materials and left first on his horse.



28th of February, the 9th day of the year, Shanhai meeting hall.

Ouyang Shuo chaired the meeting and it was attended by Fan Zhongyan, Tian Wenjing and Cui Yingyu, the three directors. Gu Xiuwen and Zhou Feng from Beihai Village and the military was represented by General Shi, Lin Yi, Pei Donglai and Zhao Sihu.y

Tian Wenjing spoke first. "The battle at the water stronghold, we obtained large amounts of resources. As sire instructed, I'm going to do a report. Gold: 728 gold, 57 silver, and 49 copper, 12 blueprints, special item territory specialty scroll, 4 civil servant change class tokens and a Mingguang Armor Manufacturing Technology Manual. The rest of the materials and equipment aren't in the scope of the report."

Regarding this set of material, Ouyang Shuo already had his plans. He took 700 Gold and gave the rest to the Finance Department to relieve their financial burden. The 12 blueprints other than the relay, pharmacy and alchemy workshop, which could be used on a grade 2 town, were sold to the Intermediate Market. Deducting 20% of fees, he gained 40 gold.

As for the special items, he directly used the territory specialty scroll and passed the manual to the weapon smith.

Territory Specialty Scroll (4): After use, production-based citizens’ skill familiarity training speed raised by 5%

Mingguang Armor Manufacturing Technology Manual: After use, gain knowledge of crafting the mingguang armor.

What was left was the civil servant job change token. Ouyang Shuo looked at the 3 directors. "4 civil servant class change tokens, the 3 of you directors will recommend one secretary each, the last token we will decide later."

Fan Zhongyan had it easy as out of the 5 secretaries only the Construction Division Secretary Zhao Dewang wasn’t a civil servant, hence he could only recommend him. Between Cui Yingyu's Taxation Division Secretary Qian Lifei and Four Seas Bank Manager Yang Yun, she chose Qian Lifei as he was an actual secretary.

The one with the hardest decision was Tian Wenjing, Material Reserves Department had 3 secretaries, Du Xiaolan, Zheng Shanpao and Zhao Youfang. This together with Salt Pan Division Vice Secretary Shen Zhui, all of whom hadn’t had class changes yet. At last, Tian Wenjing chose Zheng Shanpao, the simple reason being that it the last test, only he didn’t make a mistake.

Ouyang Shuo didn’t comment on their decision. "Ok, Zhao Dewang, Qian Lifei, Zheng Shanpao, the last token I think I will give it to Salt Pan Division's Shen Zhui.”

Just now he found out that compared to the high-level arrangement of the Administration Department, the Material Reserves Department was somewhat lacking. Hence, he gave the last class change slot to the Material Reserves Department. As for why he chose the vice secretary and not Du Xiaolan or Zhao Youfang, his reason was the same as that of Tian Wenjing.

Zhao Youfang, who was the talent that Ouyang Shuo had high hopes for, missed out once again. If he did not have any exceptional performances then he might fade out of Ouyang Shuo's view.

After dealing with the class change tokens, Ouyang Shuo looked at Pei Dong Lai and laughed. "General Pei, you can report the situation with the prisoners."

Pei Donglai got up, bowed, and said, "Under orders from sire, I was in charge of the prisoners. Out of 308 prisoners, there were 8 evildoers and 120 morally bad people."

"That’s good. Based on our arrangement, the 8 evildoers will be beheaded, and the 120 will be sent to the quarry. As for the remaining 180 prisoners and the 20 recruited before at Beihai Village, they can form two squadrons." Ouyang Shuo casually said.

With regards to the setting up of the two squadrons, Ouyang Shuo was prepared to give them freedom. "The 20 sergeant choices will be decided by General Pei and reported to me. General can also recommend a captain.”

To have so much trust in the general, General Pei was touched. "General will not let you down and train an elite navy for the town."

Ouyang Shuo nodded his head and said, "Zhou Feng!"

"Present!"

"You will be the vice captain of the squadron under General Pei. Learn from him well and continue to learn the arts of training navy soldiers. When you level up from rank 9 to general, I will promote you to captain." Although he was confident in General Pei, but he still needed to arrange a man to keep him in check. Someone like Zhou Feng whom he held high hopes for was a good choice.

"Thank you sire, I won’t let you down."

After arranging the navy, Ouyang Shuo looked at Gu Xiuwen. "How many people does Beihai Village now have?"

"Last night, Beihai Village had already leveled to a grade 3 village and has 512 people." Gu Xiuwen said proudly.

Ouyang Shuo nodded his head. "The destruction of the water stronghold gave us a large population. Those 435 normal civilians have given us enough to upgrade to a grade 2 town. Beihai Village is also going to reach the max population of one thousand, so you need to make arrangements to upgrade to a grade 1 town."

"Yes!" Gu Xiuwen said.



* * *





Chapter 75




Chapter 75

Chapter 75: Grade 2 Town



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Levs



Before Gu Xiuwen left Shanhai Town, Ouyang Shuo gave him 200 gold to use for class changes for the two newly established navy squadrons.

As the water bandits' combat ability was higher than militia, they were able to jump past being a militia and directly change class to navy soldiers. Every soldier's class change cost was 1 gold.

In Earth Online, the general didn't have the right to change class for the soldiers, the permission lay in the hands of the lord and the heads of the subordinate territories. It acted as a restriction, preventing the generals from expanding the scale of the army on their own.

After the meeting, Ouyang Shuo went to the Intermediate Market and sold the 8 building blueprints that he couldn't use for 40 gold. Subsequently, he spent 200 gold to buy an Advanced Barracks building blueprint. Ever since he had set up a proper army, the expenses of the military had been increasing. In the blink of an eye, he spent 400 gold on the military.

3rd month, first day, 9am, Shanhai Town meeting room.

Ouyang Shuo’s heart was only thinking about levelling up. A white light shone and in the middle of the meeting room, the golden heartstone rose up from the ground. He placed his right hand on it and instantly, a system notification sounded out.

"System notification: Checking Shanhai Town upgrade requirements..."

"Requirement 1: Population reached 2000 upper limit, requirement met!"

"Requirement 2: All basic building structures are completed, requirement met!"

"Requirement 3: Lord is at least a 2nd Class Viscount, requirement met!"

"System notification: Congratulations player Qiyue Wuyi's Shanhai Town for meeting all requirements, would you like to level up?"

"Yes!"

On the heartstone, a golden light burst forth into the air and exploded in midair, turning into a golden luster and spreading in all directions, stretching to the corners of the territory before disappearing.

"System Notification: Congratulations player Qiyue Wuyi for becoming the first player in China to rise from grade 1 town to grade 2 town, rewarded 1100 merit points!"

"System Notification: Congratulations player Qiyue Wuyi…..”

"System Notification: Congratulations….."

5 days after Di Chen's Handan city rose to a grade 1 town, Shanhai town had become a grade 2 town. The leader of the Chinese region gave a feeling that he would not be touched.

"System Notification: Congratulations player Qiyue Wuyi for rising to grade 2 town. Lord's Mansion has been upgraded. Randomly chosen 3 grade 2 town basic buildings, player can choose one building."

"System Notification: Random selection completed. Vegetable farm, textile mills, pharmacy, please choose!"

"I choose textile mill!"

"System notification: Building is automatically built, request player to view it."

A white line shone and the golden heartstone slowly sank back down into the ground. Ouyang Shuo checked out the stats of Shanhai Town.

Territory: Shanhai Town (Grade 2 Town)

Lord: Qiyue Wuyi (3rd Class Duke)

Title: The World’s First Town (Increases town fame by 20%)

Morale: 90

Security: 90

Territory population: 2000/5000

Flow rate of immigrants: 50 * (1 + 50%) = 75 / day

Territory area: 500 square kilometers

Territorial characteristics: 50% increase in attracting migrants, 20% increase in attracting special talents, 50% increase in crop production, 25% increase in production capacity of residents, 20% increase in military promotion, 10% increase in talent breakthroughs.

pAffiliated Village: Beihai Village (Grade 3 Village)

Treasury: Four Seas Bank

Territory Resources: Basic logging camp, intermediate quarry, basic mining field

Territorial Army: Cavalry Squadron, Infantry Squadron, Navy Squadron

Territory Industry Properties: Northern Salt Pan (2000 mu)

Political index: 45/100 (determines administrative efficiency and relationship with the people)

Economic index: 40/100 (determines trade prosperity and ability to pay taxes)

Cultural index: 35/100 (represents the degree of educational development and quality of life of residents)

Military: 45/100 (indicates military strength and morale)

Infrastructure: Lord’s Manor; residential small homes; public bathrooms; village granaries, cemetery

Agricultural Construction: Simple farmland; pigsty; cattle pen; goat pen; mill; mulberry field, orchard

Commercial buildings: Intermediate market, intermediate blacksmith, basic grocery shop, advanced woodshop, advanced hospital, advanced martial arts dojo, special tailor shop, basic pottery kiln works, wine workshop, food shop, meat shop, cloth shop, advanced kiln

Cultural Buildings: Village ancestral hall, village private school, Lianzhou College

Military Buildings: Intermediate Barracks, stone outposts, stables, weapon workshop, arsenal

Special Buildings: ferry, wharf, intermediate shipyard

Secret Buildings: Mazu Temple (sealed), the Recruitment Hall

List of Basic Construction Buildings:

Relay Station: Provide a place for visiting officials or messengers to stay, replenish items, change horses.

Construction Requirements: Basic stableman, relay station building blueprints, 1500 wood, 800 stone.

Construction time: 3 days.

Vegetable Field: Grow crops.

Construction Requirements: seeds, 400 wood, 200 stone.

Construction time: 2 days.

Medicine Garden: Grow medicinal ingredients.

Construction requirements: herbs, 400 wood, 200 stone.

Construction time: 2 days.

Pharmacy: Shop that sells medicine.

Construction requirements: Pharmacy building blueprints, 800 wood, 200 stone.

Construction time: 2 days

Textile Mill: Place where textiles are created.

Construction requirements: Textile mill building blueprints, 1800 wood, 600 stone.

Construction time 3 days.

Bank: An organization that settles monetary matters.

Construction requirements: Bank building blueprints, 2000 wood, 1000 stone.

Construction time: 3 days

Alchemy Workshop: Smelting workshop, working on various items and jewelry. Construction requirements: Alchemist, Metal Workshop building blueprints, 1500 wood, 1800 stone. Construction time: 3 Days

Out of the 7 basic buildings for a grade 2 town, the vegetable farm and medicine garden did not need building blueprints. The textile mill and bank had already been built. The remaining relay station, pharmacy, and alchemy workshop blueprints had already been obtained when they plundered the water stronghold, hence Ouyang Shuo did not need to purchase any more building blueprints.

Out of the 7, the most annoying one was the alchemy workshop. An alchemist was a rare occupation in China and it was usually done by priests and it was difficult to find a professional alchemist. In his last life, there was a territory that was stuck at grade 2 town for three months as the lord was unable to find a professional alchemist. Shuo hoped that with the specialty of Shanhai Town that he would have a chance to get a professional alchemist.

Of course, the system wouldn't be so bad. Normally if the other upgrade requirements had been met and only one special talent was lacking, in at most a month he would appear.

That unlucky guy in the last life had used the lowest level of village building token and had an immigrant rate of 50 a day, taking nearly 2 months to get to the 5000 full population. It took him another month to get that alchemist.

Even a town like Shanhai town which had an insane immigrant rate needed 40 days to reach the max population, quite a long time.

When Shanhai town upgraded, his two allies, Bai Hua from Consonance Village and Mulan Yue from Mulan Village, both sent their congratulations and well wishes.

Ever since making the alliance, Ouyang Shuo had been keeping in contact with them and discussed methods of running the territory and the progression of each other's territories.

He knew that ever since he taught them the method to raise a village to a town, Consonance Village was now very close to upgrading and in just two days could do so. As Mulan Village had weaker basics and fewer connections and resources, its progress was slower and it still needed about half a month.

To tell the truth, this upgrade, apart from increasing the population cap and expanding the land space, didn't really affect the town. The administrative structure was already built and various businesses were starting to open; what was needed was patience and time.

In contrast, a deeper danger was walking step by step towards the town of Shanhai. As the territory progressed, the requirements for gold and resources would increase. In the early stages, Shanhai Village could survive easily with the 100 gold from the beginner quest. Now, hundreds and thousands of gold were being spent in no time.

In contrast to him, the various financial powers had already gotten over the tough times. As various gold farming groups had started to form up and flourish in the wilderness, the powers could use real credits to buy up gold to build their territories. The only reason why there was no notification was because they were affected by the upgrade requirements of their territories. Once they got past them, their territories would grow tremendously. Ouyang Shuo guessed that after his actions today, Di Chen might forcefully raise Handan town to a grade 2 town tomorrow.

Hence, if Shanhai town wanted to continue keeping this lead, it needed to open up new money-making avenues. But this wasn't easy; apart from bandits and raiders, every business and field needed time to grow. Furthermore, the amount of raiders and bandits were limited, and they couldn't be relied on to solve the problem.

Facing so many challenges, Ouyang Shuo had to keep calm. After upgrading the town, he didn't call for a meeting with the various directors and secretaries, and instead sat alone in his office thinking of a method.



* * *





Chapter 76




Chapter 76

Chapter 76 - Armory Division



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun



The 2nd day of the third month was destined not to be a normal day.

“System Announcement: Congratulations player Di Chen for becoming the second player in the China region to upgrade to grade 2 town, rewarded 1000 credit points!”

“System Announcement: Congratulations player Di Chen…”

“System Announcement: Congratulations…”

It was as Ouyang Shuo had expected. Handan Town had followed closely behind Shanhai Town, using just 6 days time to upgrade from a grade 1 town to a grade 2 town.

The surprises did not end there. In the next three days, Chun Shenjun, Feng Qiuhuang, Bai Hua, Feng Qingyang, and Zhan Lang all had also upgraded to grade 1 towns, and the Chinese server welcomed a wave of new grade 1 towns.

Bai Hua's Consonance Village became the 5th village in China to upgrade to a grade 1 town; not an exceptionally strong black horse, but not a weak one either. The positions of the Six Tyrants of Handan had been totally destroyed after being challenged by Ouyang Shuo, Xiongba, and Bai Hua. They became a part of history. However, as individuals, Di Chen and Chun Shenjun were still very strong and couldn't be underestimated.

Just as everyone was focused on the newly upgraded towns, Shanhai Town's secondary base Beihai village sneakily upgraded to a grade 1 town. The day that Beihai Town upgraded, Ouyang Shuo transferred all of the 200 fishermen in Shanhai Town over to Beihai Town. At the same time, he activated the 4th stage expansion of the salt pan fields, increasing the area to 5000 mu. Beihai Town had become the territory's salt base, fishing base, and navy camp.

After settling Beihai Town, Ouyang Shuo started building his second secondary village. He decided to build the new village on the other side of the canyon. It and Shanhai Town were on adjacent sides of the canyon, blocking the only ocean opening into Lianzhou Basin.

The secondary village was called Quishui Village, its village chief was Zhao Dexian. The original vice secretary of the Agriculture Division, Sun Yannong, took over the duties of Zhao Dexian, and became the new Secretary of the Agriculture Division.

Events were similar to when Beihai Village was built, as Zhao Dexian took 50 basic level administrative personnel and skilled talents. Military-wise, infantry squadron vice-captain and also first squad Sergeant Zhang Daniu was rushed over to build the village protection force.

This time, along with Zhao Dexian went 350 farmers and 100 logging workers. Qiushui Village was built on the east side of the canyon and was the intersection of Lianzhou Basin and Lingnan. There were forests everywhere and timber and trees were plentiful. Henceforth, the future Qiushui Village would act as the agricultural and logging base of the territory.



5th of March, lunar calendar 14th day of the year, 9 AM in the morning, Shanhai Town office.

"How are the preparations for tomorrow's Lantern Festival going?" Ouyang Shuo asked.

As the first Lantern Festival for Shanhai Town, Ouyang Shuo placed a lot of importance on it and acted as the leader of the organizing committee. The actual work was done by the Culture and Education Division, Resource Division, and Security Division. The Culture and Education Division focused on lantern riddles, the Resource Division on the lanterns and prizes, and the Security Division on maintaining law and order.

"Replying to sire, all preparations are going well." The one who answered was the vice leader of the preparation committee, Xu Shuda.

When Ouyang Shuo and Bing’er went to Jiao State temple festival earlier, he had the thought to organize one in Shanhai Town. Unfortunately, to do t

hat required a lot of resources, and based on their current situation it was not practical.

That is, until one day when he was having a casual chat with Xu Shuda he raised this regret. Xu Shuda, being a scholar, was well-versed in traditional culture and folk performances. He said that even though they couldn't hold a temple festival, they could hold a Lantern Festival.

There was a reason why he put in so much time, money, and resources into this. A Lantern Festival could raise spirits and also the culture index in the territory. Out of the four indexes, the culture was the hardest to increase. Hence to make it easier and help establish the foundation for upgrading to a city, he wouldn’t drop any chance to increase the culture index.

Holding various traditional performances and festivals, be it temple festivals, the Lantern Festival, dragon boating, or the Mid-Autumn Festival, could all help raise the culture index.

After dealing with the Lantern Festival, Ouyang Shuo left the manor and went to the weapon workshop. It had been three days since he passed the Mingguang Armor Manufacturing Technology Manual to the advanced blacksmith Wang Gao, and Shuo wanted to see his progress.

Mingguang armor came out during the Three Kingdoms Era and was regarded as the best armor in China during the time of cold weapons. Its creation methods were complicated, and it was the most expensive armor in Chinese history. At first, only generals and nobles could wear it. By the time of the Tang Dynasty, the strength of the country had risen enough to give the armor to its elite forces and raise their defensive ability.

On the front and back of the armor was an oval metal piece which people called ‘the circle guard’. Its perfect arc could cause arrows to slip off and hence protected the soldiers wearing it. Even the strongest bow and the most penetrative armor-piercing arrow could not punch through the circle guard of the Mingguang armor.

A set of Mingguang armor weighed 36 kg and hence was suitable for cavalry use. If you combined that with the strongest powered horse lancer, it was invincible. Ever since obtaining the Manual, building a heavy cavalry force and reigniting the honor of the Tang army had become a thought in Ouyang Shuo's mind.

Sadly, the moment he walked into the weapon workshop, Wang Gao gave him bad news, "Sire, I have studied the armor, and understand the production method of this armor. Based on the current capabilities of the weapon workshop, mass production of this armor is highly difficult and requires sire's help."

"Please advise!"

"First, the leather part of the armor needs the coordination of a tailor. Second, the process is complicated and as the number of people in the workshop is too few, just making the chest area will take us 5 days. Lastly, this armor takes too much iron, and the scale of the current mines won’t be sufficient."

Wang Gao was obviously excited to start production of the Mingguang armor, and he cherished this opportunity. Hence, he needed to inform Shuo of all the problems that he faced.

"How many people does the weapon workshop have?" Ouyang Shuo didn't rush to answer his question and instead asked him for more information.

"Including me, there is 1 advanced blacksmith, 1 intermediate blacksmith, 4 basic blacksmiths, and 5 apprentices." Originally the number of basic blacksmiths and apprentices was a higher number, but after the two secondary villages took some of them away, this was what Shanhai was left with.

Ouyang Shuo locked his brows. The crafting of the armor needed the cooperation of the weapon workshop, tailoring shop, quarry, and Combat Logistics Division, as well as the Household Registration Division. With only Wang Gao, it seemed impossible to arrange such a complicated task. The best method would be to open a new division to be in charge of armor making.

The plan was set, and Ouyang Shuo smiled. "I understand the current problems. At 2 PM, bring Xu Kun from the workshop to my manor, we have something to discuss."



At 2 PM, Ouyang Shuo gathered all the managers and secretaries that were involved in the armor making for a meeting.

They were the Material Reserves Department Director Tian Wenjing, Combat Logistics Secretary Zhao Youfang, basic metal quarry manager Yuan Shaoping, Household Registration Secretary Zhou Haichen, Construction Secretary Zhao Dewang, master tailor Mu Qingsi, and weapon workshop manager Wang Gao, along with his assistant Xu Kun.

"I have gathered all of you here for one thing, which is the cooperation of Mingguang armor manufacturing. I have decided to set up an Armory Division. The secretary will be Wang Gao, and Mu Qingsi will be the advisor."

"To help with the work of the Armory Division, I'll announce a few orders. Zhao Dewang!"

"Present!"

"Construction Division needs to build a workshop within three days that can house a tailor shop and the weapon workshop to act as the workplace of the Armory Division."

"Yes, I promise to complete the mission!"

"Yuan Shaoping!"

"Present!"

"Expand the basic mining field to an advanced mining field, and the workers to at least 400."

"Yes, I'll do it!"

"Zhao Youfang!"

"Present!"

"Get all the leather, tendons, and the necessary items, and pass them all to the Armory Division. Also, find a reliable source to get enough leather and tendons for continuous production."

"Yes!”

"Xu Kun!"

"Present!"

"You are the manager of the weapon workshop and in charge of teaching the apprentices. Transfer every basic blacksmith to the Armory division."

"Yes, I promise to complete the mission!"

"Zhou Haichen!"

"Present!"

"Categorize all the workers in the Armory Division as military personnel who are never allowed to leave. The Armory Division will be in charge of this matter."

"Yes, I promise to complete the task!"

The series of orders overwhelmed everyone. The new Armory Division Secretary Wang Gao's blood was boiling. It was clear that with such arrangements, the problems that he listed in the afternoon would be easily solved, and that he was much closer to the day where Mingguang armor would be mass produced.



* * *





Chapter 77




Chapter 77

Chapter 77: Lantern Festival



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Levs



After settling the Armory Division, Ouyang Shuo went back into the study room and got offline as planned.

In reality, it was already the 15th day of the new year and the new years'’ holiday was about to come to an end. The working class had already started to work on the 8th. Starting tomorrow, schools will also start. During the holidays, Bing'er would sleep in and eat a lot, causing her face to become fat, extremely adorable.

Yesterday, Sun Xiaoyue had called and said that she was returning to Jiaozhou today and spend the lantern festival together with them. Ouyang Shuo went to the market to buy several ingredients to cook a huge meal for dinner.

At 3pm in the afternoon, Sun Xiaoyue had reached home on time and brought with her many of her hometown specialties. After not seeing her for a very long time, naturally it started with a greeting. Bing'er, that little brat, was overly reliant on Sun Xiaoyue, giving her the gift that she bought at the temple fair, followed by introducing Xue'er.

When Sun Xiaoyue saw Xue'er, she was shocked. She recognised the smart pet and knew that it costs a lot. She turned around and looked at Ouyang Shuo. She didn’t expect this brother to be so good to his sister, buying such an expensive gift all of a sudden.

She realised that she couldn’t see through Ouyang Shuo. He spent the whole day playing games and not working, and seemed to be covered by a mysterious veil, causing people to be unable to see through him.

This time when she went home, her grandfather, who was a professor at the Chinese academy of sciences, mentioned Earth Online to her. When she told him that she knew about the game, her grandfather actually recommended she play the game. She had already booked a game cabin online and it would be shipped here tomorrow.

"Sister, why aren’t you listening to Bing'er?" Bing'er pouted and said sadly.

Sun Xiaoyue was stunned, she had zoned out and hadn’t replied to Bing'er. She said, "Ah, haha, sister thinks Xue'er is too cute, I was shocked beyond words."

"Yes, Bing'er thinks so too, she’s as cute as Bing'er."

"Sister…" The little brat jumped into Sun Xiaoyue's arms and moved around.

Ouyang Shuo, seeing both of them playing around in the living room, suddenly thought about Song Jia. Since that day, he had kept in contact with Song Jia, calling her once or twice. As for her feelings, Ouyang Shuo couldn’t say for certain. Classmates, friends, or something more?

After dinner, Sun Xiaoyue smiled and said, "Aiyo, tomorrow I will also start playing Earth Online, is there anything you want to advise me?"

Ouyang Shuo was surprised, "Why so sudden? Weren’t you so determined not to play?"

"Heh, who knows, all of you are so mysterious. My grandfather recommended it."

"Your grandfather?"

"Yeah, he is the boat design specialist of the alliance, I don’t know where he got the news. He didn’t want to explain, just asked me directly to play it. He also gave me the money to pay for the game cabin."

Ouyang Shuo nodded his head; it seemed like the truth behind the game had been revealed to some of the middle class. Fairly soon, the game would welcome a new batch of players. "Last time, I told you that the game has a lord mode and an adventure mode, which will you pick?"

Sun Xiaoyue didn’t even think abou

t it and said," Of course adventure mode, I can’t handle the lord mode." "If it’s the adventure mode, it is broken up into combat occupations and work occupations, do you need me to introduce them to you?" As for her choice, Ouyang Shuo did not want to interfere with it.

"No need, I already went online and checked. I don’t like all the fighting and killing so I’ve decided to choose a work occupation. However, there are so many choices, I do not know which to pick."

Ouyang Shuo was shaken, but he did not show it and said calmly, "If it’s a work occupation, I think that an architect fits you and it mixes well with what you are studying now. The game is very real and in the latter part of the game, architects will have a large opportunity to show off their skills."

"Ya, why didn’t I think of that? Okay, I will listen to you and choose architect. Tell me your ID, I will contact you when I enter the game."

Ouyang Shuo's face changed as he did not expect her to ask this. "Cough, I don’t know how to explain this to you. Anyway, I can’t tell you my ID. If you trust me then choose your starting point to be in Dali. Anyways one of us is a lord player and the other is an adventure player, so we won’t meet much. When the time comes, I will explain to you.”

It wasn’t that Ouyang Shuo didn’t trust her, but his identity was too special and he had to be careful. If she leaked it, it would get not just him, but also Bing'er into a lot of trouble.

Sun Xiaoyue pouted her lips and said unhappily," Don’t tell, then don’t tell… Why so mysterious."

Ouyang Shuo had nothing to reply and the atmosphere got a little stretched.

"Oh ya, you don’t need to worry about Bing'er. I’m not a game maniac like you and won’t log in so early everyday." Sun Xiaoyue said before returning to her room.

Ouyang Shuo nodded and turned back to his room to log into the game.

In the afternoon, many types of lanterns had already been hung on the streets and alleys in Shanhai town. Some business-minded shopowners had started promotions, and whoever could answer the riddles could get a prize.

After dinner, Qing'er wanted to drag Ouyang Shuo to look at lanterns and guess riddles.

Ouyang Shuo knew that he didn’t have the ability to guess riddles. To not make a fool of himself, he decided to drag along Fan Zhongyan, Tian Wenjing, Yu Shu Da, Suzhe, and Zhou Haichen.

All the good riddles were gathered around the commerce street. Those easy lantern riddles, like “half an autumn and spring, Guess a word,” the answer was obviously Qin. “Half farming, half studying, choose a word.” Taking half of each word, the answer was obviously talk. Ouyang Shuo could definitely solve one or two.

Those of higher difficulty, Ouyang Shuo couldn’t solve. “The wind comes and goes, the hill in front of the peak is slanted, choose two words”, cancel the word inside the Chinese word of wind, adding “you” into it and it will become “Feng”; in front of the peak is a mountain and it represents the word “Ren”, slanting it would become a prefix for the word “Xian”. Hence the answer was “Feng Xian”.

"Big brother, what is the answer to this riddle?" Qing'er pointed to a riddle and asked.

Ouyang Shuo raised his head to see: Moving the mountain, planting the seeds, guess a flower name. He smacked her head and said," It’s so easy and you can’t guess it. The answer is pomegranate."

Qing'er touched her head and said sadly," People just can’t guess it!" She pointed to another and asked," What about this?"

The one she pointed to was more difficult and Ouyang Shuo couldn’t guess it. He passed it on to Mr. Su Zhe who easily solved it.

When they walked past the grocery store, a lantern riddle attracted a large number of people who were discussing it but no one managed to guess it. This time, even Fan Zhongyan, Tian Wenjing and the others joined in the fun.

Seeing Ouyang Shuo and the group of people, everyone made way.

When Ouyang Shuo looked at the lantern, he couldn’t understand it with his standard knowledge of literature. Unsurprisingly, Fan Zhongyan and Yu Shu Da looked at each other and laughed, obviously guessing the answer.

"Why don’t you two write the answers and see if it’s the same," Ouyang Shuo said to make it more interesting.

The two of them nodded and took some scrap paper and pens and wrote down their answers, only to see they both wrote the same answer.

Following which Yu Shu Da took the initiative to explain the riddle to everyone, causing everyone to cheer out. The prize from the grocery stall was an exquisite shadow lamp.

The two men obviously wouldn’t carry a flower lamp and walk on the streets so it landed in the hands of Qing'er. Walking past the dojo, Tian Wenjing also managed to guess one riddle.

The hardest riddle of the night was prepared by Yu Shu Da and he hung it in the square in front of the lord's manor. In the end, it was solved by Fan Zhongyan, laughing as he did so. After admiring all the lanterns and guessing all the riddles, it was already 8pm in the night and Ouyang Shuo quickly got offline.



* * *





Chapter 78




Chapter 78 - Farmer’s Market

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

Today was the first day of school for Bing’er. After hanging up, Ouyang Shuo washed up hurriedly and then took Bing’er downstairs to eat breakfast. They finally got to school before 9 AM.

Soon after he returned from school, the game cabin ordered by Sun Xiaoyue arrived and was installed in her bedroom.

Ouyang Shuo logged in the game again at 8 PM. He practiced spearmanship and the Ba Ji Quan for two hours, as usual. When he passed the general store last night during the Lantern Festival, he suddenly realized that he had never walked in it since it was built. That was kind of intriguing.

The general store was one of the several Basic Shops that it hadn't seen much of. The shopkeeper was the Basic Merchant Li Fugui. The middle-aged shopkeeper was startled at the sight of Ouyang Shuo, and said incoherently, “Sire's arrival, makes the small store shine. Come in, please.”

The store sold daily used goods such as oil, salt, sauce, vinegar, tea, etc. None of them could be produced in the territory except salt. It was just the magic goods shelf on the back of salesman that made the general store conjure those goods seemingly out of nothing.

The shelves, similar to markets in function, could support remote businesses and transfers. The shelf would upgrade as the trading amounts reached a certain scale, and salesmen and the general stores could also be upgraded.

Faced with Ouyang Shuo’s visit, Fugui couldn’t help but share with him the secrets of the general store.

“My Lord, the general store actually has a hidden function.” Fugui said mystically.

“Oh? What is the function?”

“In the general store, you can only buy, but can't sell. The only exception is local products. If one's goods were adopted as a local product, it could be sold via the general store, with transaction tax only at 10%.

“Local Product?” Ouyang Shuo frowned ,with no idea of whether the Guilin Three Flower Tea belonged to the Shanhai Township or not. Afterwards, there was no Guilin department in the Nine Dynasty. It seemed that he had to find time to see how the three flowers tea were made in the workshop. Just having a try wouldn’t make a mistake.

"Right."

"Well, I know. I will keep my ear out for this." Ouyang Shuo nodded.

Ouyang Shuo walked to the Intermediate Market after leaving the general store. He was going to buy some vegetable seeds to prepare for vegetable garden construction. There were many kinds of vegetables that could be planted in Spring in the past. He didn't just buy on type of vegetable. He bought dozens of kinds of vegetables, such as garlic, cabbage, cucumber, eggplant, spinach, lettuce carrot, pepper, pumpkin, kidney bean, tomato, and zucchini, etc.

Then he bought some seeds of common medicines to prepare for the herbal garden construction. Because many medicines had to be transplanted from wilderness, the construction of herbal garden was more difficult than that of vegetable garden.

He found out that such goods couldn't be supplied sufficiently in the territory when visiting the general store. Taking this opportunity, he spent 30 gold coins to buy the Mature Vinegar Making Technical Manual and the Sauce Making Technical Manual.

After coming back from the market, Ouyang Shuo gathered Sun Yannong, Du Xiaolan, and Zhao Dewang in his office, explaining his vegetable-baskets plan to them.

"The vegetables will be planted in concentrated locations, so the Agriculture Division should reclaim 200-mu of farmlands to plant all sorts of vegetables. The Resource Division should have vegetable stalls ready. The Construction Division should cooperate with the Resource Division to build a vinegar-making workshop, sauce making workshop and tofu making workshop to enrich residents' spices and subsidiary foodstuffs.

The three secretaries agreed with no objections.

"Sire, after the three workshops operate officially, would we set upshops for selling?" Du Xiaolan asked.

It was an instant inspiration triggered by Xiaolan's question. Ouyang Shuo said excitingly, "No need. We just can't build a new shop for new kinds of goods as the goods are abundant all the time. That is not reasonable. In my opinion, we simply construct a large-scale farmer's market. Then we can sell agriculture products such as vegetables, fruits, fish, eggs, spices, subsidiary foodstuffs, etc. Basically all the stuff in the farming market.

Xiaolan got excited and said, "My Lord, this is indeed a great idea. In this way, not only is it convenvient for the residents, but we can also buy all the things in one place. The Resource Division can manage them easier and reduce dispatched personnel.

Ouyang Shuo shook his head. "Not only that. It is also convenient for the Taxation Division to levy taxes intensively. More importantly, the farming market will provide a selling platform for individual households and then stimulate the territory’s economy further. People who raise chickens and ducks and can't resume them all can sell the rest of them in the farming market to earn more money. When they get benefits from this, without our prompting, they will expand their breeding scale. Then, we will relax the restriction in farming products like vegetables, fruits, and tofu etc for individual household to support their developing.

The three persons nodded and they were all convinced by their Lord's foresight.

"The reason why we demand intensive planting is not for battling interests with villagers. For the sake of integrated planning, there will be vegetable fields everywhere if we don't control that. That is not good for the city plan. So only when some residents settle in the city suburb, can we relax the restriction on vegetables and fruits." Added Ouyang Shuo.

Sun Yanshuo nodded, with the doubt in his mind dissipated.

"Just leave the task of farmer's market construction to the Construction Division. Though I know that the rampart and the moat projects are entering a critical period, we still have to transfer craftsmen to build the farming market, including the three workshops mentioned before." Ouyang Shuo said to Dewang at last.

"My Lord, take it easy. I guarantee that I will fulfill my mission." Dewang said loudly.

"Well, go ahead!" Ouyang Shuo ended the conversation.

At 2 PM, Ouyang Shuo was reading the report formulated by the Administration Department, while the gatekeeper came and reported. "My Lord, the manager of the dojo is requesting an interview!"

"Send him in."

Ouyang Shuo was very polite to this boxing master. He poured tea to him personally, said smilingly, "This is a new tea for this year, please taste it."

Lin Yue picked up the cup and drank a mouthful of it. "Good tea!" Putting down the cup lightly, Lin Yue said in embarrassment, "To tell you quite honestly, my lord, I came here for one thing which I need your help on."

"You are welcome, Mr. Lin, anything not against my principles. You have shown kindness to me in teaching me skills and I will not decline. Just tell me." How could Ouyang Shuo miss the opportunity to get closer?

“The fact is that my five apprentices all finished their apprenticeships and I want to find jobs for them in the army. I hope the lord can help.”

Ouyang Shuo was silent for a while, moved by Lin Yue’s character. It was easy for him to arrange his apprentices places in the army. In addition, it was not against his principles. But he didn’t do that and instead laid down to beg Ouyang Shuo. Such a clear attitude towards work and life really made Ouyang Shuo convinced.

“Apprentices in the dojo all learn Tai Chi from Mr. Lin. It would be great if they could join the army. I guarantee that they can serve as sergeants once they enter the army. If they perform well, they can be promoted to be sergeants or captains.” Ouyang Shuo said as he nodded.

“Thank you very much, lord.” It absolutely indicated the lord’s affirmation of him. How could he be unhappy?

After Lin Yue’s departure, Ouyang Shuo managed to visit the military camp. Now the military camp had upgraded to advanced barracks, which were both nicer in space and facility than the intermediate military camp.

After upgrading to a grade 2 town, the Shanhai territory didn’t hurry to enlarge the army scale, remaining the scale of a Cavalry Squadron and an Infantry Squadron. That was not because he didn’t want it to be enlarged, but due to the lack of a general. If he enlarged the army scale blindly, there would be no one leading them.

Ouyang Shuo found Zhao Sihu and told him the arrangement of the Dojo disciples. According to him, the 5 dojo disciples would serve as sergeants in the infantry.

Sihu nodded. He had passed the Class Change Chamber in advanced Barracks and upgraded to a basic officer. He was just thinking about having the people serve as sergeants, and this was exactly an instant help.

Name: Zhao Sihu (Black Iron level)

Identity: Captain in the Infantry Squadron of Shanhai Town

Occupation: Basic General

Loyalty: 85

Command: 80

Force: 95

Intelligence: 60

Politics: 30

Cultivation Method: None

Equipment: Delicate Falchion, Golden Leather Armour, Delicate Shield

Evaluation: Born from grass, getting through blood and fire. Solider rank 9, turn to general.

It could be seen that generals like Zhao Sihu who transferred from a rank 9 soldier was worse than a basic general like Lin Yi. What made them different was cultivation method.



* * *





Chapter 79




Chapter 79-80

Chapter 79: Architect

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Levs

The next day, he bumped into Sun Xiaoyue and asked, "So how was it, this game is fun right? Isn't it realistic?"

"It is too real, it made me have no money to pay for my school fees." Sun Xiaoyue grumbled.The architect, out of all the work occupations, was a special one. After entering the game, they had to enter the Capital Architectural College to learn, only after graduating could he/she get the recognition as a basic architect.

After which, the player would have 3 choices. The first would be to join a player's territory and become his architect. A player's territory was busy and constantly had many projects, hence providing the player with a lot of practical opportunities. The cons being that the levels of bases at the current time were too low and there weren't any huge projects, hence joining a territory was a short-sighted approach.

The second was to join the construction department in the capital city, becoming its hired staff. Of course this was a great idea as you could join many high-level building projects and raise your architect level quickly. However, without connections, it was very difficult for one to enter that department.

The last method would be to continue learning in the college and getting an intermediate architect recognition, making it easier for you to find a job when you leave. The downside would be that it was very lonely and you had to pay for the expensive school fees.

Regardless of the method, it wasn't an easy thing for a solo player. The cost of the college school fees was one gold coin and learning further cost 10 more. This did not include expenses and other miscellaneous costs.

Hence, every successful architect had a lord who was supporting him from behind. For an architect, the best method would be to obtain the intermediate architect grade, and then interning at the capital city's construction department until he became an advanced architect. After that, he could work in a player's territory and become the primary architect.

This method was a double win for both the architect and the lord. The only prerequisite being that the lord that supported you had the money. In his past life, one person calculated that to groom a high grade architect, one needed 150 gold. To bribe people and get into the capital city's construction department cost another 100 gold.

Such a big investment obviously made lords very careful. Either they set a contract or they chose someone they trusted in real life. Sun Xiaoyue's appearance was a great opportunity for Ouyang Shuo. Hence when he found out that she wanted to play a work occupation, he strongly recommended the architect class.

Ouyang Shuo didn't try to hide anything and told her everything he knew about architects, waiting patiently for her choice. The prerequisite for a mutual cooperation would be trust and the basics of trust would be the sharing of information.

Sun Xiaoyue was very willing and smiled, "Lord Ouyang Shuo, good teamwork!"

"Good teamwork! Now tell me your ID and I will send 50 gold over to you. When you graduate, tell me and I will prepare more gold." Ouyang Shuo heaved a sigh of relief.

The reason why he didn't prepare 150 gold straight was firstly there was no need. Even someone like Sun Xiaoyue who had building knowledge would take 2-3 months for her to graduate from the college. Secondly, he didn't want to expose his financial ability as at this stage of the game, the number of people who could take out that amount of money so quickly

were not many. Sun Xiaoyue was smart and would definitely be able to guess.

Even so, Sun Xiaoyue was still stunned. Although she had only spent one short day in the game, but she recognized the rarity of gold. Based on her calculations, if Ouyang Shuo was able to take out 10 gold it would be amazing, she did not expect him to take out 50 gold without even blinking.

Sun Xiaoyue stared at Ouyang Shuo like she was looking at a monster, her eyes filled with doubt. "Oi, say the truth. Are you a famous lord in the game? If not, why won't you tell me your ID? You can take out so much gold without batting an eye."

"Cough, you think too much. To fund you, I'm already bankrupt. You better train hard! If not, I would have wasted all my money."

Sun Xiaoyue had a face of disbelief, "He! As if I believe you. Everyday you are so mysterious. Ok, it's fine if you don't want to tell me, I won't ask. My game ID is Xiaoyue, I only changed a word, you remember it." Ouyang Shuo nodded his head, this brat was really lazy when choosing her name.

After Sun Xiaoyue went to school, Ouyang Shuo did not slack around. He went to search the forums to understand all the big developments in the game and also to understand the new technology advancements. After that, he trained his Bajiquan. It had been some time since he started training it so he had developed some muscle memory and now he could train it in real life.

In reality, it was most suitable to go to a dojo to train martial arts. As martial arts got more popular once again, every place had its own professional dojo where there were various sparring tools and high technology gadgets to test one's strength, stamina, explosiveness, and body readings.

Unfortunately, to ensure the safety of the person, these dojos were equipped with cctvs. Unless it was high class VIP hall, if not all secrets will be revealed.[a] Ouyang Shuo was training the Bajiquan which was different from the one in reality. It was changed by Gaia to become more powerful. Obviously he didn't dare to go to a dojo or he would leave a risk of being exposed.

That was the helplessness of the weak. If he had as much power in real life, he could obviously do whatever he wanted and not have such thoughts. He was working so hard in the game so that in the future he would get treated differently.

Tossing aside his thoughts, Ouyang Shuo focused on the Bajiquan. The more focused he got, the more intense his strokes became. This was the meaning behind the fist, meaning that he had officially understood a glimpse of the Bajiquan.

After stopping, he was drenched in sweat but he felt very relaxed. Training the body could make one become very cheerful, long term training could make one more confident and train one's aura and demeanor.

To replenish his energy, Ouyang Shuo made a large pot of chicken soup for dinner, adding a lot of expensive herbs. He didn't mind spending them now since credits were useless not long after.

After dinner, Ouyang Shuo didn't bother about Sun Xiaoyue and went back to his room. He anonymously transferred 50 gold to Sun Xiaoyue before walking out of his bedroom in the game.



In the courtyard, Siqin and Siqi were serving on Yingyu and Qing'er and brushing their hair. Upon seeing Ouyang Shuo, they bowed and greeted him, he nodded before starting to practice on his spearmanship.

Qing'er waited for Ouyang Shuo to finish before asking, "Big brother, why did you make me the advisor to the Armory

Armory Division. Now Qing'er doesn't have any energy to manage the tailor shop and furthermore there are so many more new people everyday, the orders are getting too much too handle."

"You are too greedy. I sent you to the Armory Division for your own good. Participating in this armor production can raise your tailoring skill, sewing clothes for commoners will take you so long to upgrade."

Actually, with the master tailor identity of Qing'er, she had more rights to be the secretary of the Armory Division. But this brat wasn't the leader type and was too casual, hence only giving her an advisor position.

"Qing'er knows brother wants the best for me but I can't keep up!" The little brat acted cute.

"That's why I said you are too greedy. You want to improve your skills but you don't want to give up your shop." To this little money grubber, Ouyang Shuo was hapless, "How about this, I've came up with an idea to solve both."

"What idea? Tell me!"

"You're the manager of the tailor shop and you have the deal with the Administration Department. If you take out some profits to hire more tailors won't you solve the problem? Hiring tailors and creating a garment workshop.

Only then can the tailor shop focus on more high end products, you also can find more time to work in the armory division and improve your skills."

Getting partners and working together, expanding the shares and production allowed one to pass on the low profit jobs and take on the higher profit ones. Such thinking and methods could only be thought of by Ouyang Shuo

Not only Qing'er, but even Yingyu was amazed by his words, exclaiming, "Big brother's idea is just too good. The Business Division can use this idea to change the major shops."Ouyang Shuo laughed and nodded his head.

Chapter 80: Mountain Barbarian (Part 1)

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

Just as Ouyang Shuo wanted to discuss some things with Yingyu about the Business Division, the door suddenly opened. "Sire? A messenger from Qiushui Village came and has something to report!"

Ouyang Shuo was shocked, it seemed like something big happened. He rushed past the front yard and into his office, letting the messenger in.

The messenger was a teen who wore simple clothing and upon seeing Ouyang Shuo he bowed and said, "Sire, I have something urgent from Qiushui Village."

Ouyang Shuo received a message and opened it, his face instantly turned gloomy.

The letter was from the chief of Qiushui village, Zhao Dexian, and in it was written: Yesterday, when the farmers were working on some agricultural land at the bottom of the mountain, they found a stranger that was looking around and holding bad intentions. The farmers sent someone back to report and tried to capture the person but they weren't his match.

Both sides had a conflict which resulted in the farmers being injured. What was weird was those people didn't kill them.

When Zhang Daniu and his team rushed to support, they had already fled into the mountains and were nowhere to be seen. As it was already late and the village protection squad wasn't familiar with the environment, they didn't chase and instead arrange an elite soldier to follow their tracks.

This morning, Zhang Daniu led the squad and chased through the mountains. Zhao Dexian felt that something was amiss so he sent someone to report.

Based on the farmer's descriptions, they wrapped their heads with

heads with black cloth and they wore robes, their weapons were old and rusted, being simple spears. Based on these descriptions, Ouyang Shuo confirmed that these people were the barbarian tribes that lived in the mountains where Lianzhou Basin crossed with Lingnan.

During the Qing Dynasty, the people called the place beyond Changjiang as Yue. Lingnan was Nan Yue and Guangxi was Luo Yue. After the Qing dynasty, the term Luo Yue was used less and was replaced with Nan Man. Gaia followed history and placed these barbarians in the mountains and forest areas.

The mountains where Lingnan and Guangxi met had large numbers of barbarians. They were split into tribes and spread out all over the mountains. Every one of them was strong, muscular, and kept on reproducing. This and the fact that the environment was bad, food was a shortage and people were often starving to death, to survive they often attacked villages to obtain grain and food.

The Qiushui Village that Zhao Dexian was instructed to build had already aroused the interest of the barbarians who sent people to investigate.

Against these barbarians, Ouyang Shuo decided to take a soft approach. Although barbarians weren't good at production, but they were exceptional soldiers and were suitable to be heavy armored infantry. If he could persuade them to live in Shanhai town, it would have a huge benefit to them.

The barbarians who lived close to Lianzhou basin were descendants from Luo Yue. That year, the Qin emperor easily invaded the land, only facing difficulty when trying to invade Luo Yue. 300,000 troops against 10,000 Luo Yue troops, and he couldn't win.

In his past life, one of Lianzhou's 3 tyrants, Ba Dao, made use of the heavy armored infantry made up by barbarians to attack cities and sweep across the Lianzhou basin.

In this life, Ouyang Shuo didn't want Ba Dao to get ahead. Who knows, maybe because of his appearance, it would take away an important part of his army. This kind of feeling was so good!

When he thought of Daniu who had brought troops into the mountains, he started to worry that they had gotten into a conflict with the barbarians and that it might affect his plan. Hence he decided to personally visit Qiushui Village.

He told his itinerary to the 3 directors and told them not to worry. Then he rode Black Tornado to the barracks. To be safe, he wanted to bring along the infantry squadron and Military Intelligence Division. As for the cavalry squadron, it couldn't be used in jungle warfare and was useless.

The group of them rushed to the harbor and sat on boats to rush over to the opposite harbor. On the way there, Zhao Sihu excitedly asked, "Sire, are we going to fight?"

Ouyang Shuo shook his head, "Bringing you all there is to act as a threat but no picking fights."

"Oh!" Upon hearing that they were only going to be cheerleaders, he seemed very disappointed.

When they rushed to Qiushui Village, Zhao Dexian had already received the news and led the main officials of the village to receive them. This was the first time he had come so he took the chance to understand the details about the village, their plans, and their problems and answer them one by one. Seeing how their lord cared so much, all the villagers were delighted.

After the easy welcoming ritual, Ouyang Shuo led his troops into Qiushui Village's barracks. As the situation wasn't clear, he couldn't take action carelessly. He could only tell the infantry squadron to wait for orders and the Military Intelligence Division to track and find information about the barbarians.

Before they left, he specifically told the spy that if he caught up to the village protection squad, and they hadn't engaged, to orderengaged, to order them to return. If conflicts had occurred, he had to bring kind intentions to prevent it from worsening.

After planning, Ouyang Shuo didn't slack and instead used the chance to tour the village. Qiushui village was already a grade 3 village, and its most important work was to reclaim more farmland. They wanted to rush to reclaim 20,000 mu of land before the Qingming festival.

The arrangement of Qiushui Village was the reprint of Shanhai Village. Even the harbor and wharfs were symmetrical to that of Shanhai Village's. They were like twin stars guarding the entrance to the canyon.

Of course, it relied on the population from Shanhai Town to increase its grade quickly. Similarly to Shanhai Village from before, its infrastructure was still lacking. Even Beihai Village that had upgraded to a grade 1 town still had the same problems.

The quality of people in the village wasn't sufficient to be placed in important positions. Luckily, Zhao Dexian was one of the earliest members of Shanhai Town and knew everything about its structure. With him controlling everything, the organizational structure of the place barely got set up.

Ouyang Shuo decided to use a dual-leadership mechanism. The head of the secondary base would be in charge and control everything. On the other side, Shanhai Town's various directors had more power than the directors and secretaries of the secondary bases, and could manage and instruct the various departments and divisions in the secondary base.

Out of the two, the decision lay in the hands of the head of the secondary base. When both sides had a conflict of ideas, the head would have the final say. If the directors of Shanhai Town definitely felt that a wrong decision was made, they could speak to Ouyang Shuo.

At the same time, to strengthen his control over the secondary base, Ouyang Shuo prepared two methods. The 1st was that every major decision had to be reported and approved by him. To do this he had to solve the communication problem and build a fast and efficient relay station system.

The 2nd method was the power to appoint the people in charge. In the secondary villages, the secretaries and directors were decided by him and the village chief could only recommend them.

After touring the village, he went back to the barracks. At 2PM in the afternoon, news finally spread back. The news brought back surprised and shocked him.

The scouts chased ahead and found their mountain stronghold but didn't find any traces of the village protection squad. At this time, San Gouzi made the decision to split the group into two.

The vice secretary Leng Qian led the elite men and infiltrated the mountain stronghold to collect information. San Gouzi and another group of men kidnapped a sentry to get information.

After grilling the sentry, San Gouzi had happiness but shock. Zhang Daniu was chased into a barbarian trap. As there was a difference in strength, he didn't fight back and had just surrendered.

San Gouzi remembered Ouyang Shuo's orders and sent the sentry back to the mountain stronghold with best regards from Shanhai Town, wanting to peacefully settle the hostage situation.

In such a high octane situation, the mountain stronghold replied. It said that they could return the hostages but that the lord of Shanhai Town had to personally go there.

After Zhang Daniu was captured, he purposely revealed information about Shanhai Town to the barbarians and told them that what they scouted was only an auxiliary village and the real town was on the opposite shore with a huge army.

After which the sentry was sent back to the mountain stronghold. Analyzing all the information he was fed, the leader of the barbarians decided to see Ouyang Shuo.



* * *





Chapter 80




Chapter 80: TWO Chapter 80: Mountain Barbarian (Part 1)

Chapter 80: Mountain Barbarian (Part 1)

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

Just as Ouyang Shuo wanted to discuss some things with Yingyu about the Business Division, the door suddenly opened. "Sire? A messenger from Qiushui Village came and has something to report!"

Ouyang Shuo was shocked, it seemed like something big happened. He rushed past the front yard and into his office, letting the messenger in.

The messenger was a teen who wore simple clothing and upon seeing Ouyang Shuo he bowed and said, "Sire, I have something urgent from Qiushui Village."

Ouyang Shuo received a message and opened it, his face instantly turned gloomy.

The letter was from the chief of Qiushui village, Zhao Dexian, and in it was written: Yesterday, when the farmers were working on some agricultural land at the bottom of the mountain, they found a stranger that was looking around and holding bad intentions. The farmers sent someone back to report and tried to capture the person but they weren't his match.

Both sides had a conflict which resulted in the farmers being injured. What was weird was those people didn't kill them.

When Zhang Daniu and his team rushed to support, they had already fled into the mountains and were nowhere to be seen. As it was already late and the village protection squad wasn't familiar with the environment, they didn't chase and instead arrange an elite soldier to follow their tracks.

This morning, Zhang Daniu led the squad and chased through the mountains. Zhao Dexian felt that something was amiss so he sent someone to report.

Based on the farmer's descriptions, they wrapped their heads with black cloth and they wore robes, their weapons were old and rusted, being simple spears. Based on these descriptions, Ouyang Shuo confirmed that these people were the barbarian tribes that lived in the mountains where Lianzhou Basin crossed with Lingnan.

During the Qing Dynasty, the people called the place beyond Changjiang as Yue. Lingnan was Nan Yue and Guangxi was Luo Yue. After the Qing dynasty, the term Luo Yue was used less and was replaced with Nan Man. Gaia followed history and placed these barbarians in the mountains and forest areas.

The mountains where Lingnan and Guangxi met had large numbers of barbarians. They were split into tribes and spread out all over the mountains. Every one of them was strong, muscular, and kept on reproducing. This and the fact that the environment was bad, food was a shortage and people were often starving to death, to survive they often attacked villages to obtain grain and food.

The Qiushui Village that Zhao Dexian was instructed to build had already aroused the interest of the barbarians who sent people to investigate.

Against these barbarians, Ouyang Shuo decided to take a soft approach. Although barbarians weren't good at production, but they were exceptional soldiers and were suitable to be heavy armored infantry. If he could persuade them to live in Shanhai town, it would have a huge benefit to them.

The barbarians who lived close to Lianzhou basin were descendants from Luo Yue. That year, the Qin emperor easily invaded the land, only facing difficulty when trying to invade Luo Yue. 300,000 troops against 10,000 Luo Yue troops, and he couldn't win.

In his past life, one of Lianzhou's 3 tyrants, Ba Dao, made u

se of the heavy armored infantry made up by barbarians to attack cities and sweep across the Lianzhou basin.

In this life, Ouyang Shuo didn't want Ba Dao to get ahead. Who knows, maybe because of his appearance, it would take away an important part of his army. This kind of feeling was so good!

When he thought of Daniu who had brought troops into the mountains, he started to worry that they had gotten into a conflict with the barbarians and that it might affect his plan. Hence he decided to personally visit Qiushui Village.

He told his itinerary to the 3 directors and told them not to worry. Then he rode Black Tornado to the barracks. To be safe, he wanted to bring along the infantry squadron and Military Intelligence Division. As for the cavalry squadron, it couldn't be used in jungle warfare and was useless.

The group of them rushed to the harbor and sat on boats to rush over to the opposite harbor. On the way there, Zhao Sihu excitedly asked, "Sire, are we going to fight?"

Ouyang Shuo shook his head, "Bringing you all there is to act as a threat but no picking fights."

"Oh!" Upon hearing that they were only going to be cheerleaders, he seemed very disappointed.

When they rushed to Qiushui Village, Zhao Dexian had already received the news and led the main officials of the village to receive them. This was the first time he had come so he took the chance to understand the details about the village, their plans, and their problems and answer them one by one. Seeing how their lord cared so much, all the villagers were delighted.

After the easy welcoming ritual, Ouyang Shuo led his troops into Qiushui Village's barracks. As the situation wasn't clear, he couldn't take action carelessly. He could only tell the infantry squadron to wait for orders and the Military Intelligence Division to track and find information about the barbarians.

Before they left, he specifically told the spy that if he caught up to the village protection squad, and they hadn't engaged, to order them to return. If conflicts had occurred, he had to bring kind intentions to prevent it from worsening.

After planning, Ouyang Shuo didn't slack and instead used the chance to tour the village. Qiushui village was already a grade 3 village, and its most important work was to reclaim more farmland. They wanted to rush to reclaim 20,000 mu of land before the Qingming festival.

The arrangement of Qiushui Village was the reprint of Shanhai Village. Even the harbor and wharfs were symmetrical to that of Shanhai Village's. They were like twin stars guarding the entrance to the canyon.

Of course, it relied on the population from Shanhai Town to increase its grade quickly. Similarly to Shanhai Village from before, its infrastructure was still lacking. Even Beihai Village that had upgraded to a grade 1 town still had the same problems.

The quality of people in the village wasn't sufficient to be placed in important positions. Luckily, Zhao Dexian was one of the earliest members of Shanhai Town and knew everything about its structure. With him controlling everything, the organizational structure of the place barely got set up.

Ouyang Shuo decided to use a dual-leadership mechanism. The head of the secondary base would be in charge and control everything. On the other side, Shanhai Town's various directors had more power than the directors and secretaries of the secondary bases, and could manage and instruct the various departments and divisions in the secondary base.

Out of the two, the decision lay in the hands of the head of the secondary base. When both sides had a conflict of ideas, the head would have the final say. If the directors of Shanhai Town definitely felt that a wrong decision was made, they could speak to Ouyang Shuo.

At the same time, to strengthen his control over the secondary base, Ouyang Shuo prepared two methods. The 1st was that every major decision had to be reported and approved by him. To do this he had to solve the communication problem and build a fast and efficient relay station system.

The 2nd method was the power to appoint the people in charge. In the secondary villages, the secretaries and directors were decided by him and the village chief could only recommend them.

After touring the village, he went back to the barracks. At 2PM in the afternoon, news finally spread back. The news brought back surprised and shocked him.

The scouts chased ahead and found their mountain stronghold but didn't find any traces of the village protection squad. At this time, San Gouzi made the decision to split the group into two.

The vice secretary Leng Qian led the elite men and infiltrated the mountain stronghold to collect information. San Gouzi and another group of men kidnapped a sentry to get information.

After grilling the sentry, San Gouzi had happiness but shock. Zhang Daniu was chased into a barbarian trap. As there was a difference in strength, he didn't fight back and had just surrendered.

San Gouzi remembered Ouyang Shuo's orders and sent the sentry back to the mountain stronghold with best regards from Shanhai Town, wanting to peacefully settle the hostage situation.

In such a high octane situation, the mountain stronghold replied. It said that they could return the hostages but that the lord of Shanhai Town had to personally go there.

After Zhang Daniu was captured, he purposely revealed information about Shanhai Town to the barbarians and told them that what they scouted was only an auxiliary village and the real town was on the opposite shore with a huge army.

After which the sentry was sent back to the mountain stronghold. Analyzing all the information he was fed, the leader of the barbarians decided to see Ouyang Shuo.



* * *





Chapter 81




Chapter 81 - Mountain Barbarian (Part 2)

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Levs

Since the leader of the mountain barbarians wanted him to personally visit the mountain stronghold, Ouyang Shuo obviously wouldn't refuse. That courage and confidence was something that he had. But obviously he would not walk alone ahead stupidly either.

The next day, Ouyang Shuo led the infantry squadron and under the directions from the spy, they made their way to the mountain stronghold. From the barracks, across the plains, they made it into the forest in less than half an hour.

After entering, the speed of the soldiers had a drastic decrease, there were broken twigs and dead leaves everywhere, vines covered their vision and it was very difficult to move forward. Ouyang Shuo had to get down his horse and walk. Luckily the guide had good experience and left markings on the way so that they wouldn't get lost.

After walking for two hours, the front scout reported that the mountain stronghold was two miles away. Ouyang Shuo ordered his troops to rest up and replenish and to patiently wait.

In 20 minutes, Leng Qian's team reached their location. As for San Gouzi's group, they were monitored by the mountain barbarians and it wasn't convenient to meet.

Leng Qian reported what they had found out about the barbarians, "The whole mountain stronghold had about 3 thousand of them, mostly young and strong. As they live in the deep mountains, they don't have a very long lifespans and many don't live past 40, the chances of children surviving are also very little thus their average lifespan is 25 years old. They rely on hunting to survive and occasionally pick fruits to eat. Their leader is usually the hunting captain and is usually their strongest hunter. The mountain stronghold also has shamans who are well versed in medicinal arts and are the old and wise ones, holding a lot of power too."

"The whole region is covered by at least 100 tribes. Between tribes are hunting grounds that are divided. The tribe we are meeting is called Xuanniao Tribe and their tribe animal is the Xuan bird, it can only be considered a medium-sized tribe. I heard that deep in the mountains there are large tribes with tens of thousands of barbarians. The leader is called Shi Xiong and got famous because he hunted a black bear. The shaman doesn't have a name and is called the great shaman."

Ouyang Shuo listened intently, Leng Qian's intelligence report did not let him down. In just one day, he had managed to find out so many things.

"Let's go, let's meet this Xuanniao tribe."

In less than half an hour, they were able to reach near the mountain stronghold. Seeing the group of men, the sentries shouted, "Who are you, report your name."

"I'm the lord of Shanhai Town and was invited by your leader." Ouyang Shuo replied loudly.

The sentry had a small commotion, only to see one of the sentries who had a small black bird which stopped on his shoulder. He said a few words to the bird and it flew away, deep into the mountain stronghold.

Seeing the situation, Ouyang Shuo helplessly shook his head. No wonder Zhang Daniu was ambushed. The tribe had such a scouting device, they were bound to lose. That little black bird not only recognised the way but it also understood human speech. He guessed that the bird was a descendant of the Xuan bird.

After 15 minutes, the bird flew back, chirping away to the sentry. Apart from that one sentry, the rest of them probably didn't understand anything.

"The leader says that the Shanhai town lord can only bring two men to follow him. As for the rest, they have to wait outside the mountain stronghold."

"How can we do that? We need to protect sire's safety." Zhao Sihu couldn't resist and shouted.

"This is what the leader said, you have to follow it." The sentry said.

Zhao Sihu wanted to argue but Ouyang Shuo stopped him, smiling, "Since that's the case, captain Zhao and Wang Feng will follow me!"

Wang Feng was the eldest disciple of Lin Yue and was the sergeant of the first squad.

"Sire, this is too dangerous. Why don’t we just break into the stronghold." Zhao Sihu obviously didn't trust them.

"That's right sire, this is really too dangerous." Leng Qian tried to persuade him.

"There's no need to persuade me. I believe that their leader isn't a reckless person. The barbarians are often prideful and if they wanted to attack us they already did."

Seeing that they couldn't persuade him, everyone just had to accept it. Leng Qian turned around and shouted to the sentry, "You guys listen up, if anything happens to our sire, the Shanhai Town will trample all over you."

The sentry snorted coldly upon hearing his threats and didn't reply.

Ouyang Shuo didn't bother and brought Zhao Sihu and Wang Feng, following the sentry into the mountain stronghold. When they entered, the sentry went back to his post and another barbarian took over.

Along the way, Ouyang Shuo managed to see the beauty of the mountain stronghold, chatting with the two about it. The stronghold had its unique points, it was simple, sturdy and roughly built. The passerby barbarians, upon seeing these few visitors still laughing and talking at such a time, showed respect to them, no wonder they were able to receive the leader's invitation.

Shi Xiong brought the important members of the tribe to welcome them at the meeting room.

"Guests from afar, welcome to Xuanniao Tribe!" Shi Xiong announced loudly.

Ouyang Shuo smiled and exclaimed, "Many thanks to leader for your invitation, allowing me to view the barbarian tribes’ sights."

Shi Xiong's face relaxed and warmly said, "Please enter!"

"Please enter!" Ouyang Shuo followed behind him and into the meeting room.

After the two of them sat down, Shi Xiong cut to the chase and said, "Shanhai town lord, yesterday your men said that they wanted to work together with our tribe, what are the details?"

"Respected leader, I came to make friends. It does not matter whether if the cooperation is successful, Shanhai Town will give you 100 thousand units of grain for free." Ouyang Shuo dangled a carrot in front of them.

When he said those words, Shi Xiong was obviously ruffled. 100 thousand units of grain could feed them for 3 months. Such generosity immediately made them see him in a positive light and their animosity towards them dropped.

Shi Xiong was shocked but as the leader he didn't lose his demeanour. "Thank you for your gift, our tribe is thankful."

"The cooperation has 3 conditions. First, your tribe goes down hill and live in Qiushui village. Second, your tribe can choose your warriors to work in Shanhai Town army and we will pay them salary. Lastly, your tribe will help us mine minerals and stone and we will pay you salary." Ouyang Shuo tossed out 3 methods.

"Our tribe has been staying here for so long, to go down the mountain to live there is hard to do." Shi Xiong declined the first method.

Ouyang Shuo nodded his head as this was totally what he expected. If there wasn't a suitable opportunity, it was impossible to get them out of the forest and into the plains.

"How much is their salary for serving in the army?" Shi Xiong asked.

Ouyang Shuo relaxed as the big fish had bit the bait, "Normal soldiers will be given salary based on their rank. Converting it to grains, 10 units at the least and 90 units at most. Based on the standards of your units, I'll say 50 units of grain."

Shi Xiong nodded his head and didn't show any expression, following on by asking, "As for the third method, can the lord please elaborate."

"Naturally. Based on my knowledge, this area has silver and gold deposits and many rare ores. If your tribe can find these ores then Shanhai Town will pay you grain as compensation. Ouyang Shuo knew that in his past life Ba Dao had found a gold mine through the mountain barbarians.

"Please sit for a while, we need to discuss this." After saying that, Shi Xiong arranged for the members of the tribe to stay in the room with them and he himself went to the backyard.

The great shaman was at the backyard, such a big decision couldn't be made only by Shi Xiong and he had to ask the great shaman.

After listening to Shi Xiong's message, she remained silent. After a long while she said, "This lord is a smart person. 3 months ago the Xuan Bird told me that not long ago, people will come from outside with daggers and mine the wilderness. These men are either our chance at prosperity or what causes us to die."

"Since that's the case, let's chase them out!" Shi Xiong said.

"We can't be so reckless. This lord came with sincerity and he might be able to help us out of our bad situation. We can send people to join their army. As for the ores, we must search for them quickly to solve our food problem."

"Yes! Great shaman, how many soldiers should be arranged?"

"The first batch of soldiers can't be too many but we must choose our best. Let's just choose 200. Shi Hu is fast thinking and courageous, let's send him for some training."

Ouyang Shuo had purposely mentioned that their salary had to do with their skill level so as to not let the tribe send some lousy warriors to make up the number, it obviously worked.

"I'll follow your orders!" Shi Xiong said excitedly. Shi Hu’s ability was at the top of the hunting team and was also the one with the biggest threat to him. Now that the great shaman had sent him away, he was naturally happy.



* * *





Chapter 82




Chapter 82 - Mixed Unit



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun



After Shi Xiong left, Shi Hu, who was just mentioned, walked out and said respectfully, "Great shaman, you arranged me to go to Shanhai Town, do you have any other orders?"

"Shi Hu, don't overthink it. When you go there, you must treat yourself as a part of it. You must be loyal to your lord. I have a feeling that this lord will be the ruler of the entire Lianzhou Basin. This is an opportunity for our people." The great shaman did in fact kept some things away from Shi Xiong.

"Shi Xiong is too conservative that it hinders progress. You are different. You are smart and adaptive. This time, going to Shanhai Town is an opportunity. Do you understand?" The great shaman said.

"I understand!" Shi Hu nodded his head.

"That's good. Go make your preparations, pick your best warrior, and don't lose the honor of Xuanniao tribe."

"Yes!" Shi Hu turned around and left.



In the front yard meeting room, Shi Xiong told Ouyang Shuo the decision of the great shaman. Upon hearing the decision, Ouyang Shuo was very pleased; the results of the cooperation had exceeded what he had expected.

"Big leader, let's have a good cooperation!" Ouyang Shuo laughed.

"Good cooperation!" After agreeing to cooperate, Shi Xiong released Zhang Daniu and the other men.

After being locked up for the day, the village protection squad had undergone some hardship and were dirty beyond belief. They looked nothing like members of Shanhai Town army. All of them were embarrassed when they saw Ouyang Shuo.

Zhang Daniu led the squad and kneeled down. "I made a mistake, ruining the name of Shanhai Town, sire please punish me!"

The other members of the village protection squad echoed, "Sire, punish us!"

For this village protection squad, Ouyang Shuo didn't have anything good to say, coldly saying, "Get up, you still haven't lost enough face? I'll deal with you all later."

"Yes!" Under Zhang Daniu's lead, they all backed out of the mountain stronghold and gathered with the infantry squadron outside.

As it was already close to noon, Ouyang Shuo accepted Shi Xiong's invitation to stay for lunch. As compared to Shanhai Town, the food here obviously couldn't compare. But eating smoked meat, pickled vegetables, wild animals, and various bugs had a different kind of flavor.

After lunch, the selection of the 200 warriors had also been completed. Sihu led them and lined up at the mountain stronghold square. As they knew that these warriors were going far away, their family members all came out to send them. Regardless of the one being sent or the one sending, everyone had a sad expression on their face. The leader said that the family members of the warriors would have priority for food and to them, nothing was more important than food.

"Sire, Shi Hu has gathered 200 warriors, please take a look!" Seeing Ouyang Shuo, Shi Hu said loudly.

Ouyang Shuo nodded his head, instantly having a good impression of this little mountain barbarian. "Brother Shi it has been tough, this trip to Shanhai Town, I promise it won’t disappoint any of you."

Before leaving, the leader Shi Xiong brought out a wooden box and ran over, "The great shaman couldn’t send you all off because of her health, so she ordered me to bring this for lord."

"Thank you for her gift, hopefully there will be another chance for me to see her."Ouyang Shuo laughed and said as he received the box.

"Ok, I will tell her what you said."

"Goodbye!" Ouyang Shuo did not waste any more time and said goodbye to the leader before leaving. After meeting with the squadron which was gathered outside the mountain stronghold, he ordered everyone to rush back to Shanhai Town.



At 4 PM in the afternoon, they returned to Qiushui Village. When the village chief Zhao Dexian saw them return, he heaved a sigh of relief.

Ouyang Shuo's first action upon returning was to announce the punishment of the village protection squad: Zhang Daniu had a half year penalty, the sergeants 3 months, and all the soldiers 1 month.

"As what they say: Every mistake is a learning opportunity. Hopefully you will learn your mistake and train hard to change class and protect Qiushui Village well."

"We won’t let sire down!" After this failure, the village protection squad was more motivated to prove themselves.

Ouyang Shuo did not have plans for them to rest and ordered Zhang Daniu to search for raiders around the village. If they find them, they couldn’t hold back, and if they found a giant raiders camp, they must call for help from Shanhai Town.

Originally, Zhang Daniu had expected to be fired and didn’t expect that Ouyang Shuo would let him off so lightly. He still trusted him so much and that caused him to be very grateful.

Settling the issue with the village protection squad, Ouyang Shuo spent 100 gold at the intermediate market at Qiushui Village and bought 10,000 units of grains. According to their agreement, Xuanniao tribe will send people down to collect these.

Seeing that Ouyang Shuo had kept his promise, Shi Hu and the other men became more relaxed. These grains would help solve the problem in the tribe and their families would not need to starve.



After which, Ouyang Shuo brought his troops back to Shanhai Town. Before leaving, he left Zhao Dexian with 50 gold to use to let the village protection squad undergo a class change.

Fan Zhongyan had brought all the officials and had waited for Ouyang Shuo. After meeting, he laughed and said," The two days that sire had left, the territory felt like it lost its spine. Finally you returned."

"Haha, with you covering, I have no worries." On the way back Ouyang Shuo told the three directors about the deal with Xuanniao tribe. Following which he said to Tian Wenjing, "As for the precious ore agreement, I will need the director to handle it. We can think about sending a few miners over to their tribe and help them out. In this aspect we are a bit more professional!"

Tian Wenjing nodded his head," Don’t worry sire, I will get this done!"

After returning to Shanhai Town, Ouyang Shuo let everyone go their own way, he brought the unit back to the barracks, changing the class of the mountain barbarians to infantry. The high-rank class change chamber no longer needed to go through the militia class change face and could directly class change to soldier.

After the class change, Ouyang Shuo only had 75 gold left, becoming a poor man once again. He took the chance to convene a meeting with everyone that was a lieutenant and above. "I will first announce a few personnel changes. Shi Hu will be the deputy captain of the 2nd squadron, and Wang Feng will be the deputy captain of the 3rd infantry squadron.

Shi Hu and Wang Feng stepped out and shouted, "Thank you sire, we won’t let you down."

As the representative of the mountain barbarians, Shi Hu's promotion was to be expected. However, Wang Feng, who was promoted to sergeant when he entered, now after a few days was promoted to deputy captain. This wasn’t that Ouyang Shuo was being biased but as the disciple of Lin Yue, he did have that ability.

Ouyang Shuo could also imagine that once Wang Feng became a basic rank general, he would be stronger than Zhao Sihu. Wang Feng had obtained the real Bajiquan. Definitely, martial arts was only a small part of being a leader, but one must admit that it added extra points.

"The two squadron sergeants will be recommended by the captains and approved by General Shi." With regards to the sergeants, Ouyang Shuo hadn’t been bothered by it. Last time when he’d arranged Lin Yue's 5 disciples to the infantry was a special situation.

"We understand!"

"Hu Yibiao!"

"Present!"

"You are to be promoted to infantry 1st squadron captain!" Hu Yibiao was a 25 year old who’d performed exceptionally in the water stronghold battle. This was considered a late reward.

"Thank you sire, I won’t let you down."

After settling the infantry, Ouyang Shuo was going to deal with the cavalry.

"Li Mingliang!"

"Present!"

"I order you to be in charge of forming the second cavalry squadron. When funds are enough, change your class straight away.”

"Yes sire!"

As one of the earliest sergeants, Li Mingliang's ability was unquestioned, and asking him to build the second cavalry squadron was the same as appointing him as the captain of the squadron.

"Liao Kai!"

"Present!"

"You are the vice captain of the first cavalry squadron and lieutenant of the first platoon!" As the second generation sergeant similar to Zhou Feng, Liao Kai's promotion was to be expected.

"Thank you sire, I won’t let you down."

"Ge Liang!"

"Present!"

"You are the first squadron second platoon lieutenant!" Ge Liang was similar to Hu Yibiao, and had performed well in the water stronghold battle.

The six people who were promoted were all elite soldiers which had not changed class. They needed to change class to basic rank general, which would solve the current Shanhai Town general shortage.



After settling the issues with the cavalry, Ouyang Shuo tossed out one last bomb. "The above 3 infantry squadrons and the 2 cavalry squadrons will act as the foundation for the establishment of Shanhai Town's infantry-cavalry Mixed unit, General Shi will be the major in charge.”

General Shi had finally walked out of the dark shadow of the raider camp failure, obtaining Ouyang Shuo's trust once again and leading the strongest military force in Shanhai Town, he said emotionally, "Thank you sire for your trust!"

Following the rules that he had set, and to maintain the normal running of the territory, the number of militants could not exceed a tenth of the territory population. This is to say that at the grade 2 town, one unit was already the max and the military would not be expanded.

As the Lianzhou basin was a flatland, it was more suited for a large-scale army battle. The current arrangement was just a power play. In the end, they still would need to build an infantry unit and a cavalry unit.



* * *





Chapter 83




Chapter 83 - Spring Assault

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Levs

After completing the change of the military, Ouyang Shuo tossed out a large scale military plan. This plan was what he had thought of after being forced slowly into a corner by the six tyrants of Handan.

The appearance of the mountain barbarians allowed this plan to work out earlier.

If Shanhai Town wanted to protect its lead, he needed to make use of this advantage. Since he had already built such a strong mixed camp, he naturally couldn't let them be cooped up in the barracks.

Ouyang Shuo looked at the group of leaders and said," I have a plan, let's temporarily call it the Spring Assault. Let's discuss and perfect it, everyone can raise their views. The plan was split into 3 steps. The first is the reorganisation of the military and raising of military strength. The second is to clean out all the raider camps in the territory. The third would be to go out of the territory and act as bandits. The objective of the spring offensive would be to improve the coordination of the army and also to amass a large fortune.”

The various leaders were obviously interested in this plan and asked eagerly, "Sire, can you elaborate more?"

Ouyang Shuo nodded his head and said, "Today is the 9th of March and to upgrade to a grade 3 town, we have approximately one month. We should make use of this time limit as a clock to reorganise the military and train it. How long do you think it will take to form proper military strength?"

General Shi thought for awhile and said, "Out of the Mixed unit’s five squadrons, the first cavalry squadron was the earliest one that was set up. The second cavalry squadron had not been set up and the process from recruiting to class changing will take 5 days. The 3 infantry squadrons all have a certain amount of battle experience. What I'm afraid of is that the mountain barbarians in the 2nd and 3rd squadrons are too used to forest warfare and aren't used to plain warfare. They also need to get used to military life and added with the language barrier, I think we need 1 week to sharpen them.

General Shi's analysis was mostly correct, only that it wasn't an all round analysis. Ouyang Shuo reminded, "General, don't forget that there's still the coordination between the different types of soldiers. We still need to liaise with the navy in Beihai Town. This spring offensive needs to make use of all our military power. If there's a need, the navy and the village protection squad from Qiushui village can join in. Against water bandits, the Beihai Town navy could be of greatest use.”

"Sire's reminder is correct!" General Shi said with remorse.

Ouyang Shuo said, "Hence, I will give the army 10 days to sharpen. In these 10 days, you must complete 2 things."

"Sire please tell!"

"The first thing was the money needed for the class change of the cavalry squadron. I'll tell you all something, the territory has no more money and we need you guys to think of your own ideas. No money and no food, go look for raiders. This thing will be done by the infantry and cavalry first squadron." Ouyang Shuo looked at Lin Yi and Zhao Sihu.

"Sire don't worry, we will complete the mission!" The two of them stood up and said loudly.

Ouyang Shuo nodded his head and turned to the Military Intelligence Division's San Gouzi and Leng Qian, "The second thing, we need to do a good intelligence gathering job. To strengthen the division, I'll expand the division to 50 people. You are in charge of the selection and training of the men."

"Yes!" The two of them said excitedly.

"Apart from that, let Lei Xun continue following the Qingfu horses." Ouyang Shuo added. Leixun was another go-getter in the division, and in this period of time, he had been coordinating with the Material Reserves Department at the opposite shore and catching Qingfu horses.

San Gouzi nodded his head to represent that he understood.

"The second step which are the bandits in the area, I don't need to say anything more. I will only give you a month, do you have confidence to complete this mission?" Ouyang Shuo said loudly.

"Yes!"

"Very good, the next and last step is the most important one which is being bandits out of our area. As opposed to inside our area, this is much more difficult. You must make sufficient preparation and I hope that when the time comes, not only will we gain anything, we will also not cause ourselves harm.."

This step was a more dangerous and advanced method. The reason why he made such a decision was in hope that they would quickly adapt to close combat and gain experience. As for the monetary rewards, they were secondary.

The leaders all agreed and were determined to win this battle.

"You have 2 weeks of time, whatever you gain, I can't wait to see." Lastly, Ouyang Shuo said.

"Sire don't worry, we will complete the mission!"



After returning from the barracks, it was already 6pm at night and Ouyang Shuo returned to the barracks and went offline.

Getting out of the game cabin and looking at his phone, there were two calls from Song Jia. This made him realise that he had forgotten to set the alert function in the game cabin.

At noon, Ouyang Shuo took time to call Song Jia, "Beautiful, sorry I didn't pick your call yesterday."

On the other end of the call, Song Jia was sitting on a sofa in her living room, "Busy man, what have you been so busy with, not even picking up a phone call."

"Cough, I'm a gamer with no job. Oh ya, that call yesterday, did you have anything important?"

"What, I can't call you if I have nothing?"

"No, you know I didn't mean it like that." Ouyang Shuo acted pitiful.

Seeing his pitiful look, Song Jia's mood turned for the better and said, "Forget it. Let me ask you something, have you heard of a game called Earth Online?" Talking about this game, Song Jia's expression became nervous and she was hesitating when she talked.

Ouyang Shuo was shocked. The incident about Sun Xiaoyue’s grandfather alerted him that the secret truth behind Earth Online was starting to spread to the smaller powers. Listening to the words of Song Jia, he was now 100 percent sure. Song Jia was from a powerful family in Lingnan so her knowing was not surprising.

However, how could he explain to her. Song Jia should have only gotten the news and the moment she did, she didn’t care about her family's demand to keep it a secret and told him immediately. If he wasn’t touched he was definitely lying.

Song Jia saw that Ouyang Shuo's face in the video had become unsettled and asked, "So have you heard about it?"

"Yes, but only a bit. I also joined in the beta test." Ouyang Shuo decided to tell a lie.

Song Jia relaxed, this wouldn’t be counted as leaking a secret. She judged Ouyang Shuo and teased him, "I didn’t expect you to be hiding so much, what is your id? I’ll add you and we can play together."

It seems like he couldn’t escape that question. The good thing was that he had thought of a good reply and said, "I signed a non-disclosure so my ID can’t be told to anyone. However, if you have any questions, you can give me a call and I will answer them."

Everything that had to do with the beta test was highly confidential information. Song Jia wouldn’t know that the non-disclosure agreement was only during the beta test and it didn’t prohibit him from telling his ID. This was just his excuse and one day in the future he would explain it to her.

Song Jia believed him and said cutely, "Oh, I wanted to play together with you."

"What occupation do you play?"

"I play a chivalrous expert. I want to be a female chivalrous expert, to be righteous, maintaining law and order, stealing from the rich and giving to the poor. Such a carefree life." One couldn’t tell that the demure Song Jia would actually have such adventurous spirit.

That’s true, being born in a rich family and with a silver spoon, one wouldn’t have much freedom. The restrictions on her life would be too much so the game would be a chance to release herself.

People like Song Jia faced the problem positively. There were many other people who looked honest and lived a life which was very routine and orderly, but in the game, there was no more morals and law, they liked to do bad things, showing how twisted their minds were.

Of course the authorities in the game weren’t useless and if the player broke the law, they would jail him.

"I couldn’t tell that our big beauty had such a huge burden. How about this, tell me your ID and i’ll prepare a gift for you in game." Ouyang Shuo laughed and said.

"That’s more like it, I’m near broke in the game, not having enough money to learn basic swordsmanship. You are a beta player so please fund me." Song Jia didn’t decline his offer and smiled, "Remember, my ID is Jiaqi Rumeng."

The number 4 beauty in the top 10 beauties in his last life, wasn’t she Jiaqi Rumeng? She was the only chivalrous expert in the top 10, gaining her many fans.

This was really a case of coincidence. After meeting his little aunt Snow Rose, Ouyang Shuo now had another famous buddy in the game. In his last life, it was such a sad case that he had missed both of them.



* * *





Chapter 84




Chapter 84 - Colored Silkworm

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

When Ouyang Shuo went online the next day, he thought of the gift that the Xuanniao tribe had given him. He had not opened it and had asked Wang Feng to place it in his office.

Walking into his office, that wooden box was unsurprisingly on his table. He opened the box and inside, there were actually 30 odd colorful silkworms lying on thick layers of leaves. The silkworms were vibrant colored. There were gold, purple, blue, orange, red and green colored worms. Each color had at least 2 silkworms.

This was a really special gift. These mutated silkworms could only appear in the deep mountains and being obtained by the mountain barbarians by luck could be considered a gift from nature.

Seeing these colorful silkworms, Ouyang Shuo thought of the Silkworm Breeding Technology that he had gotten during the siege of beasts. Now he could finally use it.

Not only that, with these colorful silkworms, the mulberry garden, textile mill, and garment workshop, he had a chain of production from silk to garment. Based on economists, this could be said to be an industrial chain.

Knowing how valuable the gift was, Ouyang Shuo wiped cold sweat off his forehead. In his heart, he blamed Shi Xiong for being too bold and not telling him what was inside the box.

If Ouyang Shuo wasn’t courteous and ask his men to take the gift in his stead, he might have placed it in his storage bag , these cute silkworm babies would have all died. Thankfully Wang Feng was meticulous and even after crossing the mountains and forests, those babies were still ok.

Ouyang Shuo couldn’t sit still and called for Mu Qingsi and the others into the meeting hall. Those attending the meeting, apart from the 3 directors, was the agriculture secretary Sun Yannong, resource secretary Du Xiaolan, mulberry garden manager Zhao Youde, textile mill manager Yingcui and the garment workshop manager Wu Ni.



Seeing such a big lineup, Zhao Youde and the other two, for whom this was their first time entering the lord's manor, felt perturbed. Zhao Youde was a little better off as he was one of the first 10 people in Shanhai Village from Zhao Village, as was his brother Zhao Youcai. For the past period of time there was no use for their talents. Now of the two brothers, one managed the mulberry garden, and the other managed the fruit farm.

The factory manager of the textile mill Yingcui was a 23 year old female and an advanced weaver. The manager of the garment workshop Wuni was a 25 year old female, intermediate tailor and was Mu Qingsi's main working partner.

Ouyang Shuo sat at the head chair and glanced at the 10 odd people in the meeting, where there were actually 5 women. No wonder how some people said that in Shanhai Town, women could manage half the sky.

"Big brother, why did you call us here this time?" In this kind of atmosphere, no one dared to casually talk to Ouyang Shuo, only that little brat Qing'er.

Ouyang Shuo didn’t bother about her, opening the wooden box and smiled, "Take a look. What is this?"

"Ya, such cute baby silkworms. But, why are they so colorful? Qing'er remembered that they should be white!" Qing'er said and pointed at the baby silkworms.

Listening to her words, everyone else became very curious, and crowded around to take a look.

"Is this the colored silkworms of legends? I only read of them in old records but didn’t expect them to really exist." Out of all these people Yingcui was most familiar with this, and thus had a little understanding.

"These colored silkworms, are the silk that they spit out really colorful?" Yingyu who had a business eye saw the value of these colored silkworms, asking eagerly.

"Colored silkworms spit out colored silk, but how it works I am not sure." Yingcui said with uncertainty, after all they only existed in legends and no one have seen them before.

"I can confirm that they do indeed spit out colored silk of the same color as their body." Ouyang Shuo said confidently.

Yingyu's eyes brightened, filled with thoughts.



After he waited for everyone to sit, Ouyang Shuo opened his mouth and said, "I'm sure you have heard just now that the silkworms in the box are the coloured silkworms of legends. Coincidentally we also have a silkworm technical manual. With this and the already built mulberry garden, the Shanhai Town has all the requirements to produce and grow coloured silkworms. The coloured silkworm will be listed as a strategic resource and managed by both the Agriculture and Resource Divisions. We must keep it a secret and ensure that the silkworm eggs aren't spread outside."

"If nothing goes wrong, the natural coloured silk from the silkworms will become our specialty, and hence we must ensure that only we produce it. The textile mill will also be listed as a government entity and prohibited from privatisation, managed directly by the territory."

Everyone nodded their heads, only Qing'er worriedly said, "Big Brother, you called Sister Wu Ni and I here, is it to take our garment workshop for the territory to manage?"

This money grubber, Ouyang Shuo really couldn't handle her. Even Yingyu who sat at the side couldn't see this anymore and pulled her to the side, shoving her mouth shut and not letting her speak.

Ouyang Shuo impatiently said, "Why would I need your garment workshop? Everyone can see that the silk produced from the mulberry garden will be made into textiles by the mills, and then into garments by the workshop. This chain will involve many divisions. The mulberry garden is managed by the Agriculture Division, the silkworms by the Resource and Agriculture Divisions, and textile mills are under the charge of the Administration Department. The garment workshop is a private property. It is a very complicated matter."

"Sire's meaning is to build a specific department to be in charge of all of this?" Thinking about the Armoury division, Tian Wenjing hesitated before saying.

Ouyang Shuo shook his head and said, "No, if every industrial chain needed a new department, then what will it become? It would not make cooperation easier and instead create many organisational tumors. Regardless of organisational planning or political methods, it isn't logical.

"Then what is sire's intentions?" Tian Wenjing couldn't understand.

"My intention is that this thing need not be done by the government and can be used to show the people's power. More specifically we can create a textile association. Each step of the industrial chain will become a unit in the association. The president, vice president and secretary will make up the board of directors, who will be in charge of the only industrial chain." Ouyang Shuo didn't want to hide anything and as such revealed everything.

This was something new and refreshing. Everyone in the meeting realised the reason why they were called here, to set up the textile association.

After all, Yingyu had came out of a business family and had the most knowledge in such matters. "I agree with Big Brother. How will you arrange the people in the association?"

The others looked at Ouyang Shuo with concern. He did not let them down, saying directly, "For the first people in the board of directors, I will make the decision for you all. After the association works normally, you can pick internally. The board includes Mu Qingsi, Sun Yannong, Du Xiaolan, Zhao Youde, Yingcui, Wu Ni and the next manager of the silkworms. To put things simply, government officials like Du Xiaolan and Sun Yannong cannot join in the decision to pick the president, vice president and secretary.

Sun Yannong and Du Xiaolan nodded their heads to show that they understood. "The textile association president will be Yingcui, and Mu Qingsi will be the honourary president. The vice president will be Wu Ni, and the secretary will be the manager of the silkworms." Ouyang Shuo followed on by saying. Upon hearing that she would have such a great position that didn't need her to do anything, Qing'er felt delighted.

Yingcui was surprised that she would be pushed to be the president, and nervously said, "Sire, I'm afraid I can't do well."

"Factory manager Ying doesn't need to be overly modest. I trust you."

Yingcui nodded her head, not saying anything further.



None of the people expected that such a haphazardly placed together association would be of so much importance in future territorial economic activities.

After settling the issue with the textile association, Ouyang Shuo took time to visit the market to buy a gift for Song Jia. He opened the skill tab and bought basic swordsmanship, basic movement, basic internal strength and basic investigation, spending 1 gold in total. He went to the special goods section and searched for sword techniques. Ouyang Shuo shook his head as none of these sword techniques were real. He spent 50 gold to purchase a real technique, the Yue Nu Swordsmanship.

After returning, he went to the arsenal and took out the only gold-level exquisite iron sword that was plundered from the water stronghold and also the silver-level leather armor suit. Lastly, he sent all these items anonymously to Song Jia, spending 1 gold on mailing fees.

With all these things, Song Jia could be considered well armed. As long as she leveled up slowly, she would become a strong chivalrous expert and make up for the 2 month gap between her and the other players that had started the game earlier.



* * *





Chapter 85




Chapter 85: TWO Chapter 85- Surprise

Chapter 85: Surprise

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Levs

Outskirts of Quanzhou Region.

A bunch of teenagers were levelling up. The team consists of combat class jobs such as officers, chivalrous experts and government servants, in addition to supporting class jobs like healers and taoists, it was a typical leveling team.

Officers were much like the knights in the west, when they were not equipped with mounts, they could only walk on their legs like a warrior. Chivalrous experts were typical warriors, be it swordsmen or bladesmen, they were all close-combat experts. Government servants were a job that was filled with Chinese characteristics, they wield a water-fire stick1 and swung an iron chain.

While the healers did not have any skills that could instantly heal the patients, they were more like an army doctor centering on first aid. The Taoist too, was incapable of sorceries and had to use Fulu2 as the main means of attack, similar to the western wizards.

This group of people were dressed in the system gifted coarse linen clothes, in their hands held the cheapest ordinary weapons. The 5 of them could barely kill a level-3 ordinary wild dog, even so, it seemed really difficult. The group didn’t cooperate very well and often gotten themselves into dangerous positions. It was obvious they were a bunch of fresh rookies that just joined the game.

With great effort, the team finally killed the wild dog. The system assessed them based on their performance and contribution, and awarded them differently with a petty tens of experience points. The healer bandaged the wounded government servant while the Taoist went and collect the wild dog’s fur, they had a clear division of labor.

The leader of the team was a young officer 24-25 of age, he had a domineering and bossy look, he held the best weapon in the team, a bronze-level iron spear. With a bitter smile he said: “Oh my god, this idiot game is too real, even leveling is so strenuous, how long is this going to take for us to level up.”

“That’s right, I wonder when can big brother get a village creation token. I heard that when we have militants from the territory to help us, it will be much easier to level.” The beautiful young chivalrous expert said.

The two were the core of the whole team, the others were merely here to accompany them.

“How could it be that easy. We can only blame ourselves for entering the game too late, rumors said that the first 10,000 lord players could skip the Village Building Quest and directly obtain the village creation token. But now, we can only try our luck, praying that any one of the gold farming group have an extra village creation token for sale.” The young officer clearly did not have any expectations.

As the female chivalrous expert was about to reply, a burst of system notifications sounded in her ears.

“System notice: You have an anonymous parcel, do you wish to receive it?”

Anonymous parcel? Her heart skipped for a beat, she quickly glanced around making sure it was safe before she said: “Receive!”

There was a flash of bright white light and as it faded a huge parcel appeared on the ground, one couldn’t tell what it contained as it was fully wrapped in linen sackcloth. The female chivalrous expert had no intention to open it and directly put it in her storage bag.

“Who sent you a parcel, it looks like it contained a huge fortune in it?” The young officer was curious.

She randomly glanced at the items in her storage bag, and for a moment her face was filled with shock, but immediately she returned back to normal and acted as if nothing happened, with a calm voice she said: “Second brother, let’s go back to Quanzhou Region, it is not safe here.” Clearly she was very alert, they were in the middle of the wilderness, facing the risk of getting killed and robbed anytime, it

was simply not a good place to check the parcel.

“Alright, let’s return.” The young man understood his little sister very well, she always had a sense of propriety and she wouldn’t make irresponsible remarks. For her to make such decisions, the parcel must be unusually important.

The group of team returned back to Quanzhou Region. They had rented a quadrangle courtyard as their temporary staying place. There were all kinds of people coming in and out of the courtyard, a roughly estimation would be no fewer than 200 people.

“Second brother, third sister, what is it that brings you back to the courtyard so early?” An aged scholar about 27-28 years old stood in the courtyard, he asked curiously as he saw the group of teenagers that returned.

“Big brother, we will talk in the room.” The young officer answered.

“Alright!” The young scholar noticed the unusual atmosphere and he led his two siblings into the secret chamber.

“Little sister, take it out, show us what’s so mysterious about the parcel. I wonder what it contains, it must be some good stuff, show me, let me have a look.” As they entered the secret chamber, the young general became more casual and he said with a smile.

“Hmph, I bet it will blind your eyes, don’t get too jealous!” the female chivalrous expert too, loosened her restrains and she said naughtily. She took out the parcel from her storage bag and placed it on the table that was in the middle of the room.

“Hey, you underestimate your second brother!” The young officer stepped forward and opened the parcel. In the glimpse of an eye, a huge pile of items burst out of the parcel and laid before their eyes. There were skill books, secret manuals, weapons, armors and 10 gold.

The young officer was stunned as he gazed at the items, even the seemingly calm young scholar couldn’t help but to exclaim: “Little sister, who gave you all of these, how generous is this!?”

The young and beautiful female chivalrous expert was naturally Song Jia, her in-game name was Jiaqi Rumeng ,while the two young gentlemen in front of her were her blood-brothers, also the lead representative of Song Corporation in Earth Online. The two, one is a scholar and the other an officer, the big brother Song Wen chose to walk on the civil path of lord’s kingdom building, while the second brother Song Wu chose the military personal adventure mode.

The quadrangle courtyard was actually rented by the Song Corporation as a temporary base, the two hundred or over players were either members of the Song family itself or professional players they recruited in real life.

“Hihi, it’s a secret, don’t bother so much.” Song Jia said proudly.

Song Wu picked up the exquisite iron sword, and his saliva flowed down to the ground, he said enviously: “My god, this is a gold-level weapon. Only the leaders of the top ten mercenary groups have them, little sister you are only level 2, it will be a great waste if the weapon lies in your hands.”

“Hihi, second brother you are jealous of me!”

Song Wu then picked up the leather armor suit, and again he exclaimed: “Oh my god, silver-level armor suit, wuwu...I am only wearing linen coarse clothes.” He was badly hurt, in contrast to the equipment before his eyes, his equipment were like a beggar’s.

Song Jia stood beside and watched as her brother exclaiming over the items, her heart was filled with the sweetest honey, she was really satisfied with the presents Shuo prepared for her.

Song Wu placed his hands on the skill book Yue Nv Swordsmanship, he said calmly: “Second brother you are really blind, the value of this skill book is comparable to that of the gold-level exquisite iron sword. My preliminary estimation is that all of these items would cost at least 200 gold. Little sister, are you really not going to tell me anything?”

Even so, Song Wen was still as blind as Song Wu. In a year’s time, after Gaia exposed the truth behind the true and false secret manuals, a true skill book like Yue Nv Swordsmanship would cost an arm and a leg. Now, it was the only period that the true skill books and secret manuals were sold like vegetables on the Material Trading Platform, and even at such a low price, there were still little to none buyers. If only Ouyang Shuo had extra funds available, he would have went on a buying frenzy.

“What, they are so valuable!” Even though Song Jia wasn’t as sensitive as her brother Song Wen about the prices of goods, but she had a clear understanding on the rarity of gold. The market price of a copper was 2 credit points, 200 golds would then be translated into 4 million credit points, and that was if they were willing to sell off the gold.

Ouyang Shuo, Ouyang Shuo, what are you? Such an ordinary man in real life, yet you could afford to simply give away such expensive gifts. Saying that it was just a meeting gift for me to enter the game, that said, you must be extraordinary in game right.

“Little sister, little sister!”

“Ah? Ha? Big brother, sorry, I’m distracted.” Her face blushed red, “As for this friend, big brother don’t ask too much, I have promised to keep it a secret.”

“Alright then, I will not force you, as long as you are happy then everything will be fine.” Song Wen pampered his little sister very much, seeing her not willing to reveal the identity of the mystery sender, he didn’t continued on asking, after all, it wasn’t a bad thing.

“Thank you big brother!” Song Jia couldn’t restrain herself any longer, she picked up and learned the 4 skill books and Yue Nv Swordsmanship. Then she equipped herself with the leather armor suit and exquisite iron sword, she made a sword posture. Bright and brave, a figure of heroine was freeze-framed, with Song Wu drooling on the side.

“Ah, this Yue Nv Swordsmanship is really special, after I learnt it, every stance and every move filled my mind, it feels like as though it is real.” Song Jia questioningly said.

“Probably because the game is so real that you can’t differentiate nicely between the reality and virtual world.” Regarding the truth of the secret manuals, Song Wen knew nothing of it, that was why he could only came out with this conjecture.

“Oh!” Although she disagrees with her brother, but she did not care too much either. Song Jia picked up the 10 gold on the table, smiled and handed it to Song Wen: “Big brother, I will leave the gold with you.”

Song Wen was delighted with his little sister that was always thoughtful and sensible, he patted her head and said: “Since it was a gift from your friend, you should then keep it for yourself. These 10 gold, even if passed on to the family, still wouldn’t affect much to the overall situation. Furthermore, the repairing fees of your equipment are not cheap, you need to have some money with you. Your friend, he or she must be an attentive person to be able to give consideration to all these little details, that is why the 10 gold are included in the parcel.”

“Oh!” Song Jia did not think much, after listening to her brother’s analysis, she did not compel anymore. Who knew, that woodsy would be so attentive.

“However, if it is convenient, can you ask your friend whether if it is possible to get us a village creation token. Of course, we will acquire it at a high price.” Song Wen jokingly said lastly. The village creation token was the biggest problem he was facing right now, his hair almost turned completely white finding a way to get himself a village creation token. Without the token, it was impossible to establish a territory; without a territory, Song Corporation would not be able to take root in the game, and that was a form of failure.

“Alright, I will try and ask.” Song Jia was clear of her brother’s situation, she readily agreed to her brother’s request. Since that woodsy had said, just call him when there’s any problems.

“But, there’s no guarantee my friend can get it!” Song Jia said with a little uncertainly in the end.

“Yeah sure, I’m just sort of trying my luck, it’s best if there is, it is normal otherwise.” Obviously, Song Wen himself did not have any high hopes.



Water-fire stick1 (水火棍): An ancient weapon in Chinese history, used by government servants in the government courtroom. Half of the stick was painted in black and the other half in red. In the Chinese 5 elements, black is the representative color of Water; red is the representative color of Fire. As fire and water does not mix together, the stick itself denotes that: In the courtroom, The law does not have any room for personal considerations.

Fulu2 (符籙): Supernatural talisman with various functions drawn or written by Taoists.



* * *





Chapter 86




Chapter 86: Territory Upgrade

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

Ouyang Shuo knew little of the discussions among the 3 Song siblings that was aroused by the seemingly ordinary gifts he’d sent to Song Jia. That was the difference in strength that caused their different point of views.

At 2 PM in the afternoon, Ouyang Shuo led his 3 directors to the city wall. After a month’s time, the main structure of the city wall was finally completed. The rest were the ancillary facilities’ construction of the city gate tower, arrow towers, turrets and the drawbridge. 9 meters high and 5 meters wide, the stone-made city wall looked magnificent, giving off an immense sense of safety to those that laid eyes on it.

As he climbed to the top of the northern city wall, he looked around. Every square inch of land, every drop of water; the plains, the mountains, the rivers... Everything that came into his sight belonged to Shanhai Town. Ouyang Shuo became broad-minded and lion-hearted.

“Good, the Construction Division has done a great job supervising the completion of the city wall. They shall be rewarded.” Ouyang Shuo turned and looked at Cui Yingyu, “The Finance Department will draft a standard of incentives and submit it to me for approval.”

Yingyu nodded. Zhao Dewang on the side said fervently: “My lord, to be able to embrace your ratification is the biggest reward to the Construction Division, we dare not ask for more.”

Ouyang Shuo waved his hand, “Ey, you get what you deserve, Secretary Zhao need not be humble and decline it. This wall, will be the greatest line of defense for Shanhai Town. With it, the military can launch operation Spring Assault with ease. The Construction Division must accelerate the construction of the affiliated facilities to ensure that a complete defense system utilizing the city wall can be formed early.”

“The Construction Division promises, we will finish and complete everything within a week’s time.” Zhao Dewang patted his chest and said.

In comparison to the city wall, the drawbridge was progressing slower. Even when more workers were assigned to it, it would still require another 2 weeks to complete.

After the city wall was built, Ouyang Shuo had a big plan for his territory. Back at his manor, he asked the concierge to invite the manager of the brick kiln workshop over.

The manager, Tao Wang, was an advanced kilnmaster, aged 32, dark-skinned, honest, and loyal. As he received the summons, he rushed over to the manor from the kiln workshop outside of town.

After Tao Wang arrived, Ouyang Shuo then called over to his office the 3 directors, Zhao Dewang, Hao Jianceng and Zhou Haichen. Due to his extraordinary performance during the official assessment, Hao Jiancheng was promoted to assistant secretary of the Construction Division. This was the first time he had the honor to be called over to Ouyang Shuo’s office, and the young assistant looked excited.

“Master Tao, please make a brief report regarding the kiln workshop.” Ouyang Shuo said.

Tao Wang stood up and answered in great respect. “My lord, there are 120 workers, 4,000 units of green bricks, a production rate of 120 green bricks per day, with an average of 1 brick per worker per day.”

Ouyang Shuo nodded and said, “I have a plan to discuss with all of you. The territory layout was generally based on a grade 3 village layout. However, after the blessings of time, the current layout is now unable to catch up with our rapid development. We have to look forward one, two or even three steps ahead in matters like territory layout.”

Hao Jiancheng nodded in agreement. As the planning manager of the Construction Division, he was very clear of this situation.

“Our city wall was built in reference to the standards of a grade 3 town. That said, are we going to add wall after wall when we get to a grade 3 county, grade 3 prefecture and grade 3 capital? Of course not, the walls will obstruct the development of the city. Therefore, from now on, we will plan and assess our city layout according to the standard and point of view of a capital city.”

He continued, “The future capital city will occupy a land of 100 square kilometers with a total of 3 city walls. The first wall will be 3 kilometers long on all four sides. This is the city stone wall we have just completed. It will be the royal palace wall in the future. The second wall will be 6 kilometers long on all four sides. Its construction will start during the county stage, and it will be the inner capital wall. The third and last wall will have sides as long as 10 kilometers This will be built during the prefecture stage, and will be the outer wall of the capital.

This was the first time Ouyang Shuo had exposed his future plan for the territory, showing his domineering and ambitious true nature. Everyone present, including the 3 directors, were moved greatly as they listened to his plan. Their blood boiled with tidal upsurges of emotions.

“Coming back to our main theme, taking the completion of the city wall as an opportunity, we will adjust the future planning of the territory. There are 2 adjustments needed to be done. First, the general layout of territory; second, the construction materials of the buildings. We will first talk about the construction materials. The general construction materials as of now are stones and mainly wood As a result, the buildings are not safe due to their weak performances against fire hazards. Therefore, we will seize this opportunity and change these wood and stone structured buildings into a combination of brick and stone structures. The Construction Division will have to coordinate with the brick kiln workshop, and adjust the consumption-production rate of bricks to ensure the constant supply of bricks.” Ouyang Shuo instructed them.

Zhao Dewang nodded to indicate understanding. The lord had thrown out bomb after bomb. The Construction Division had just completed the massive city wall project, and was now given another gigantic territory-upgrading project. There wasn’t a second to rest at all.

“The Household Registration Division will have to prepare and allocate workers appropriately. My suggestion is to increase the kiln workers to 200 men.” Ouyang Shuo talked Zhou Haichen.

“No problem.” Zhou Haichen accepted Ouyang Shuo’s suggestion.

“Now here comes the main issue: the adjustment of the territory layout. In principle, within the 5 registration categories, namely the farmers, workers, fishermen, herdsmen and craftsmen. Other than the craftsmen, the others will have to be shifted out to the suburbs. The settlements will be decided according to their occupations. For example, kiln workers will be placed around the kiln workshop, while miners will be settled somewhere near to the mining field. This way, we will not only ease the congestion of populations in the city, but will also provide convenience to the workers.” Such a decision was made as the first step to separate the urban and rural populations. These settlements would be the perfect prototypes for the establishment of village communities in the future.

The decision was also the first step that denoted the transformation of Shanhai Town from an agricultural rural village to an urban city. When the other 4 occupations were scattered around the suburbs, the city was left with only craftsmen, tradesmen, and the other business-related personnel, granting purity to the town and making it more lively.

“My lord, I very much agree to the settlements, but there are 2 questions in mind.” Director Fan of the Administration Department was the first to speak.

“Please speak up!”

“After the establishment of the settlements, how are we going to implement administrative works there, and also how do we guarantee the safety of the residents?” His well-reasoned questions were incisive and straight to the point.

Ouyang Shuo was fully prepared. The plan to establish settlements was not a provisional or premature plan, but it was a plan well thought-out after a series of serious considerations. Just like operation Spring Assault, the proposed plan was a deterrent to solve the existing issues faced by the town.

“Good questions! For the administrative work in the settlements, we will adapt the system of self-government The residents will elect a well-respected man as the settlement chief. He will be in charge of the taxes and household registrations, and will report to the Administration Department.”

About the settlement chiefs, Fan Zhongyan was surely familiar with it. The settlement chiefs had long existed during the Spring and Autumn Period, so they were the best candidate to manage the settlements.

“As for the safety of residents, there is nothing to worry about. As long as operation Spring Assault is progressing smoothly, the territory will be cleared of external threats. There will be no more concerns regarding safety. Secondly, we will set up military camps both inside and outside of the town. They will ensure the safety of everyone in the territory.”

After he finished answering Fan Zhongyan’s questions, he continued on saying, “For the buildings within the city wall, we will have to make some adjustments too. The West district was initially a residential area, but as the residents will be shifted out to the suburbs, only the Southwest district will remain as a residential area. The Northwest district will be changed to a business district, and every workshop will be moved there. In the Northeast district will only remain the military camps, arsenals, stables, the weapons workshop, Armory Division and other military buildings. The Southeast district looks empty with only the Culture and Education Division in it, so we can build some residences for officials in that area, specifically for officials with the position of at least deputy secretary.”

He continued. “The iconic commercial street will remain as is, but commence a round of comprehensive renovation of the shops. The square in front of the lord’s manor needs to be refurbished, so pave the floor with quartz stones and decorate the square with some flowers and sculptures. I want it to be a gathering place of leisure for the residents. Lastly, the two crossroads in the city will also need to be paved with quartz stones. The territory is now already a grade 2 town, but the roads are still mud roads. This is too inappropriate.”

Zhao Dewang felt a great twinge in his heart as he listened to Ouyang Shuo’ plans. From what was mentioned so far, the workload of this project was comparable to that of the construction of the city wall.

Ouyang Shuo ignored Zhao Dewang, and turned to Cui Yingyu. “The expenses required for the whole plan will be classified under public expenditure by the Finance Department. Any concerns?”

“We can barely make it.” Yingyu said cautiously.

Ouyang Shuo nodded, “Good. If the funds are insufficient, come look for me. I will figure it out. The whole plan will have to be done within a month’s time. Is there any problem according to the Construction Division?”

“If it includes the settlements, we can hardly make it.” Although he did not want to disappoint his lord, to make a promise and not to be able to keep it later on, the lord would be furious and might kill him.

Ouyang Shuo shook his head with a smile and said, “The settlements will not be a concern of the Construction Division. Since it will be a self-governing community, the residents will build their own houses.

Zhao Dewang breathed a sigh of relief and said immediately, “Then I have no problem.”

“Very good. I have only mentioned an overall plan for the territory upgrade. The details will be drafted by the Construction Division, and will be submitted to me for approval.” Ouyang Shuo said finally.

“Rest assured my lord, the details will be done in 3 days.” The manager of planning, Hao Jiancheng, said as he patted his chest.

“Alright, that will be all, you are dismissed!”



* * *





Chapter 87




Chapter 87 - Date

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Levs

The next morning, Ouyang Shuo received a call from Song Jia.

"About the parcel yesterday, I’ve received it."

"So how was it? Are you happy with it?"

"My brothers were shocked from your parcel."

"Your brothers?"

"Yes, my two elder brothers are playing this game too."

"Oh, I wasn’t thinking too much about the gifts."

"Hey pro, I want to invite you for a dinner, my treat! Are you free?"

"Of course! I’ll always have time when a gorgeous girl invites me for a dinner."

"Oh, stop flattering me. Let’s make it 6pm today, I’ll be waiting outside!"

"Alright!"

"See you tonight!"

"See you tonight!"

Upon hanging up the phone, Ouyang Shuo waved his hand and shouted excitedly, “YES!”

Moreover, for the entire day, Shuo was in such a state of excitement, just like a boy who was still young, meeting his beautiful first love for the first time. All he could do was to keep on practicing his martial arts just so he can relieve the excess hormones.

At half past four in the afternoon, Bing’er arrived home on time. At this moment, Ouyang Shuo realized that he had no time to prepare dinner for his adorable sister. As a consequence, he had to call up Xiaoyue out of nowhere.

"Xiaoyue, it’s me!"

"Hey,what's up?"

"Listen, I’m sorry but I have something up tonight, could you please come home earlier tonight to make dinner for Bing’er?"

"No problem, meeting a girl for a date tonight?" Sometimes, a girl’s sixth sense could be extraordinarily accurate.

Suddenly, Ouyang Shuo for no reason, subconsciously did not want her to know the truth, so he said vaguely,

"What date? There’s no date at all. I’m just meeting with some friends in high school.”

"Geez, I’m just asking casually, why are you so nervous? "

"Enough said, so both of you will have to settle yourselves for dinner, is that alright?." Ouyang Shuo decided to not continue this entangling topic.

"Rest assured, I can still make some simple dishes." Sun Xiaoyue muttered, she felt like she was being underestimated by Ouyang Shuo, as if she were a parasite.

"I know, I know… So that’s all then, see ya!" Ouyang Shuo decisively hang up the phone.

For the sake of that night’s date, Ouyang Shuo, for once in a long time, had dressed up himself nicely.

He bathed twice, shaved his beard cleanly, did his hair nicely for half an hour. As for dressing, of course, he could not be easy going. Ouyang Shuo picked a casual shirt with a simple pattern, matched with the only branded pants in his closet, a Zegna trousers, along with a pair of white canvas shoes. At this point, a confident and handsome young man was presented. Finally, how could he forget to trim his nails as every single detail will often add up to a certain success. As for perfumes, he would always avoid them as much as he could.

Before heading out, Ouyang Shuo dragged Bing’er to his side and coaxed her,

“Darling, brother’s going to have a gathering with my friends, be a good girl and wait for sister Xiaoyue to come back and have dinner with you, ok?”

Bing’er, like a small adult, said naughtily,

“Don’t worry brother, Bing’er will not tell sister Xiaoyue anything about your date.”

“Naughty girl”, Ouyang Shuo touched her nose as a display of endearment and turned around, heading out.

Song Jia, with her red ferrari, was already outside Ouyang Shuo’s house waiting for him. She smiled when she saw him and said, “Let’s go.”

Song Jia wore a black long dress, matched with a small shawl. The way she dressed herself; the elegant and alluring hourglass shaped body was presented in a very fascinating way.

Ouyang Shuo got in the car under everyone’s indefinable gaze, took his time and measured Song Jia thoroughly from head to toe, “Wow, you dressed sexily today, even my little heart is pumping at a crazy rate.”

Upon hearing this, Song Jia blushed immediately, she could not stand his gaze at all. His gaze was so hot, even at this distance, she could feel the blazing gaze piercing through her clothes, reaching all the way to her body. She protested coquettishly: “Why are you behaving like that, I can’t stand it.”

Ever since his rebirth, Ouyang Shuo, like a phoenix that had risen from the ashes, arisen to someone who had shaken away all of his shackles, burden and became a proud man filled with hope and confidence, refusing and crushing every secular shackles that found their way back to him. He became a person who is real, a person who is not going to bow down to power that goes against his will, a person who will not bend to money, a person who is similar to the son of a prodigy in every novel. Other than that, with the way he acts, the way he is right now, he naturally built up an unique and enchanting aura, and to the ladies, it could be intensely charming, attracting them to him like bees flocking the honey.

Although Song Jia was protesting against his remarks, her heart was secretly pounding at an incredibly fast rate.

The fact that Ouyang Shuo did not hide his admiration about her beauty is the best appraisal for her. The way he looked at her with his eyes, the windows to his soul, was crystal clear, so pure to the extent that there was neither any perverted nor ill intents. It was a fascinating vortex, she just felt like would just sink deeply into his stare, never wanting to get out out it anymore.

Song Jia quickly calmed herself down, started her ferrari and asked,

“What do you want for dinner, fancy some western cuisine?”

“Sure! I’m fine with anything.”

‘Alright, let’s go!”

Half an hour later, in the fanciest western restaurant in the state of Jiao.

Ouyang Shuo was feeling lucky that he dressed himself in a more formal way or he would’ve made himself a laughing stock. He turned around to Song Jia, “This is too exaggerating.”

“Yeah right… Stop pretending that you’re poor, we both know you’re now an invisible tycoon.” Song Jia said, making fun of him.

They then proceeded to the table that Song Jia booked under the waitress’ guidance. Song Jia asked Ouyang Shuo what he wants to eat but he just shook his head and said that he’s not so familiar with western cuisine so he’d pass and ask her to order for him.

Song Jia smiled and nodded because she knew that he didn’t know about western cuisine and ordered, “Could we have a set of escargot, Danish pastry, sirloin steak, black pepper steak, vegetable salad and two sets of clam chowder? Also I would like to order some desserts and fruits as well.”

After ordering, she asked Ouyang Shuo, “Wanna have some drink? Say… A bottle of red wine?”

Suddenly, to the pretty waitress’ surprise, Ouyang Shuo was determined to be a freeloader, taking their order and he said shamelessly, “Sure why not, it’s your treat anyway, I’m not going to spend a single cent, I wouldn’t mind at all.”

Song Jia couldn’t maintain her perfect image upon hearing what he said, facepalmed herself and ordered a bottle of year 2100 grape wine.

When the waiter left, she said: “My brother asked me to ask you if there’s any way that he could get his hands on any village creation token.”

Ouyang Shuo frowned and replied: ”I do not have any of it for now, this thing can only be obtained through luck. I’ll see what I can do. Well, I’m organizing a party to raid a bunch of bandits, if I happen to get it from the loots, I’ll send it to you.”

“You don’t have to force it, in fact, I’m actually quite embarrassed to trouble you too.”

If it wasn’t because her brother asked her to make this request, she wouldn’t even want to bring up this topic that would simply destroy the atmosphere.

“It’s fine, it’s not troublesome at all, if you still think of me as your friend, then you don’t need to worry about it.” Ouyang Shuo, on the other hand, did not put this into his heart at all.

When the dinner was served, Song Jia took a chance and pretended inadvertently and said: “Yuan Ping is starting to play this game too.”

“Oh,” Ouyang Shuo perfunctory said while busily dealing with his black pepper steak.

Song Jia finally snapped, she put down her cutleries and complained to him, “What sort of stupid reaction is this?”

“What’s wrong with him playing the game? Just let him play with himself, what can go wrong with it?”, Ouyang Shuo cluelessly said.

“Whatever, forget about it.”

It was clearly visible that Song Jia had something that she’s hiding in her heart but was hesitant to speak out; a typical girl’s mind, never going to be straightforward with you and you are to figure it out yourself.

Suddenly, something struck Ouyang Shuo in his mind and he instantly got a hold on the crucial point to the problem,

“Yuan Ping, he’s still chasing you, isn’t he?”

“Yeah, this guy is so annoying and he’s stalking me constantly that he’s becoming a nuisance now.”

The only impression Yuan Ping gave Ouyang Shuo was during the gathering this year. Yuan Ping is a man of subtlety, a qualified second generation of a rich family. No one will be able to believe that his persistency on chasing Song Jia was out of love.

Song Jia may be pretty, sexy and unique but to these rich children from the wealthy families, there will not be a lack of pretty girls in their life at all. To them, women are just a sort of stimulus to make their life more enjoyable.

His perseverance on chasing Song Jia was more on the aspect of diplomatic interest in their business profit.

There were a lot of business corporations in Ling Nan, but both Song’s corporation and Yuan’s corporation were on par with each other. The marriage between Yuan Ping and Song Jia would result in the cooperation between the two corporations. If this happened, it would be a huge gain for the Yuan’s corporation and Yuan Ping’s personal profit.

The cooperation between these two corporations will not only result in them becoming the leading force in the entire Ling Nan’s economy, Yuan Ping could also exploit this advantage and establish his power in the Yuan’s family and become the first rightful heir in the family. Ouyang Shuo would of course, not forget to include that possibility that Yuan Ping might have some true love towards Song Jia. However, either way, Ouyang Shuo personally did not want any of these to happen.

If it were in the past life, Ouyang Shuo could not do anything about it at all. Yuan Ping himself would not even view Ouyang Shuo as a competitor, not to mention that in this class solidified society, a marriage within the same rank had become a consensus. Cinderella and her Prince Charming only exists in fairy tale, it was almost impossible for someone from a lower rank to marry another from the upper rank.

However, in this life, Ouyang Shuo had obtained the ticket to the arena of the game’s highest ranks and established his force in there. He, the man risen from the ashes of his past life, was not afraid of any opponents anymore, he will withstand and compete with every single one of them. Ouyang Shuo swears that regardless of what stands in his path, he will not let go of Song Jia anymore. If given no choice, he would even go against with the entire Song’s corporation.

“Ah, don’t worry, just ignore him. If things really get out of hand, just let me know, with the power I have now, I am confident that I’ll be able to deal with it.” Ouyang Shuo said confidently.

“Okay.” Song Jia suddenly felt relieved when she got the answer from Ouyang Shuo.

While the others may feel that Ouyang Shuo is just an ordinary boy, arrogantly saying that he can solve any problems without thinking of his own capability, but Song Jia believed in Ouyang Shuo. She believed that this boy, this average looking boy has the strength to deal with things that others deemed impossible. Maybe sometimes, love really is blind; making someone losing their minds and trust their love ones blindly.

After their dinner, Song Jia naughtily said: ”Come, accompany me to have a walk around!”

“Alright! If it’s a gorgeous woman like you I’m going for a walk with, I will be very honored.” Ouyang Shuo jokingly said again.

Song Jia did not complain about his attitude this time, but instead, walking as if she’s hopping in front. At this moment, there was no goddess that is far within the grasp of the mortals, but only an ordinary girl falling in love.

Ouyang Shuo followed behind her, looking at this beautiful girl walking with a relaxed pace, at this moment, all he could see was only her. Love struck him all of a sudden just like that. Perhaps, this is what happiness meant, Ouyang Shuo said to himself.

Ouyang Shuo reached home at 9.30pm. There was no one in the living room, this is the time where Bing’er listened to her bed time stories. When he opened the door to Bing’er’s room, Xiao Yue was telling Bing’er the story about the Pleasant Goat and the Big Bad Wolf.

“Brother, you’re back!”, Bing’er said happily and smiled when she saw Ouyang Shuo.

Ouyang Shuo walked towards her, patted her little head and said gently, “Sleep earlier sweetheart.”

“Okay, good night brother!”

“Good night, sweet dreams.”



* * *





Chapter 88




Chapter 88 - Qingyang Sword Sect

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

March 11, another day of unrest.

“System Notice: Congratulations to player Feng Qingyang for founding the Qingyang Sword Sect; Special reward of 500 merit points, 1500 reputation points, Swordsman Township awarded the title “Home of the Martial Arts”

“System Notice: Congratulations to player Feng Qingyang ….”

“System Notice: Congratulations …..”

Feng Qingyang, the heir to the powerful clan in China, an ancient martial arts family, founded China’s first sect in such a short time. He had now stepped into the lights on the stage, and into the views of the public. From now onwards, he would no longer be shaded by Di Chen and Chun Shenjun as one of the Handan Six Tyrants. He would now shine on his own. In Earth Online, if one would like to establish a sect, there are 4 requirements needed to be met: wealth, population, technique, and land.

Wealth, the start-up capital of the sect, requires at least 200 gold.

Population, the numbers of disciples, requires at least 500 nominal disciples.

Technique, the main technique line of the sect, requires at least an Emperor-rank technique and it should be a mixed technique containing passive skills, movements skills, and offensive skills.

Land, would naturally be where the sect’s location is. If one decides to establish it in the wilderness, it would be exposed to the beasts and the raiders ambush, therefore it is best to establish it in a lord player’s territory.

What a showy guy Feng Qingyang is, naming the sect after his own name. Hmm... Wonder what does this “Home of the Martial Arts” will increase. Shuo thought and took a guess. It would most probably be boosting the practitioner’s physique or something like that.

Probably Feng Qingyang thought that he didn’t have enough attention, as he continued on shouting in the National Channel: “Qingyang Sword Sect invites swordsmen from all backgrounds to join us, once joined you will be taught the Emperor-level Technique. Spaces are limited, first come first serve.”

ChunQiu Alliance’s other three members jumped out too.

Chun ShenJun: “Brother Feng, congratulations, congratulations.”

Xiong Ba: “Congratulations +1 !!!”

Wandering Magic: “Congratulations +2 !!!”

Feng Qingyang: “Thank you, three brothers!”

Shuo shook his head. Hey, here it comes again. There ain't no such thing as a free lunch. In the past life, Feng Qingyang had used the same way to fund himself plenty of capital. According to the Wulin Sect Disciple system, there were 4 different grades: Junior disciple, Senior disciple, Core disciple, and Direct disciple. Different grades of disciple had different access to the technique-level. The details were decided by the Sect Head.

Feng Qingyang used the Emperor-level technique as a bait, alluring the swordsmen to his Swordsman Town. Fees would be applied to join the Qingyang Sword Sect.

Junior disciple - 50 silver

Senior disciple - 2 gold

Core disciple - 5 gold

How about Direct disciple? Sorry, they were only limited to the ancient martial arts family members. Only one of themselves could become a direct disciple.

And the so-called Emperor-level technique, of course. It wasn’t bought by Feng Qingyang from the market or dropped from the loots of any raids; he had no such capabilities yet. In Earth Online, the system allowed players to created their own skills and techniques. Therefore, using the system’s Technique and Skills Creation System, he was able to reflect his family martial arts into the game.

Since this brilliant plan of his was able to get Feng Qingyang lots of gold and bring countless numbers of advanced adventurers to his Swordsman Town, it could be said as hitting two birds with one stone. The Qingyang Sword Sect was now a golden chicken that laid eggs. Furthermore, only by using these steady streams of capital did he then have the opportunity to start his plan of real techniques collection, being the biggest winner himself a year later.

These series of plans, overlapping one over another, utilizing the ancient martial arts family’s advantage to the furthest extent, could be said as though they were art painted by God's hand.

Shuo knew these plans were not by Feng Qingyang, but that they came instead from his sister, Feng Qingyue. Aged only 18, ranked 5th in the China List of Beauties, and was known as the China Three Zhuge, along with Handan’s Juedai Fenghua and Consonance’s Tsing-Yi.

Stopping his envy of the others, Shuo concentrated in his Bajiquan and spearmanship training. Due to him logging in late today, it was already midday when he finished his training.

At 2 PM, Shuo appeared on time in his office, starting to handle the day’s territory affairs.

At 3 PM, Director Tian brought along the manager of mining field, Yuan Shaoping, with a face of delight and exclaimed happily, “My lord, good news, very good news!”

Seeing the usual dead-man face Tian Wenjing being so excited, he was puzzled and curious. “What good news?”

Director Tian, pointing at Yuan Shaoping, laughed and said: “It is better to let Manager Yuan report to you, my lord!”

Shuo nodded, Yuan Shaoping rose and bowed before he said, “My lord, after the exploration these two days, we have finally found a large open-pit gold mine, just 5 miles south of Xuanniao Tribe.”

“Great!” Shuo exclaimed and stood up in great joy, he asked further “How is the topographical condition of the gold mine? Is it easy and convenient to mine? How big is the scale of the gold mine?”

“My lord, it is well-situated, to the north flows a 10-meter wide river. To the west, it intersects with Xuanniao Tribe. To the south stands a wolf-head shaped rock mountain (hereinafter referred to as Langshou Mountain1). To the east is a field of woods. The mining layers are shallow, which makes them easy to exploit. As for the ore storage, we could not determine yet, but it is confirmed that the mine is rich in gold ores. I had roughly tested, a tonne of gold ore could be refined into 20 grams of gold. I took a daring guess and estimated at least 40 tonnes of gold could be excavated in that mine.” Yuan Shaoping obviously prepared his report, as it was detailed.

Shuo was excited, according to 20 grams of gold per gold coin, 40 tonnes of gold would translate into 2 million gold coins. Of course, that is after he had to excavate and refine them before they turned into real gold coins. (1 tonne = 1,000,000 grams)

Shuo continued asking, “How efficient can the mining activity be?”

“On average a skilled miner can excavate a tonne of gold ore. As the mining layers progress deeper, the efficiency would decrease gradually. Moreover, after the ores are excavated, it still needs to go through the complex refinement process and extract the gold in it, which too, would require massive manpower.” Yuan Shaoping answered his lord’s question in detail.

Shuo nodded again. He walked back and forth in the office, and then asked the concierge to invite Cui Yingyu and Zhao Dewang over to his office. When the two arrived and sat down, Yuan Shaoping briefly talked about the gold mine’s current condition.

“Everyone, this gold mine would, in a long run, provide a stream of endless capital. It would turn into the territory’s fiscal pillar. Its importance needs not be reiterated again and it must not be neglected. In order to guarantee the smooth operation of the mining site, I will appoint a few missions for a lot of you.” Shoul said, filled with excitement.

“Please give the orders, my lord!”

“Yuan Shaoping!”

“My lord!”

“Since the gold mine had the Langshou Mountain behind of it, it shall be named as Langshan Mining Field. I hereby appoint you as the manager of Langshan Mining Field, and the Assistant Director of Materials Reserves Department, fully in charge of the mining field.”

“Thank you for your trust, I will not let you down!” From an ordinary mining field foreman straight up to an assistant director, that was a promotion of 3 tiers. From this, one could tell the importance of Langshan Mining Field in Shuo’s eyes.

“As for the iron mining field, recommend a new foreman, and report your candidate to Director Tian for approval.”

“Yes, sire!” Yuan Shaoping answered aloud.

“Secretary Zhao!”

“My lord!”

“Construction Division will fully cooperate and support the operation by paving a road from Qiushui Village to the mining field. You can recruit Xuanniao Tribe when in need of manpower. After all, the constructed road would benefit them too.

“Understood, I will see it done!” Construction Division had just received the latest orders from the territory, surely they wouldn’t have the manpower required for the over 10km long Qiushui-Langshan road construction. But with the tribe’s involvement, it would not be a concern anymore. The whole tribe had over three thousands of people.

“Director Tian!”

“My lord!”

“The Material Reserves Department will talk to and negotiate with Xuanniao Tribe. The whole principle is to fully ignite their enthusiasm. Have them send their adults to work in the mining field, Shanhai Town will be fully responsible for the tribe’s logistics.” The whole tribe had over 1500 adults, and if they were fully utilized, the gold mine could excavate at least a hundred tonnes of gold ores daily.

“Rest assured my lord, the Material Reserves Department will do it perfectly.” To change the Xuanniao Tribe’s hunting tradition was not an easy task, but Tian Wenjing was quite confident.

Shuo nodded his head and continued: “Furthermore, talk to their great leader Xiong Shi. Request the tribe to form a garrison team from their best hunters, station them in Langshan mining field, security and safety must not be taken lightly. The numbers should not be less than 200 men. Shanhai Town will provide logistics and every necessary equipment. In times of need, the military will send generals over for their daily training.”

For the Langshan Mining Field, this golden chicken that lay eggs, Shuo did not dare to take it lightly. Other than guarding against the wild beasts in the mountains, the mining site would have to guard against the other savage tribes. For now the other savage tribes knew nothing, but once there were any movements within the Xuanniao Tribe, then they would surely know.

Of course, Shuo did not have any intentions to create any hatred or enmity with the savage tribes. The best situation would be, through Xuanniao Tribe acting as a go-between, to establish a cooperative relationship with the other savage tribes.

Forming the Langshan garrison team had two purposes. One: preparing for the worst situation. Two: they could be reserve team, and in times of need, summoned to Shanhai Town and turned into a regular army.

“Yingyu!”

“Yes, big brother!”

“The Finance Department would have to speed up the renovation of Four Seas Bank. We need a bigger and safer treasury. The safety of the treasury must be prioritized. Talk to the Security Division, and have them strengthen the security measures around the bank.”

“Yes brother, Leave it to me!”

“Alright, that’s it. Everyone get back to work!”

“Yes my lord!” Everyone stood and answered.

Langshou Mountain1 : Lang means Wolf, Shou means Head, Wolf-Head Mountain



* * *





Chapter 89




Chapter 89 - Refugee Camp

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Levs

March 13

After five days of preparation, Lin Yi led the cavalry 1st squadron and Zhao Sihu led the infantry 1st squadron, joining hands to wipe out the territory of an Intermediate Raider’s Camp, seized a large number of materials as well as 216 gold coins.

Ouyang Shuo immediately spent 150 gold coins for the class change of the newly established cavalry 2nd squadron and officially appointed Li Mingliang as the lieutenant of cavalry 2nd squadron. After leaving the barracks, he rushed to the Intermediate Market, spent 20 gold coins to buy a gold ore refining workshop building blueprint, ready to hand it to the Construction Division as soon as possible to start construction.

The negotiation between the Materials Reserve Department and the Xuanniao Tribe were carried out very smoothly. Tian Wenjing had successfully persuaded Shi Xiong to give up the tribal hunting tradition. The tribe of the 1500 young adults, will become full-time miners in Langshan mine. In return, Shanhai town will provide 10,000 units of grains to the tribe, and guide them in plantation skills.

What Ouyang Shuo didn't know was that the reason why the negotiations would be carried out so smoothly was that in silent acquiescence, the tribe’s shaman had agreed to the terms. Otherwise, with Shi Xiong's conservative personality, he would not be easily persuaded.

Langshan garrison team had finished its establishment, it consists of 2 squadrons, led by the tribe’s two best hunters, Shi Bao and Shi Lang respectively. Ouyang Shuo claimed a batch of equipment from the arsenal, and fully equipped the 2 squadrons, effectively increasing their battle capabilities.

That was not the only good news, just as Ouyang Shuo had expected, the Three Flower Wine made by Du Dun using the spring water from Lianzhou basin had been classified as Shanhai’s special local product by the system. The system had named it ‘Lianzhou Three Flower Wine’ and can be sold through grocery shops with half the trading tax as compared to the markets.

In average, every 3 units of grain can be brewed into 1 unit of Three Flower Wine, which had the selling price of 1 silver. Lessing off the cost of grains and manpower, and also the 10% taxes, it had a pure profit of 40 coppers. Such a high profit earning, it surely was enough to make Ouyang Shuo happily crazy.

Without a second thought, Ouyang Shuo shamelessly listed the wine workshop as non-privatized property, putting it under the control of the Finance Department. At the same time, in order to maximize the profit, he had upgraded the wine workshop into a 1000 men large workshop.

The large wine workshop had an average monthly production of up to 50,000 units of Three Flower Wine, providing Ouyang Shuo an additional 200 golds of income every month. Other than its profit, the wine had brought another surprise to Ouyang Shuo, an additional territory buff.

Lianzhou Three Flower Wine: Shanhai specialty wine, +15% chance of territory to attract wine lovers.

Given such a big surprise, Du Dun- the man who made it all happened, would surely be heavily rewarded by Ouyang Shuo. Ouyang Shuo had offered him a monthly salary of 1 gold, making him right away as one of Shanhai’s high salaried members. And most importantly, with the help of the Three Flower Wine brewing technology, Du Dun was now a Master Winemaker, second to reach the Master rank after Master tailor Little Sister Mu.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------

March 14

While scouting for intelligence on the raiders camp, the Military Intelligence Division had found a refugee camp, 15km away from the center of Shanhai Town. San Gouzi didn’t dare to delay the news any longer and had reported it immediately to Ouyang Shuo.

“Refugee Camp? That’s rare, how big is it?” Ouyang Shuo was clearly surprised by the news.

“My lord, there are around 1500 refugees.”

“So many of them, how could they survive the wilderness? Were there any leaders of sorts?”

Ouyang Shuo knew only little about refugee camps. They are rare products of the wilderness, extremely hard for one to come across. In order to survive in the wilderness, one would have to be a displaced person, wandering around until they come to a lord player’s territory; Or live in a secluded village, like Zhao Dexian’s village Zhao Jiagou, a paradise far of reach from the outside world; And lastly live as raiders or bandits, wolves of the wilderness.

But refugee camps were nowhere close to the three. It wasn't like the displaced people, it had a constant shelter; nothing like a secluded paradise, it was fully exposed to the wilderness; it too wasn't raiders nor bandits, as they weren’t strong enough to protect themselves. A refugee camp was neither fish nor fowl.

Every refugee camp was formed by chance. Either they had found a place with enough food resources to feed themselves; or they would have a leader, strong enough to lead the refugees and self-protect from the danger of raiders and bandits.

“You are right my lord, there is a leader in the camp that goes by the name of Ge Hongliang, aged 35, ex-military, but had somehow been living in the wilderness. He had quite a strong ability, being able to gather the hopeless refugees together, trained them and had found their place in the wilderness, even though they were just barely living.” San Gouzi’s report was filled with details of Ge Hongliang.

“Even if they were able to fend off the raiders and bandits, but I guess they were still living a poor life?” Ouyang Shuo, even if he was asking, but he was confident about it. Even the lord players that were given special treatments were finding it hard to survive in the wilderness, don’t even talk about the system aborigines, how could they survive without the market’s long-range trading.

San Gouzi looked at Ouyang Shuo with a pair of worshipping eyes, nodded his head and said: “You have guessed it right again sire. Because there weren’t any grain seeds, nor farm tools, they couldn’t grow their own crops. The camp could only rely on the mother nature of foods from huntings and fishings. Therefore, their food sources were not truly promising, they often had to consume wild vegetables and grasses.

“Moreover, ever since the lord players had established their territories in the wilderness, the number of wild beasts had plummeted, which indirectly made their life harder. As of now, they are reaching the limit, almost turning themselves into raiders in order to live on.”

Ouyang Shuo nodded, smiled and said: “This, to us, would mean an opportunity. It would be inhumane to say, but if we are able to absorb the refugee camp into our territory, it would save us quite some time.”

“It is an honor and a blessing for them to be part of Shanhai Town, there is no need for my lord to feel bad for it.” San Gouzi smiled too. Ever since he attended the crash course classes in Lianzhou College, he had improved a lot in his speeches. It seems like the courses were quite successful.

“Has the Military Intelligence Division approached Ge Hongliang?” Shuo asked.

“Yes, I had a short talk with him, briefly introduced him about Shanhai Town, and sire’s courtesy for talents. Hei hei, from what I see from him, he was quite moved, but for him as the camp leader, he was quite reluctant to be the first to open his mouth.” San Gouzi smiled.

“Good, then I will pay him a visit personally.” Ouyang Shuo said as he had understood the situation.

The trip to the refugee camp was meant to bring peace not war, hence it would be unwise to bring an army along with him. Ouyang Shuo only brought with him a squad of the Military Intelligence Division, plus the cavalry 1st squadron.

3 o'clock in the afternoon, Ouyang Shuo and his troops stood in front of the refugee camp. The whole camp was one square kilometer in size, protected by wooden fences. Two outposts stood tall beside the main gate with two sentries on each one of them. As they spotted Ouyang Shuo, they were nervous and one of them shouted: “Name yourselves intruders!”

“I am the Lord of Shanhai Town, please pass the word to your leader!” Shuo mounted on the back of Black Tornado answered aloud.

The sentry was shocked and remembered the words of his leader this morning, and answered immediately: "May the lord wait for a moment, I will pass the word to the leader immediately.”

“Thank you!” Ouyang Shuo ordered everyone to dismount and waited patiently in front of the gate entrance.

After 10 minutes, a middle-aged scholar walked out of the camp. He had a slim and slender physique, wide broad shoulders, although his face was wan and sallow, he had a pair of sharp eyes, dressed in coarse clothes. Behind him followed tens of men, young adults and elders, all of them dressed in rough clothes and they too, had wan and sallow faces.

Before he even reached Ouyang Shuo, he had already opened his mouth: “The Lord pays us a visit, welcome, welcome!”

Ouyang Shuo looked at San Gouzi, using his eyes, asking if the scholar was the leader Ge Hongliang. San Gouzi slightly nodded his head, confirming the scholar’s identity. Ouyang Shuo then smiled and replied: “Sorry for the sudden visit, I hope you would forgive me.”

As the refugees behind Ge Hongliang laid their sights on the well-equipped cavalries, their eyes couldn’t help but be filled with terror, they were terribly awed.

“Let us talk inside!” Ge Hongliang said while smiling.

Ouyang Shuo nodded and ordered the others to stay, bringing only Lin Yi and San Gouzi along with him. As they were walking in the camp, the refugees came out of their houses and looked at them curiously. Most of the refugees were like the displaced, they didn’t have any decent clothes, only ragged and tattered clothes, their face was just like the others, wan and sallow.

Before Ouyang Shuo left for the refugee camp, he had worn his armor and took his sword, dressed as a general, and looked like a glorious hero. The two walking beside him were also well-equipped, in comparison to the refugees, they were like heaven and earth.

Ouyang Shuo took a good look at the refugee camp’s military equipment, they only had simple and crude armors and weapons, he could not imagine how Ge Hongliang was able to command the refugees and defend themselves against the raiders' invasions. He had again reevaluated Ge Hongliang and had valued the latter much more, this was a man highly skilled in battle tactics.

As they entered the chamber, they sat down accordingly. For the refugees, other than Ge Hongliang, only an elder and a young man stayed back, while the others had automatically left.

“Let me introduce them to the lord.” Ge Hongliang said while pointing his finger to the elder, “This is Elder Xu, an ex-general in Yamen's Finance Department." followed by the young man, "This is our military general, Sun Tengjiao, an ex-sergeant in the military."

Ouyang Shuo greeted them, in turn, smiled and introduced Lin Yi and San Gouzi to the other party. He noticed that when he was introducing Lin Yi, the military general Sun's sight congealed, filled with excitement. As for San Gouzi, the refugees had already met him in the morning, hence it was easy to introduce him.

Upon knowing San Gouzi's position as the Secretary of Military Intelligence Division, a sudden white light flashed in Ge Hongliang's eyes, he had understood the situation in his heart.

To be honest, when Ouyang Shuo was introducing San Gouzi, he was feeling a little embarrassed, for the Shanhai's Secretary of Military Intelligence Division to have such a name, it really wasn't suitable at all.

If there is an opportunity in the future, let's see if I can change him a better name.



* * *





Chapter 90




Chapter 90 – Incorporation

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun



In the refugee camp meeting hall, after both sides greeted one another, they got into the topic.

Ouyang Shuo did not want to beat around the bush, and said directly, "The few of you are talents. It's uncommon to also be so similar and also have such a caring heart for the citizens. I'm not talented and smart enough, so I invite all of you and your residents to join Shanhai Town and develop together; I don't know what you think about that?"

"Sire's good intentions we accept. Please let me ask something disrespectful, if we join Shanhai Town, what kind of treatment will we get?" The one who asked was Elder Xu.

Ouyang Shuo nodded his head and laughed. "Even if you didn't ask, I also would have had to explain it to all of you. A month ago, Shanhai Town had already completed privatization. Every resident was given a basic benefit package which included 100 units of grain, 20 units of meat, a piece of leather and a set of basic clothing as well as 20 silver, so enough for 3 months."

"If the residents of the camp join Shanhai Town, they can, according to their specialties, find their own job. Those that are willing to be farmers, the government will assign them land and give them free farming tools. Those willing to fish can rent boats to fish out at sea. Those that are willing to work, the territory has quarries, mines and logging camps. Apart from that, the territory has built many different workshops, factories, and shops. All these places need talented people. Taking a step back, those without specialties can find a job in construction."

"Hence, as long as you are willing to join Shanhai Town, you wouldn’t have to worry about not being able to find a job and feeding your family. As long as you are willing to work, it is natural that you will have a house and food. As for all of you here, the political departments and military systems welcome your addition anytime."

Ge Hongliang and Xuzhen's eyes brightened. They were infected by what Ouyang Shuo had described, their expressions visibly shaken. If it were true, then it was definitely better than staying in such an old and rundown camp.

As a general, Sun Tengjiao was not moved and said loudly, "This general has something to ask!"

"Please speak, general!" Ouyang Shuo smiled and said. He could tell that Ge Hongliang acted as the good cop and Xu Zhenchang and Sun Tengjiao acted as the bad cops. The questions that he didn't want to ask would be asked by those 2.

If we join Shanhai Town, how will sire deal with our troops?" Sun Tengjiao directly asked the sensitive question of military arrangement.

"How is the current situation with the military?" Ouyang Shuo did not rush to answer and instead asked.

Sun Tengjiao nodded as he felt the sincerity behind Ouyang Shuo's words. If Ouyang Shuo didn't ask and gave an answer, he would not have believed him. "The camp has a squad of 150 people. Because we lacked horses, we are mainly infantry. But they are all trained in archery and horse riding so as long as they get a war horse, they will be passable cavalry."

As for the troops that he trained, Sun Tengjiao was extremely confident in them. Lin Yi, who was sitting opposite him snickered, obviously not believing in his words.

Ouyang Shuo nodded. "Your units, I naturally believe you. How about this? I'll give you a cavalry squadron while the remaining 50 men will be reserve troops. When the time is right, they will then be changed to operational troops, how about that?"

The reserve troops was just Ouyang Shuo's best attempt to prevent a bad situation. Shanhai Town did not have a reserve army. Sun Tengjiao knew himself that Ouyang Shuo's other answer would have been to let the 150 people be a squadron, kicking out the remaining ones.

Taking into account the injured and those whose body conditions dropped due to lack of nutrition, they could just barely meet 100. Hence, Sun Tengjiao didn't try to ask for more and instead quietly accepted it.

After Ouyang Shuo replied both people's questions, he turned around to Ge Hongliang to wait for his opinion.

Ge Hongliang and Sun Tengjiao exchanged glances and he smiled. "Sire is so sincere and kind, we are struggling to keep warm and full in the wilderness, fighting for our lives every day. To get sire's help is our good fortune. I thank sire on behalf of the 1500 residents in the camp for sire's helping hand."

"Great, with all your help, it's as if we’re adding wings to a tiger." Ouyang Shuo laughed.

After they both came to an agreement, Ouyang Shuo took the chance to look at all 3 of their stats.

Name: Ge Hongliang (Gold)

Identity: Shanhai Town resident

Occupation: Strategist

Loyalty: 75

Command: 35

Force: 15

Intelligence: 55

Politics: 60

Specialty: Devise Strategies (Raise troops combat power by 5%), Tactical Proficiency (Raise troops movement speed by 10%)

Evaluation: Born as a scholar, highly intelligent, able to come up with strategies and highly loyal

As expected, Ge Hongliang was a typical strategist, and he was one who inclined towards the military, giving it two incredibly strong buffs.

Name: Xu Zhenchang (Silver)

Identity: Shanhai Town resident

Occupation: Civil Servant (juren)

Loyalty: 75

Command: 15

Force: 12

Intelligence: 40

Politics: 50

Specialty: Detailed (Raise territory tax income by 5%)

Evaluation: Passed the imperial examinations, Careful personality, Morally upright, Experienced in politics, A rare government affairs talent.

Elder Xu was certainly a good surprise. Not only was he a silver rank talent, but he also had a lot of experience.

Name: Sun Tengjiao (Silver)

Identity: Shanhai Town resident

Occupation: Basic Rank General

Loyalty: 75

Command: 35

Force: 35

Intelligence: 20

Politics: 20

Cultivation method: Army Lance Law (6 stances)

Equipment: Exquisite Horse Lance

Evaluation: Military-born, born with god-level strength, good at using horse lance

Sun Tengjiao did not seem simple. The horse lance was the strongest armor piercing weapon during the cold weapons era, extremely hard to grasp, and to perfect it, it needed a lot of training.

The three of them were talents that Shanhai Town lacked desperately, making Ouyang Shuo delighted. The migration of the refugees would need a lot of work, but these things were naturally Ge Hongliang’s concern.

It was already late, thus Ouyang Shuo didn’t stay any further in the refugee camp. He left San Gouzi there to coordinate, and brought the rest of the cavalry back to Shanhai Town.

The addition of 1,500 people was something that Shanhai Town needed to prepare for. Luckily Shanhai Town wasn’t like the old Shanhai Village. The Material Reserves Department had sufficient resources to build the houses for all these people. Ouyang Shuo also planned to send 400 of them to Qiushui Village to help it reach grade 1 town.

3rd month, 15th day



The refugees started to migrate into Shanhai Town, walking slowly forwards. Ouyang Shuo specially arranged the first cavalry squadron to protect their safety.

At 11 AM in the morning, Ouyang Shuo led the various officials to Shanhai Town and waited at the gates of the town for Ge Hongliang. The town walls and its secondary facilities had already been built.

As the main gate of Shanhai Town, the north gate opened to reveal a brick tower, majestic-looking and filled with many lifestyle facilities. Apart from water and food resources, it also stored large amounts of hot oil, rolling wood, etc., including war resources. On top of the tower stationed a squad of infantry as well as two archers.

In front of the tower had many Shanhai Town flags stuck into it. The flags were designed by Ouyang Shuo; the blue background was split with gold into two. The top was a volcano, spurting out hot magma where a golden dragon wrapped around it, looking fierce and majestic.

The doorway below the tower was 6 meters wide, and on top of it was carved the words “Shanhai”. The two huge wooden doors were encapsulated with thick layers of metal, and metal spikes were hammered into it, making it look like a beast. At each of the sides was also a secondary passageway, 4 metres wide and 5 meters high. Under normal circumstances, the main door was usually closed and visitors would use the secondary doorways.

Not far away from the secondary doorways were two trenches. The trenches were two levels, the upper one had 6 arrow holes and the bottom one had 5. Each arrow hole area had an arced top which could be opened and closed. The trenches also had a tunnel with 3 arrow holes in it facing the friendship river. This aided them in killing people who were invading. The trenches were mixed as one into the town walls, ensuring the safety of the soldiers that hid inside.

At the front of the village doors was a huge wooden suspension bridge which extended all the way to the opposite side of the 8 meter wide river. As the friendship river was only one meter away from the wall, the suspension bridge, which was 6 meters wide and 9 meters long worked via pulley devices attached to the walls and could be pulled up and let down by will. Apart from war time, under normal circumstances it would be placed down. To ensure that if there was a war and the suspension bridge could be raised, every week it would be tested.

When the refugees saw such a majestic wall, their mouths were agape. Compared to this wall, the camp that they’d stayed in was pretty much a backward tribe. With such a strong wall protecting them, they instantly felt more calm and safe. Their displeasure at having needed to migrate had subsided. The leaders looked at each other. Their tough days were finally over.

Ge Hongliang was shocked. It wasn’t that he hadn’t seen such high walls before. In truth, compared to the imperial capital, this wall wasn’t anything.

What amazed him was that Shanhai Town, which was only at the town stage, had the ability to build such a strong and stable structure. One could tell from this how far-sighted the lord was.



* * *





Chapter 91




Chapter 91-92

Chapter 91 - Military Affairs Department

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Levs

After finally seeing Ge Hongliang and his group arrive, Ouyang Shuo led the officials to welcome them, saying, "Welcome Ge Hongliang. From now on, we are family."

Ge Hongliang didn't dare to neglect him and bowed, saying respectfully, "Thank you sire!" This bow pledged one's allegiance. Ever since then, they would be treated differently as leader and servant and they won't be able to talk like they were of the same level. Everyone who followed behind bowed down; the normal residents even kneeled and said loudly, "We greet the lord!"

Ouyang Shuo naturally understood the deep meaning behind it and accepted their greetings. He went forward and helped Ge Hongliang up, smiling. "Let's go, I've asked my men to prepare wine to welcome all of you." After saying that, he personally led Ge Hongliang towards the Lord's Manor.

Shanhai Town was undergoing a rebuilding, and everywhere there were construction sites. Ge Hongliang paid attention along the way, seeing that the layout of the town was logical and the positions of the buildings were aligned. On the way, he saw the residents in clean clothes and looking very fresh and energized. This could only be seen from people who lived a sufficient and well off life.

Ge Hongliang couldn't help but nod. It seems like the promises from yesterday weren't too far fetched and Shanhai Town was as prosperous as he had mentioned.

In the banquet hall of the lord's manor, Ouyang Shuo organised a feast to welcome Ge Hongliang, Xu Zhenchang and Sun Tengjiao. The 3 directors and the military representative General Shi were there too. As for the other refugees, Ouyang Shuo placed them under the care of the Material Reserves Department.

Before beginning the banquet, Ouyang Shuo introduced everyone to one another. From this day onwards they would be working together, and this was a great time to get to know one another. This people from Shanhai Town were all big brother figures. Apart from Yingyu, they were famous people in history, hence they would naturally take care of the newcomers.

The 3 of them were different, getting shocks and surprises one after another. They couldn't imagine that a grade 2 town could gather so many talents. The little pride that they had before they came here had been erased.

When Sun Tengjiao saw General Shi, he couldn't muster up any fighting spirit. When he saw Lin Yi and the other people around Ouyang Shuo, he thought that they were the strongest generals in Shanhai Town. Little did he know that they hid a special rank general.

After the feast, Ouyang Shuo didn't rush to give them duties and let them rest.

2 PM in the afternoon, meeting room of the Lord's Manor.

The 3 directors, 14 Secretaries, 1 organization president, and all of the captains and above personnel were gathered for the meeting.

Ouyang Shuo said, "This time I called all of you here to adjust the organisational structure. As our military increases, there are more and more things that concern it. From logistical support, weapons and equipment design, soldier management and posting, tactics design etc. Hence I feel that there is a need to establish a department that focuses on military matters."

As military affairs were on the opposite wing as government affairs, Ouyang Shuo had always been trying to find a suitable manager to take up organisational control. Now with Ge Hongliang, this was the perfect opportunity.

"I've decided to establish the Military Affairs Department, and its president will be Ge Hongliang. The Military Intelligence Division and Armoury Division are under it. Apart from that, the Resource Division and Combat Logistics Division are also under their charge."

The establishment of the Military Affairs Department resulted in big changes in the Administration Department and the Material Reserves Department. That was why he invited everyone from the 3 departments to this meeting. From today onward, the 3 departments of Shanhai Town would become 4, and Ge Hongliang had become one of Shanhai Town's four dragons.

Ge Hong Liang got up excitedly, saying loudly, "Thank you sire for your trust, I will not let you down!"

To throw such a chance to a new person showed the absolute trust in him, making him feel touched.

Xu Zhengchang and Sun Tengjiao, seeing that their leader was placed in such an important position, their last shred of worry disappeared. They started to really assimilate and think that they were a part of Shanhai Town.

Ouyang Shuo held a principle of trusting people and not doubting them. He believed that with his ability, Ge Hongliang would be able to manage the Military Affairs Department and share some of his worry. The divisions under the Military Affairs Department weren't complete, and Ouyang Shuo did not want to rush it and build it straight away. Hence he decided to let it grow and wait for a time before making such changes.

Establishing the Military Affairs Department solved the mess and chaos in the Military Intelligence Division. The old division could be said to work independently, but it was also under the leadership of General Shi, as a sort of reserve unit, not having a suitable allocation. The Armoury Division took up the responsibility of building weapons and equipment, and thus this issue was settled.

Zhao Youfang from the Combat Logistics Division was demoted to vice secretary because of his bad performance at the year-end assessment. He had already been reinstated as secretary and now that his division had been moved under the Military Affairs Department, the start of military independence had begun.

As the Combat Logistics Division went away, the position of the Material Resource Department dropped once again. However this was something that was inevitable, as the department was setted up to solve the problems that came with privatization. Now that privatization was progressing well, most of the functions of the department weren't able to keep up with the speed of progress and needed to be released.

The office of the Military Affairs Department was already arranged by Ouyang Shuo. "To be built at Northeast Military District, a four-in-one base for all four divisions that are under the military affairs department will be needed."

"No problem!" Zhao Dewang nodded and said.

This arrangement was firstly because the Lord's Manor didn't have anymore working space and secondly, be it for the armory division or the barracks, they were all at the military district so housing the department there would be more convenient.

After the reorganisation of the Military Affairs Department, Ouyang Shuo turned to look at Yingyu and smiled, "Yu'er, I found a talent for your department but I don't know if it's easy to enter your department?"

"Big brother don't tease me like this, others don't know but you should know how busy I am. To have someone to split the load is what I desperately want."

Ouyang Shuo nodded and announced, "I've decided to appoint Xu Zhengchang as the deputy director of the Financial Department and also the secretary of the Business Division, at the same time taking away the position of secretary from Cui Yingyu."

Xu Zhenchang stood up and bowed, thanking excitedly, "Thank you sire for your trust, I won't let you down!"

Xu Zhenchang had loads of government affairs experience and would be of great help to the Financial Department. With his years of experience in different departments and divisions, it would be effortless for him to manage the business division. Ouyang Shuo also didn't want all of Cui Yingyu's effort and time to be spent on the Business Division and wanted her to control the big picture.

After arranging the territorial government structure, Ouyang Shuo kept all the military personnel to hold a military meeting. The people who joined apart from the captains from Shanhai Town, there was also the village protection squad captain from Qiushui village Zhang Daniu. Even Pei Donglai who was busy training in Beihai Town had brought Zhou Feng and Youfang to rush back. Youfang was an elite water bandit, so after being recommended by Pei Donglai, was promoted to the navy second squadron captain.

"Mr. Ge is not only our military affairs director but also our war advisor. The Spring Assault is of utmost importance, Mr. Ge will arrange and command this. His orders are the same as my orders. You must help and follow his orders to the best

best of your abilities, do not slack." Ouyang Shuo said directly.

"We will follow your orders!" Ouyang Shuo's authority in the military was unchallenged as all the leaders were chosen and nurtured by him. Many of them held doubts but they still placed it aside and listened Ouyang Shuo's instructions.

Military planning and command wasn't Ouyang Shuo's strong suit. As a modern person, it was hard for one to have such knowledge, especially of cold weapon era warfare. He only learned a bit from books and movies, and was still on the learning and grasping stage. Hence, he gave off a little of the power to the more experienced Ge Hongliang to lead the Spring Assault.

Following which, Ouyang Shuo introduced Sun Tengjiao to them, he would be in charge of the 3rd cavalry squadron formed up of 100 of the men from the refugee camp.

"How's the training of the troops going?" Ouyang Shuo followed on.

"To reply to sire, it is going smoothly. The mixed camp has already started on coordinated training between infantry and cavalry troops, we believe that they will be sharp and ready for battle soon. The mountain barbarians have also adapted to military life and are mixing well with the other soldiers." General Shi replied.

"Very good. Apart from them, do not forget about the newly built 3rd cavalry squadron, we must help them to mix into the camp and get used to military discipline."

"Understood!"

"What about the village protection squad from Qiushui village?"

Zhang Daniu stood out and said loudly, "Sire dont worry, after the last mistake, we have trained even harder to win back our pride and honor. I can promise that the current village protection squadron is not weaker than any infantry squadron."

Ouyang Shuo nodded his head and turned to Pei Donglai, "What about the navy?"

Pei Donglai immediately stood up and replied, "Sire, after half a month of training, the two squadrons are completely in formation and can be thrown into battle."

Ouyang Shuo heaving a sigh of relief, he smiled. "That's good. Since it's like this, the Spring Assault can be started soon. Director Ge!"

"Present!"

"I trouble you to use these two days to familiarize yourself with the various troops in each area, and create a detailed battle report for me in accordance with the scouting report from the Military Intelligence Division." Ouyang Shuo ordered.

"Don't worry sire. As for the arrangement of raiders near the border region, I already have some understanding, I promise to complete the mission." Ge Hongliang said confidently.

"Good, then I will await the good news." Ouyang Shuo said.

Chapter 92 - Provocation



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun





May 7

Di Chen once again came out strongly.

"System Notice: Congratulations Player Di Chen for being the first lord in China server to upgrade to grade 3 town, rewarded 1100 merit points!"

"System Notice: Congratulations player Di Chen for being the first lord in China to upgrade to grade 3 town…"

"System Notice: Congratulations…"

Handan Town took only half a month to upgrade from a grade 2 town to a grade 3 town, finally regaining the top spot in China and breaking Shanhai Town's dominance.

The outside world was in a flurry as slowly, the doubts towards Ouyang Shuo had started to spread. Many people feel that the Six Tyrants of Handan had a strong background and that the only reason why Ouyang Shuo took the lead was purely by luck. Now that Di Chen had shown his strength, Shanhai Town is nothing.

Such thoughts were certainly common as everywhere on the forums there were posts laughing and mocking Shanhai Town. Some were jeering while others felt it was pitiful and wasted, while most were there to stir up trouble.

"1st post: The tale of Shanhai Town has now been destroyed, Di Chen is the king of the Chinese server!"

"2nd post: The black horse has been washed white, the glory of Shanhai Town is no more!!!"

"3rd post: Starting from Shang Zhongyong, the discussion

the discussion on the rise and fall of Qiyue Wuyi!"

"4th post: Shooting star has fallen, I pay respects to the past glory of Shanhai Town!"

"5th post: Two men competing, Di Chen takes the lead!"

"6th post: This proves that lord's mode is only for rich people, normal players will lose!"

"7th post: Who will be the next black horse, let us wait and see!"

"8th post: six tyrants of Handan had proved himself again, is there a chance for a reunion?"

……

Even the other members of the Handan alliance, Zhan Lang and Sha Pojun also came out to cheer on Di Chen, dissing Shanhai Town to strengthen the reputation of the Handan Alliance.

Expectedly, Ouyang Shuo did not lack supporters. Many players considered him as the representative player of commoner players and treated him as their role model. Siege Lion and Xunlong Dianxue, as well as other leaders, came out to cheer on Shanhai Town.

"1st post: We support Shanhai Town, I can't stand those clowns who get so arrogant when they have a small lead!!"

"2nd post: Good luck Qiyue Wuyi, we will always support you!"

"3rd post: Our flag-bearer won't die, our faith won't be destroyed, Shanhai Town stay in there!"

"4th post: Qiyue Wuyi, you are our pride, destroy Di Chen!"

"5th post: The legend continues, we support Shanhai Town, support Qiyue Wuyi!"

……

Supporters of both sides got into a war of words, shooting comments on one another, making it very lively.

At that moment, Di Chen suddenly announced through the global channel, "Qiyue Wuyi? Only a small fry!"

Originally, Ouyang Shuo didn't pay much attention to the war of words on the forum. Handan Town's fast upgrading speed was what he had expected. Seeing that he had so many supporters, he was also very touched. However, this time Di Chen was too arrogant, which was beyond what he could bear.

Facing Di Chen's provocation, Ouyang Shuo did not choose to hide and instead teased, "I'll let you be arrogant for a few days!"

This time, he had outright regarded Di Chen as an enemy, not having any chance of reconciliation. He did not expect that person would have rushed to achieve the short sighted goals. He invited large amounts of players into his territory which would definitely affect the future development of various productions in the territory.

One mustn't look at how great Di Chen looks like now, he would definitely face problems in the future. Probably not long after, not only will he not keep up with Ouyang Shuo, he would not even be the leader of the Six Tyrants of Handan.

Hence after shouting in the global announcement channel, Ouyang Shuo kept quiet.

He did not bother about the discussions in the outside world and patiently prepared for the spring offensive.

Ouyang Shuo not caring didn't mean that others would not too. The 2 current leaders' war of words brought this situation up to a new level and various powers were discussing how to deal with it.

……

Consonance Town meeting hall, the 4 flowers were gathered once again.

"Elder sister, what are your thoughts on Di Chen's provocation?" Zi Luolan asked.

"What can my thoughts be? The truth is apparent, Di Chen just wants to make himself look good to rebuild the reputation of the Handan Alliance and get back his position as leader of China." Bai Hua said.

"That's right, he wants to step on Qiyue Wuyi to climb upwards. It seems he had made good calculations and it seems to be quite successful. All the comments on the forums are dissing Shanhai Town. Although most are people he hired to support him, but we mustn't exclude the fact that many people who can't see the real situation might have the same thoughts." Tsing Yi added.

Zi Luolan was stunned, asking curiously, "4th sister's meaning is that you don't think his plan will work out?"

"Of course. Upgrading to a grade 3 town was only a small jump, as long as one used players to make up for the territory population you could upgrade easily. Only people like Di Chen would brag about it like clowns. The most important consideration would be from grade 3 town to grade 1 county. Based on the the tendencies of the system, it would definitely have some difficult task or requirements. Wasn't that how Shanhai Town had gotTown had got their lead in the first place? Didn't you see Qiyue Wuyi's reply, he was obviously very calm." Tsing Yi explained, no wonder she was the smart one, being able to see the crux of the problem.

Bai Hua nodded, "4th sister is right. There's also one point, I don't know if you noticed?"

"What point?" They asked curiously.

"Qiyue Wuyi gave us the privatization method." Bai Hua said.

"Eldest sister's meaning is?"

"That's right!" Bai Hua nodded her head.

"Aiya, can you two stop doing mute riddles, what point??" Hong Ying, who couldn't understand anything, shouted.

"From that privatization strategy, it seems that he has a deep understanding of the game, and we can confirm that he was a beta player. Not only that, his participation was also very high. I think Qiyue Wuyi probably understood the requirements needed to upgrade the town, which was why he could set such a plan with a set goal in mind. This was why he would be able to gain an unassailable lead and get the title of the first town." Bai Hua explained.

Luo Zilan's brain worked fast and had already reacted, saying with uncertainty, "Big Sister's meaning is that Qiyue Wuyi already knows the requirements to upgrade to a grade 1 county and that they are very difficult. Even with Di Chen's ability, he wouldn't be able to complete in a short time, which was why he was so fearless?"

"That's right!"

"But how is that possible?" Zi Luolan couldn't believe that information which someone with such a deep family background like Di Chen couldn't know, how would Qiyue Wuyi know?"

Bai Hua laughed, "Firstly this is only my guess. Secondly, the game is very mysterious, based on the personality of Gaia, for such things to happen is not rare at all."

"Talking about specifics, did you notice that out of all the people from Handan alliance cheering for Di Chen, there lacked one person?" Tsing Yi said.

"Feng Qiuhuang?"

"That's right! About this person, what does elder sister know?"

Bai Hua shook her head and laughed bitterly, "She did not join any game before so how would I know anything? What I know is only basic information revealed on the forums."

"Little sister do have some speculation." Tsing Yi smiled.

"Oh? Quickly, tell us!"

Tsing Yi nodded, "The people that Feng Qiuhuang is representing is a joint power. Any person in the alliance wouldn't be able to stand against Di Chen alone, hence they could only come together. This kind of team rests heavily on the leadership ability of the leader. For Feng Qiuhuang to be able to stand out shows her ability. Her background was revealed on the forums and that she's was from one of the biggest families in the alliance the Feng family."

"The Feng family was a special family, the men were placed above the women. The men wouldn't need to join any family matters and just played all day while still holding the highest powers in the family. The females did all the work but in the end are the sacrifices for the family. The name Feng Qiuhuang is the best description for the Feng family."

"Little sister's conjecture is that as the brightest female member in a few hundred years, she didn't want to be the next puppet and sacrifice. What she wanted was a hidden ally that wasn't a member of the six tyrants of Handan, hence Qiyue Wuyi was the most suitable. Did you notice that during the siege of beasts when Shanhai Town became the first, that Feng Qiuhuang sent her congratulations. And this time when the Handan Alliance ganged up against Qiyue Wuyi, she did not participate. From this we can tell that she isn't of one heart with the Handan Alliance and she wants to work and cooperate with Qiyue Wuyi."

Bai Hua took the lead to clap, praising, "No wonder you are our little Zhuge, with such small clues you can make such big conjectures and see the crux of the situation."

Tsing Yi felt a little embarrassed, "This was just a guess, who knows if it is accurate."

"Ok all, no matter what, we must trust in our allies. As for other things, let's not care and just do well on our side!" Bai Hua concluded.



* * *





Chapter 92




Chapter 92: TWO Chapter 92 – Provocation

Chapter 92 – Provocation



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun





May 7

Di Chen once again came out strongly.

“System Notice: Congratulations Player Di Chen for being the first lord in China server to upgrade to grade 3 town, rewarded 1100 merit points!”

“System Notice: Congratulations player Di Chen for being the first lord in China to upgrade to grade 3 town…”

“System Notice: Congratulations…”

Handan Town took only half a month to upgrade from a grade 2 town to a grade 3 town, finally regaining the top spot in China and breaking Shanhai Town’s dominance.

The outside world was in a flurry as slowly, the doubts towards Ouyang Shuo had started to spread. Many people feel that the Six Tyrants of Handan had a strong background and that the only reason why Ouyang Shuo took the lead was purely by luck. Now that Di Chen had shown his strength, Shanhai Town is nothing.

Such thoughts were certainly common as everywhere on the forums there were posts laughing and mocking Shanhai Town. Some were jeering while others felt it was pitiful and wasted, while most were there to stir up trouble.

“1st post: The tale of Shanhai Town has now been destroyed, Di Chen is the king of the Chinese server!”

“2nd post: The black horse has been washed white, the glory of Shanhai Town is no more!!!”

“3rd post: Starting from Shang Zhongyong, the discussion on the rise and fall of Qiyue Wuyi!”

“4th post: Shooting star has fallen, I pay respects to the past glory of Shanhai Town!”

“5th post: Two men competing, Di Chen takes the lead!”

“6th post: This proves that lord's mode is only for rich people, normal players will lose!”

“7th post: Who will be the next black horse, let us wait and see!”

“8th post: six tyrants of Handan had proved himself again, is there a chance for a reunion?”

……

Even the other members of the Handan alliance, Zhan Lang and Sha Pojun also came out to cheer on Di Chen, dissing Shanhai Town to strengthen the reputation of the Handan Alliance.

Expectedly, Ouyang Shuo did not lack supporters. Many players considered him as the representative player of commoner players and treated him as their role model. Siege Lion and Xunlong Dianxue, as well as other leaders, came out to cheer on Shanhai Town.

“1st post: We support Shanhai Town, I can't stand those clowns who get so arrogant when they have a small lead!!”

“2nd post: Good luck Qiyue Wuyi, we will always support you!”

“3rd post: Our flag-bearer won't die, our faith won't be destroyed, Shanhai Town stay in there!”

“4th post: Qiyue Wuyi, you are our pride, destroy Di Chen!”

“5th post: The legend continues, we support Shanhai Town, support Qiyue Wuyi!”

……

Supporters of both sides got into a war of words, shooting comments on one another, making it very lively.

At that moment, Di Chen suddenly announced through the global channel, “Qiyue Wuyi? Only a small fry!”

Originally, Ouyang Shuo didn't pay much attention to the war of words on the forum. Handan Town’s fast upgrading speed was what he had expected. Seeing that he had so many supporters, he was also very touched. However, this time Di Chen was too arrogant, which was beyond what he could bear.

Facing Di Chen’s provocation, Ouyang Sh

uo did not choose to hide and instead teased, “I’ll let you be arrogant for a few days!”

This time, he had outright regarded Di Chen as an enemy, not having any chance of reconciliation. He did not expect that person would have rushed to achieve the short sighted goals. He invited large amounts of players into his territory which would definitely affect the future development of various productions in the territory.

One mustn't look at how great Di Chen looks like now, he would definitely face problems in the future. Probably not long after, not only will he not keep up with Ouyang Shuo, he would not even be the leader of the Six Tyrants of Handan.

Hence after shouting in the global announcement channel, Ouyang Shuo kept quiet.

He did not bother about the discussions in the outside world and patiently prepared for the spring offensive.

Ouyang Shuo not caring didn't mean that others would not too. The 2 current leaders’ war of words brought this situation up to a new level and various powers were discussing how to deal with it.

……

Consonance Town meeting hall, the 4 flowers were gathered once again.

“Elder sister, what are your thoughts on Di Chen’s provocation?” Zi Luolan asked.

“What can my thoughts be? The truth is apparent, Di Chen just wants to make himself look good to rebuild the reputation of the Handan Alliance and get back his position as leader of China.” Bai Hua said.

“That's right, he wants to step on Qiyue Wuyi to climb upwards. It seems he had made good calculations and it seems to be quite successful. All the comments on the forums are dissing Shanhai Town. Although most are people he hired to support him, but we mustn't exclude the fact that many people who can't see the real situation might have the same thoughts.” Tsing Yi added.

Zi Luolan was stunned, asking curiously, ”4th sister’s meaning is that you don't think his plan will work out?”

“Of course. Upgrading to a grade 3 town was only a small jump, as long as one used players to make up for the territory population you could upgrade easily. Only people like Di Chen would brag about it like clowns. The most important consideration would be from grade 3 town to grade 1 county. Based on the the tendencies of the system, it would definitely have some difficult task or requirements. Wasn't that how Shanhai Town had got their lead in the first place? Didn't you see Qiyue Wuyi’s reply, he was obviously very calm.” Tsing Yi explained, no wonder she was the smart one, being able to see the crux of the problem.

Bai Hua nodded, ”4th sister is right. There's also one point, I don't know if you noticed?”

“What point?” They asked curiously.

“Qiyue Wuyi gave us the privatization method.” Bai Hua said.

“Eldest sister’s meaning is?”

“That's right!” Bai Hua nodded her head.

“Aiya, can you two stop doing mute riddles, what point??” Hong Ying, who couldn't understand anything, shouted.

“From that privatization strategy, it seems that he has a deep understanding of the game, and we can confirm that he was a beta player. Not only that, his participation was also very high. I think Qiyue Wuyi probably understood the requirements needed to upgrade the town, which was why he could set such a plan with a set goal in mind. This was why he would be able to gain an unassailable lead and get the title of the first town.” Bai Hua explained.

Luo Zilan’s brain worked fast and had already reacted, saying with uncertainty, ”Big Sister’s meaning is that Qiyue Wuyi already knows the requirements to upgrade to a grade 1 county and that they are very difficult. Even with Di Chen’s ability, he wouldn't be able to complete in a short time, which was why he was so fearless?”

“That's right!”

“But how is that possible?” Zi Luolan couldn't believe that information which someone with such a deep family background like Di Chen couldn't know, how would Qiyue Wuyi know?”

Bai Hua laughed, ”Firstly this is only my guess. Secondly, the game is very mysterious, based on the personality of Gaia, for such things to happen is not rare at all.”

“Talking about specifics, did you notice that out of all the people from Handan alliance cheering for Di Chen, there lacked one person?” Tsing Yi said.

“Feng Qiuhuang?”

“That's right! About this person, what does elder sister know?”

Bai Hua shook her head and laughed bitterly, ”She did not join any game before so how would I know anything? What I know is only basic information revealed on the forums.”

“Little sister do have some speculation.” Tsing Yi smiled.

“Oh? Quickly, tell us!”

Tsing Yi nodded, “The people that Feng Qiuhuang is representing is a joint power. Any person in the alliance wouldn't be able to stand against Di Chen alone, hence they could only come together. This kind of team rests heavily on the leadership ability of the leader. For Feng Qiuhuang to be able to stand out shows her ability. Her background was revealed on the forums and that she’s was from one of the biggest families in the alliance the Feng family.”

“The Feng family was a special family, the men were placed above the women. The men wouldn't need to join any family matters and just played all day while still holding the highest powers in the family. The females did all the work but in the end are the sacrifices for the family. The name Feng Qiuhuang is the best description for the Feng family.”

“Little sister’s conjecture is that as the brightest female member in a few hundred years, she didn't want to be the next puppet and sacrifice. What she wanted was a hidden ally that wasn't a member of the six tyrants of Handan, hence Qiyue Wuyi was the most suitable. Did you notice that during the siege of beasts when Shanhai Town became the first, that Feng Qiuhuang sent her congratulations. And this time when the Handan Alliance ganged up against Qiyue Wuyi, she did not participate. From this we can tell that she isn't of one heart with the Handan Alliance and she wants to work and cooperate with Qiyue Wuyi.”

Bai Hua took the lead to clap, praising, ”No wonder you are our little Zhuge, with such small clues you can make such big conjectures and see the crux of the situation.”

Tsing Yi felt a little embarrassed, ”This was just a guess, who knows if it is accurate.”

“Ok all, no matter what, we must trust in our allies. As for other things, let's not care and just do well on our side!” Bai Hua concluded.



* * *





Chapter 93




Chapter 93: TWO Chapter 93 - Unstoppable Force

Chapter 93 - Unstoppable Force



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Levs



Meanwhile, in the Fallen Phoenix Town lord bureau.

“Sister, Di Chen’s side is remaining silent against us to express their dissatisfaction.” An 18-year-old, petite, female strategist said.

In the town of Fallen Phoenix, other than the town lord Feng Qiuhuang, there were also 4 core members: Qing Luan, Zhu Que, Hei Tian'er and Xue Ya, the princesses from the Alliance’s 4 core clans. These 4 girls were all top-rated in terms of their appearances and abilities.

“Hmph, who does he thinks he is? Behaving so arrogantly, we joined the Handan Alliance but that doesn’t mean that he can order us around as if we’re some pawns. Qing Luan, go and tell them that we, Fallen Phoenix, have our own position. We will not give in to them and Handan town has no right to interfere.”

Feng Qiuhuang frowned and anger could be seen clearly on her beautiful face as she was extremely discontented with the arrogant Di Chen.

“Understood, but sister, why do you support that Qiyue Wuyi so much? Is he really that powerful?” asked a curious Qing Luan.

“You wouldn’t understand.”Feng Qiuhuang said as she frowned and murmured.

Upon seeing this, Qing Luan decided to give Feng Qiuhuang some private time and walked out quietly.



……

On the 18th of March, Shanhai town’s Spring Assault Operation officially commenced.

Their first victims were the two intermediate bandit camps. Three cavalry squadrons, along with three infantry squadrons from the main camp crushed the bandit camps one by one with unstoppable force under the command of Ge Hongliang. The operation seized 387 gold coins, huge amounts of equipment and supplies, and captured 67 bandits and 241 non-combat personnel as prisoners of war.

On the same day, Qiushui town also brought good news: under the leading of Zhang Daniu, the garrison platoon had annihilated and abolished a low basic bandit camp. As for the loot, Ouyang Shuo did not touch them and fully handed it over to Qiushui Town.



………

On the 20th of March, after a day of rest, Ouyang Shuo’s forces launched their attack again.

The victim this time was the only advanced raiders’ camp within the border. In order to be foolproof, Ge Hongliang even shifted the troops garrisoned in Qiushui Town to participate in the operation. Ge Hongliang first ordered the infantry squadron to provoke the enemies in order to lure their main forces out of the fort. He then commanded the cavalry squadron to pierce through the enemy ranks from behind once they all got out of their fort, destroying them in one strike.

The result was rewarding. They seized 825 gold coins, huge amounts of weaponry, and captured 232 bandits and 375 non-combatant personnel as prisoners of war. In addition, they also acquired 1 territorial scroll, 5 civil servant job tokens, and 1 middle-ran

k space stone.

【Territorial scroll】(2) : Special talented person attraction rate increases by 5% after use.

【Space Stone】(Medium rank) : Increase storage capacity up to 100 cubic meters after use.



The territorial scroll and space stone were directly used by Ouyang Shuo. As for the 5 civil servant job tokens, they were given to Sun Yannong, Du Xiaolan, Zhao Youfang, Yang Yun and Yuan Shaoping. In the end, other than the Military Intelligence Division, Armory Division and the Security Division, the other divisions’ core officers have advanced their jobs to civil servants, increasing Shanhai Town’s administration efficiency to a higher level.

San Gouzi, the secretary of the Military Intelligence Division, had also successfully advanced to basic officer. Wang Hao, the secretary of the Armory Division, had to maintain his advanced blacksmith job, and the Security Division’s secretary, Li Tie, had already advanced to government servant.

After several battles, except for San Gouzi, Zhang Daniu and Lee Ming Liang had also advanced to basic officers. Liao Kai, Shi Hu and Wang Feng had also been promoted to rank 8 elite soldiers, only one step away from advancing to basic officers.

The sergeants who shined and performed great in the war were also promoted to lieutenants, chosen as alternative candidates for captains. A sergeant named Zhao Yan, had shined brightest among all, advancing straight into a rank 8 elite soldier and was promoted to the first infantry 1st squadron 2nd platoon lieutenant.

However, the greatest amazement was from Lin Yi. This little general had participated in every single battle and after a successful breakthrough, advanced to intermediate officer.

【Name】: Lin Yi (gold level)

【Identity】: Shanhai Town First Cavalry Squadron Captain

【Occupation】: Intermediate Officer

【Loyalty】: 90 points

【Leadership】: 40

【War】: 50

【Intelligence】: 25

【Political】: 20

【Skill】: Lin Family’s Hereditary Spearmanship (Total 12 styles)

【Equipment】: Fine Iron Spear, Pommel Sword, Fine War Horse

【Evaluation】: Started learning the art of war and practicing spearmanship at a very small age, but has wild and bohemian behavior.

…

On the 22th of March, Shanhai Town launched a total assault at the last large-scale water bandit camp within the border. An army of 900 soldiers from the main camps’ 3 cavalry squadrons and 3 infantry squadrons, along with the navy forces and the troopers garrisoned in Qiushui Town, marched towards the bandit camp through land and sea under the command of Ge Hongliang.

The navy launched a feint attack on the river as a decoy to lure the water bandits out of their camps. Once the water bandits got lured out, the infantry squadrons and the cavalry squadrons stormed with lightning speed into the bandits’ camp and took over the camp.

With their camps taken over and their path to escape intercepted by the navy forces, the helpless water bandits see neither the hope of winning nor escaping, they were forced to lower their heads and surrendered.

Because of the well-planned strategy and effective tactics used in this battle, the water bandit camp was taken down with little effort. Other than the 52 bandits that were killed, the other 1000 people in the camp were all taken prisoner by the forces of Shanhai Town. A total of 954 gold coins, a huge amount of materials, three intermediate warships, and four special items were seized in the battle.

These special items included two talismans, a series of books of the Art of War and “Meng Chong Warship Manufacturing Manual”. However, it was a shame that the village creation token Song Jia wanted did not drop in the loot.

【Talisman of Vitality】: Quickly restores strength and combat power upon use.

【Talisman of Rapid Marching】: Increases the troops’ marching speed by 50% for two hours upon usage.



The two talismans were very rare and valuable. This was because, at crucial moments, one could turn the tables of fortune to their side if used appropriately. As for the talisman of rapid marching, it was even more valuable. If used for raiding, it could result in the enemy’s wrongful calculations, causing forces to reach the enemy’s ranks earlier than expected and deliberately crushing them with the element of surprise.

【Name】:《Liu Tao》: (Wu Tao Volume)

【Stats】: Upon equipping, increases leadership by 10 points and battalions combat power by 10%.

【Evaluation】: One of the ancient top-ten books about the art of war. A famous book that contains the pre – Qin military tactics and thinking, often known as the ancestor of every book about the Art of War. 《Liu Tao》 has six volumes in total, and the “Wu Tao Volume” is the second volume. It talks about military strategies and tactics.

《Liu Tao》: Although only a remnant is left, its effectiveness is still incredible. If all of the volumes could be acquired again, god knows what kind of amazing stats it has.



【Meng Chong Warship Manufacturing Manual】: Acquires the technology to produce Meng Chong Warship upon usage.

Meng Chong Warships were used by the Han Dynasty as the main naval warship. This type of warship had high mobility and high thrusting force to tear enemy ships apart due to its long and narrow hull. With the manual, the naval shipyard had finally gotten their hands on the knowledge to produce decent moderate warships to arm the navy.

Ouyang Shuo participated in the entire Shanhai Town’s Spring Assault Operation, and as a result, his level soared to a whopping level 40, surpassing the highest level 38 adventurer player in a blink of an eye.

Not only that, thanks to the continuous extermination of the 4 bandit camps and one water bandit camp, the successful establishment of Qiushui Town, and promoting a village into a town, his meritorious value had skyrocketed to 13200 points and his prestige value reached 10450 points. As a result, he had now been promoted to a 2nd class Earl, and advanced to a prestigious level and obtained the title of “Patriot”.

Ouyang Shuo could not help but to check his own personal stats because of these rapid changes.

【Name】: Qiyue Wuyi

【Title】: Patriot (Increases NPCs’ relationship by 25%)

【Territory】: Shanhai Town

【Level】: 40

【Merit】: 13200 / 25600

【Rank】: 2nd class Earl

【Body Structure】: 18

【Comprehension】: 21

【Luck】: 5

【Charm】: 8

【Command】: 53 + 10

【Force】: 16

【Intelligence】: 13

【Political】: 50

【Talent】: Locked

【Technique】: Bajiquan

【Art of War】: 《Liu Tao》(Wu Tao Volume)

【Skills】: Advanced Collection, Basic Shipbuilding, Intermediate Diplomacy, Advanced Scouting, Advanced Weapon Proficiency, Basic Riding, Basic Spearsmanship, Basic archery

【Mount】: Black Tornado (Gold)

【Equipment】: Ring of Courage (Gold), Exquisite Composite Bow (Gold), Exquisite Iron Sword (Gold), Exquisite Iron Spear (Gold), Bulls Guardian (Dark Gold), Barbaric Gauntlet (Silver), Barbaric War Boots (Silver), Bulls Belt (Silver), Bulls Gauntlet (Silver)

【Unique Items】: Talisman of Blood Thirsting, Talisman of Vitality, Talisman of Rapid Marching

Ever since deciding to pump his stats more towards an officer, his stats for strength should’ve been higher for sure. Therefore, when his political stat touched 50 points, Ouyang Shuo then auto assigned his stat points to 1 command and 1 strength every time he leveled up. That was because 50 points in the political stats were more than enough. Besides, he had so many strategists helping him with his political works.

As for the talent column, to unlock it would greatly depend on his luck. Some players had unlocked their talents at the 10+ level, and some hadn’t even unlocked their talents even around 50 to 60 levels. For those like Ouyang Shuo who did not unlock their talents at level 40 were in the minority of the game. The main reason was that they leveled up with the help of external forces. This was because the easiest way to unlock a player’s talents was through participating in war a countless number of times, and to unlock them by fighting for his or her life on the battlefield.

After a long period of practice, Ouyang Shuo’s Bajiquan had finally leveled up, reaching the rank of Novice. In addition, his gathering, diplomatic, scouting, weapon proficiency, and the other basic skills had also increased by one level. The only disappointing part was that he had yet to find himself a suitable art of spearsmanship for himself.

Other than these changes, Ouyang Shuo had also upgraded some of his equipment. After seizing a large amount of weaponry and armor, he easily replaced his sword and bow with gold class weapons. As for the dark gold level weapons, he did not obtain any of them because they still remained invaluable and rare in numbers.

That said, everything came with a good side and a bad side. Although the battle to wipe out the water bandits was very smooth, because the bandits did not put up much of a fight with the army, those rank 8 elite soldiers who were on the verge of breaking through to rank 9 missed their chance for advancement. If they wanted to advance into basic officers, there was still quite a long way to go.



* * *





Chapter 94




Chapter 94: TWO Chapter 94 - Grade 3 Town

Chapter 94 - Grade 3 Town



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun



The five days of intense Spring Assault Operation had brought Shanhai Town abundant rewards.

First of all was the population of the town. There had been an increase in population by 1967 people, among them were 868 armed forces and 1099 non-combat personnel, exceeding the limit of maximum 5000 people the town could have. With no choices left, Ouyang Shuo had to transfer some of the captives into Beihai Town and Qiushui Town.

Among the 868 combat personnel, 18 of them who have committed a series of unforgivable sins were executed, 600 of them recruited and reorganized into the army, and 250 of them were sent to the mining site to mine minerals for one year.

The navy picked out some of the captives from the large-scale water bandit camp and reorganized them into another 3 squadrons. With this, the Navy Unit was officially formed and placed under the command of intermediate officer, Colonel Pei Donglai, acting as the head of the navy unit. Under him was Zhou Feng as the 1st navy squadron captain, You Fang as the 2nd navy squadron captain, Li Hai as the 3rd navy squadron captain and the other two squadrons would temporarily have no captain.

Li Hai, a basic officer who was one of the best among all of them in the water bandit camp with a good reputation among the villagers, was promoted straight to a captain.

The cavalry squadron had formed another 3 more squadrons, officially establishing the Shanhai Town Cavalry Unit and placed under the command of intermediate officer, Lin Yi, who was acting as the colonel of the cavalry unit. Under him was Lee Mingliang, as the 1st cavalry squadron captain; Sun Tengjiao as the 2nd cavalry squadron captain; Liao Kai as the 3rd cavalry squadron captain; Guo Liang as the 4th cavalry squadron captain; Su Wang as the 5th cavalry squadron captain.

Similar to Li Hai, Su Wang was also a basic officer originated from the water bandit camp. Albeit he was from a bandit camp, an elite who was very firm with his own principal based on justice. After understanding about his situation, Ouyang Shuo decisively promoted him to a captain.

Ouyang Shuo expanded all of the troop divisions except for the infantry division as he had plans for them. According to his plan, he hoped to recruit quality troops from the mountain barbarian tribes. In order to improve efficiency, he arranged the infantry into a unit and place them under Shi Wansui, maintaining the same 3 squadrons.

Another fruitful result from the battles was the financial aspect. The money seized, including the money gained from selling building blueprints, was a total of 2250 gold. After deducting the expenses for upgrading the armies and officers, there was still a total of 1710 gold.

However, regardless of the massive income, Ouyang Shuo had yet to have a plan on how to maximize the advantage of the gold coins. The main concern now was on upgrading the town level into level 3 as fast as possible as the population of the town was reaching its limit. Unfortunately, the progress had come to a halt because of the alchemy workshop, one of the basic requirement buildings to level up the town level, was not available yet because there was no alchemist in the town.

As expected by Ouyang Shuo, the most troublesome issue to upgrading the town level was this goddamn alchemist. He couldn’t believe that even with everythin

g he had now and the conditions of the Shanhai Town, it was still so hard to spawn an alchemist. God knows how Di Chen got so lucky, getting an alchemist in just half a month.

In the end, Fan Zhongyan reminded Ouyang Shuo, ”My lord, if I recall correctly, the Recruitment Hall recruits one people with special talents once a month, and you have not used it this month, so why don’t you give it a try?”

Ouyang Shuo nodded but he did not hold too much hope and replied with a wry smile.

“There’s no such coincidence in this world, getting an alchemist that we urgently need just like that.”

“If you don’t give it a try, you wouldn’t know, my lord.”

“Okay then, I’ll give it a try then.”, said the compromised Ouyang Shuo.



This was the 2nd time Ouyang Shuo had walked into the recruitment hall. The last time he entered, the hall recruited two men of great talent, Fan Zhongyan and Du Chun, but would the hall help Ouyang Shuo to solve his problem this time?

“System Notification: Congratulations to player Qiyue Wuyi for operating the Recruitment Hall, there is one use left for the hall at the moment, do you want to recruit someone?”

“Yes!”

“System Notification: Congratulations to player Qiyue Wuyi for successfully recruiting one special talented personnel…An advanced alchemist. 10 gold auto-deducted from inventory.”

A white light flashed and a portal appeared. Immediately, a European appearing to be 30 years old walked out from the portal, saluted Ouyang Shuo in a very medieval aristocratic way, and said enthusiastically, “Magnus at your service, my lord.”

HA, praise the lord, Ouyang Shuo really managed to recruit an alchemist! The happy Ouyang Shuo then smiled and said: “Mr. Magnus, welcome to Shanhai Town!”

After the recruitment of Magnus, the rest was very simple. By giving it everything they had, an alchemy workshop was built in only 1 day by the Construction Division, and the master alchemist, Magnus, officially settled down in the workshop. With this, the final barrier stopping the town from upgrading was finally removed completely.



….

24th of March, 9.00pm, Shanhai Town Hall

Ouyang Shuo whispered to himself in his mind, Territory upgrade. A white light flashed across his eyes, the hearstone rose from the ground slowly, he placed his right hand on the heartstone, and the system notification prompted.



“System Notification: Scanning for Shanhai Town upgrading requirements….”

“Requirement 1: Reaching a population of 5000 people --- requirement met.”

“Requirement 2: Constructing all basic buildings required --- requirement met.”

“Requirement 3: The town lord must be at least a first class viscount --- requirement met.”

“System Notification: Congratulations to player Qiyue Wuyi for meeting the requirements to upgrade Shanhai Town, do you want to upgrade?”

“Upgrade!”



A golden ray shot up to the sky from the heartstone exploded into energy and spread around. The golden energy disappeared once it spread up to the far border of the territory.

“System Notification: Congratulations to player Qiyue Wuyi for being the 2nd player upgrading his town into a grade 3 town. Reward: 1000 points of merit points.”

“System Notification: Congratulations to player Qiyue Wuyi for …….

“System Notification: Congratulations……

Shanhai Town only managed to finally advance to a level 3 town one week after Di Chen upgraded Handan town into a grade 3 town. However, this was still a counter to the questions troubling Shanhai Town. The nationwide competition for the world’s first district had officially kicked off.

“System Notification: Congratulations to player Qiyue Wuyi for upgrading Shanhai town to a grade 3 town. The town level lord hall has leveled up. Randomly selecting 3 grade 3 town buildings, the player can choose one of them to build.”

“System Notification: The randomly selected buildings are the inn, pawnshop and jewelry shop, please choose!”

“Choose the pawnshop!”

“System Notification: The building is generated automatically. Player is free to view now.” Another white light flashed, and the heartstone once again sank into the ground slowly. Ouyang Shuo then took a look to check on the stats of Shanhai Town.

Territory: Shanhai Town (Level 3 Town)

Lord: Qiyue Wuyi (Second class Earl)

Title: The World’s First Town (Increase town renown by 20%)

Morale: 92

Security: 91

Population: 5000/10000

Refugee Spawn Rate: 50 * (1 + 50%) = 75 / day

Territory area: 1000 square kilometers

Territory Unique Characteristics:

+50% Refugee attraction rate

+25% Special talented people attraction rate

+50% Crop production rate

+25% Productivity of workers

+20% Experience earned by troops

+10% Chances of talented people in the territory to advance a level

Subsidiary Village: Beihai town (Level 1 town), Qiu Shui town (level 1 town)

Treasury: Four Seas Bank

Territory Association: Textile Association

Territory Resources: Intermediate Logging, Intermediate Stone Mining, Intermediate Mineral Mining, Advanced Brick Kiln

Territory Forces: Cavalry Unit, Infantry Unit, Navy Unit, Qiushui Town Garrison Squadron

Territory Industry Prop: Northern Saltworks (5000 mu), Langshan Mining Excavation Site

Political: 50/100 (Affects the administrative efficiency and morale)

Economic: 45/100 (Affects the trading prosperity and tax)

Cultural: 10/100 (Affects the education development and quality of residents)

Military: 50/100 (Affects the military strength and stability)

Infrastructure Building: Town Level Lord manor, Toilet, Granary, Cemetery, Inn

Agriculture building: Farm, Mill, Mulberry field, Orchard, Vegetable farm, Medicine garden

Commercial building: Intermediate Market, Intermediate Smithy, Intermediate Grocery Shop, Advanced Woodworking Workshop, Advanced Hospital, Advanced Dojo, Premium Tailor Shop, Garment Workshop, Intermediate Pottery Factory, Large Brewing Factory, Agriculture Market, Vinegar Workshop, Soy Sauce Workshop, Tofu Workshop, Pharmacy, Small Textile Mills, Advanced Alchemy Workshop.

Cultural Buildings: Ancestral Hall, Private School, Lian Zhou College

Military Buildings: Advanced Barracks, Castle Wall, Moats, Towers, Turrets, Stone Outposts, Stables, Weaponry Workshop, Weapon Arsenal

Special Buildings: Dock, Harbor, Intermediate Shipyard

Hidden Buildings: Mazu Temple (Sealed), Recruitment Hall

Taoist Buildings: Taoist Practice Place.

Construction conditions: Taoist, Taoist Building Blueprint, timber 2000 units, brick 320 units, stone 1000 units.

Construction time: 4 days.

Pawnshop: The collection of movable assets and real estate as collateral, to the other side of the debt agencies.

Construction conditions: Businessmen, Pawnshop Building Blueprint, Wood 1000 units, Brick 2000 units, Stone 1000 units.

Construction Time: 3 days. (Description: The building is automatically generated.)

Inn: To provide people shelter who are away from their homes.

Construction Conditions: Businessman, Inn Building Blueprint, Wood 2000 units, Brick 320 units, Stone 1000 units.

Construction Time: 4 days.

Restaurant: For people eating outside of their homes.

Construction Conditions: Advanced Chef, Restaurant Building Blueprint, Wood 2000 units, Brick 4000 units, Stone 1000 units.

Construction time: 5 days.

Jewelry Shop: Shops selling gold and silver jewelry.

Construction Conditions: Gold and Silver Craftsmen, Jewelry Shop Building Blueprint, Wood 1000 units, Brick 2000 units, Stone 1000 units.

Construction Time: 3 days.

Tea Garden: For planting tea plants.

Construction Conditions: Tea Plant, Wood 2000 units, Brick 500 units, Stone 500 units.

Construction Time: 2 days.



* * *





Chapter 95




Chapter 95: TWO Chapter 95 - Choice

Chapter 95 - Choice



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Levs



After he checked the properties of the territory, Ouyang Shuo pondered for a moment.

The maximum population of a grade 3 village was ten thousand men, according to the refugee spawn rate, under normal circumstances, it would take 2 months to fully reach the maximum.

The earlier advancement of the territory upgrade increased the territory size by two times. The original third phase of the Spring Assault operation was to exterminate bandits outside of territory, but now it was extermination of bandits within the territory area. Fortunately, the Military Intelligence Division had gathered enough information and the information were still applicable.

Of the indexes of the territory, the cultural index was still the lowest. Within this period of time, the refugees which have spawned contained a few xiucai and were all sent to the Lianzhou College by Ouyang Shuo. The Lianzhou College, now under the leadership of Xu Shuda, had already progressed smoothly and it wasn’t the half-established college anymore.

In between the operation Spring Assault, the moat work was completed. The secondary structures such as arrow towers and turrets were also done and in use. The defensive system of Shanhai Town was now preliminary fully established.

As for the basic building structures, they were all system changed to a brick and wood-stone structure. Of course, as the ancient architecturals, wood was still an important material in building structures, whether it be building carvings or paintings, they were all relying on the wood.

For the 6 buildings, the pawn shop was auto generated, it did not need to be taken care of. The tea garden did not require any building blueprints but only an open field and the wild tea trees, much like the mulberry garden as before. The rest were the Taoist temple, inn, restaurant and jewelry shop, their blueprints were acquired from the operation Spring Assault few days ago, it saved Ouyang Shuo 400 gold to spend on the blueprints.

The restaurant was nothing to talk about, Shuo had long promised it to be handed to Gu Sanniang. The inn and jewelry shop were also simple, there were already related talents on standing-by, the buildings could be built anytime now.

While the Taoist temple was the only issue, it needed at least a priest to preside over the temple. In the past life, most of the lords took a simpler path, within the players’ jobs, there were priests, hence, the lords would assign a priest player to preside over the temple.

……



10 AM in the morning, Lord’s manor, mayor office.

“Sire, after a month’s time of investigation, the Military Intelligence Division had gathered enough information about the nomadic tribes and also the Qingfu horses, I am specially here to report the details.” It was an ordinary-looking middle-aged man with a persevering face, he was one of the heads, Lei Xun.

Ever since the last expansion of the Military Intelligence Division, other than the ten staffs, the 40 of them were divided into two groups, Team One and Team Two. Leng Qian held the position of Team One leader while the other team was led by Lei Xun.

Ouyang Shuo’s heart skipped a beat, “Tell me, how is it like.”

“The nomadic t

ribes were formed with a large tribe as the core and tens of middle-small sized tribes around it. The large tribe was called Tian Qi tribe, 30,000 tribal men, situated in the middle of the basin and held the best pasture. In the middle of the basin exists an inland lake, they call it the Shen Juan Lake, the imperial court of the tribe stood right beside the lake. The rest of the small tribes ranged from hundred to thousands of tribal men, scattering around the basin.” Lei Xun reported.

“The closest to us?” Ouyang Shuo asked.

“The closest to us, there were three, it’s to the west, middle and east of us. On the west and east are both small tribes, less than a thousand tribal men. The one in the middle is a stronger tribe, a middle-sized tribe with over 3,000 tribal men.”

“What are their relations?”

“The middle-small tribes often fought each other, it occurs because of their competition for pasture, the Tian Qi tribe would then step in and stop the war. What’s interesting is, the Tian Qi tribe, with the ultimate purpose of maintaining its throne, it would secretly suppress the middle-sized tribes and support the small tribes. As a result, there weren’t any second tribes with over ten thousand tribal men. The long-lasting suppression causes dissatisfactions between the middle-sized tribes towards the Tian Qi tribe. But given the distinct difference in strength, they could only endure the suppression. Therefore, the small tribes would usually side with the Tian Qi tribe while the middle-sized tribes formed their own alliance.” Lei Xun answered.

Shuo nodded, “How about the Qingfu horses?”

“Not so good. The Qingfu horses are normally controlled by the nomadic tribes, it is hard to find another group of wild stallions. There are only two ways we can acquire the horses, by forcing a war or by trading.” Lei Xun answered bitterly.

“If we trade, will it work?” Shuo asked in uncertainty.

“The tribes are lacking in ironworks, and more if it is the daily resources such as salts and tea leaves, hence, it is theoretically possible for us to trade with them. Of course, that is if our fists are strong enough to defend ourselves. They are nomadic tribes, predators of nature, they are aggressive, things that can be plundered, they will not trade.” A month’s work was not in vain, Lei Xun had acquired a strong understanding of the situations of the nomadic tribes.

Ouyang Shuo tapped his fingers on the table and kept quiet. According to his plan, after upgrading to a grade 3 village, the last subordinate territory would be established on the borderline between the Friendship river and Qiushui river, it would act as the bridgehead for them to conquer the basin. But with the intelligence Lei Xun had gathered, establishing the subordinate territory there would face with the risk of getting plundered by the nomadic tribes.

It was constantly bugging him, that if he were to set up the Mingguang armor heavy cavalry unit, the system given ordinary warhorses could not even bear the weight of the armors, only the Qingfu warhorses could do so. Without a bridgehead, he would not be at ease to send his troops over to the other side of the river. If they were spotted by the nomadic tribes, they could not even retreat back to safety in time.

Taking a step back, if the bridgehead was not established, it would also be dangerous if they started trading deals with the name of Shanhai Town. It would only leave Shanhai Town exposed to the hungry nomadic wolves. Just as Lei Xun had said, the nomadic tribes were aggressive, they would not spend a single coin on things that they could plunder. Ouyang Shuo was not placed in a situation of perplexity.

Since he couldn’t make the decision on his own, he then decided to listen to the opinions of the others. Shuo requested Lei Xun to be patient as he called the concierge to ask the other 4 directors over.



20 minutes later, the 4 directors came one after another. Shuo instructed Lei Xun to brief the directors and he told them his plans and thoughts, then he asked: “What are your opinions?”

“Big brother, in my opinion, at times like this, we should stop the plan for the Qingfu horses. Since the Mingguang armor isn't producing at a fast rate, it would require some time to fully equip the cavalries. The most important issue now is to upgrade to a grade 1 county. It is still not too late to come back to this matter by then.” Yingyu who expressed her opinion standing on the point of view from the Finance Department.

Fan Zhongyan continued after her, “I agree with Director Cui. The nomadic tribes are all warriors, with the existing military power we have now, we are not yet strong enough. The best solution now is to stay put and ready ourselves.”

Seeing the two directors agreeing with each other to stop the plan on the Qingfu horses, the military representative Director Ge Hongliang could not sit still anymore, just when he was about to stand up, Tian Wenjing who was beside him suddenly rose and said loudly: “My lord, I hold a different opinion!”

“Please speak!” Honestly speaking, Ouyang Shuo didn’t want to stop the plan on the Qingfu horses either. Establishing the heavy cavalry could not only enhance the military strength, but it would also be useful in a big event later on. As he heard Tian Wenjing giving a different opinion, he was excited. The emotionless director, he wasn’t usually a talkative man, but once he opens his mouth, there must be some context in it.

“I think, not only do we need to build the bridgehead, we also need to build it fast before they even notice us, quickly and swiftly we will nail down a fortress on the riverside. Otherwise, after they notice and station their troops beside the river, it will be even harder for us to conquer the basin.” Tian Wenjing said.

Fan Zhongyang reputed his opinion: “Director Tian has a point, but have you thought of it, how can we build the territory without them noticing? This is not something that can be done within days. Furthermore, even if the territory is established, how can we defend ourselves from the nomadic tribes with the limited defensive capability? I’m afraid, in the end, all of the resources would be wasted in vain.”

But Tian Wenjing was clearly prepared, he answered with great confidence: “The solutions to the questions you ask are simple. Since it will be the bridgehead, then it will naturally not follow the normal procedure of a subordinate territory. We will build it as a military fortress. The first step is naturally to build a strong stone city wall, only after the wall is built will the inner city structures come. This way, we only need to station a little amount of garrison team and it will be enough to fight off the nomadic tribes. Since the nomadic tribes are troops of open-field warfare, siege battle is something they aren’t good at, they don’t even have the basic sieging weapons.”

‘That’s right, I suggest that we station the cavalry unit as a coordination team. Along with the garrisoned team, it will be sufficient to ensure the safety of the territory.” Ge Hongliang continued on, he did not expect that Tian Wenjing would have such a profound strategic vision. Even him as the director of Military Affairs did not think that far. It was only his immediate reaction that made him repute the suggestions, his instinct tells him that if they stop the plan on the Qingfu warhorses, they would miss a good opportunity, but how to do it, he did not have a good plan in mind. Now, Tian Wenjing gave them a perfect solution to the problem.

It was not her profession regarding military affairs, hence Yingyu kept quiet and listened. Fan Zhongyan pondered too after listening to Tian Wenjing’s explanation. He said nothing and it could be taken as a silent acquiescence.

Seeing the 4 directors agreeing on each other, Ouyang Shuo did not hesitate anymore and said: “Very good, we will do as Director Tian says, tomorrow we will start the construction of the third subordinate territory.”



* * *





Chapter 96




Chapter 96: TWO Chapter 96 - Transfer

Chapter 96 - Transfer



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun



After agreeing on the strategy, what they needed to discuss next was the officer of the subsidiary territory.

"This third subsidiary base will be named Friendship. It is right next to the Friendship river, and it also shows our kindness. For all these nomadic tribes that we don't have the ability to force submission, it's best that we discuss with them kindly. As compared to Beihai Town and Qiushui Town, the future of Friendship Town has more challenges. Hence a good officer is of utmost importance. This officer must be good in politics and care about the military troops there. He must also have good adapting abilities as it is across the river from the main town, and outside which are many strong powers, the main camp can't always be there to reply and help out. Who would all of you recommend?" Ouyang Shuo asked.

This was the first time that Ouyang Shuo had asked for the directors' opinions when choosing the officer of an subsidiary territory. In the case of Beihai Town and Qiushui Town, he’d made the decision on his own. This was the first time that Ouyang Shuo didn't have a good man in mind.



Out of the 4 directors, Ge Hongliang was the most relaxed. He had just joined Shanhai Town and belonged to the military so he obviously wouldn't have anyone good to recommend. As for the other 3 directors, they hesitated. If this recommendation went well, everyone would be happy, but if the recommendation was wrong, then the one who’d recommended him would have to be responsible.

The Finance Department was considered a more specialized Department, and from all the secretaries and managers, it was hard to find a person who could control the big picture. Hence, Yingyu shook her head and said that there was no one she could recommend.

The Material Reserves Department was similar and the various secretaries and managers came from nothing. It was already the limit to rule a division, how could they become an official of an subsidiary territory? The only one that stood out was the Salt Pan secretary Shen Zui, but his experience was lacking, and Tian Wenjing shook his head.

The one with the highest possibility was the Administration Department. They had many divisions and the various secretaries had higher stats. Fan Zhongyan hesitated. He had two choices in his heart, the Assistant Director Qin Shijian and the secretary of Household Registration Zhou Haichen. The 2 young men were exceptional, and could control the big picture. However, they each had their strengths and weaknesses, making it hard to decide.

"I recommend Qin Shijian and Zhou Haichen. Whom to pick I leave to sire." At last, Fan Zhongyan decided to leave the decision to Ouyang Shuo.

Ouyang Shuo nodded his head. These two men were the ones he’d expected to be recommended. Only now, he would have to be the one making the decision. Out of the two, it wasn't that Fan Zhongyan didn't have a preference, but this type of personnel arrangement was too sensitive and he didn't want to be too deeply involved.

Yingyu snickered at the side as she saw Ouyang Shuo having a hard time making the decision.

Ouyang Shuo stared at her and said, "Let's choose Zhou Haichen. The deputy secret

ary of the Household Registration Division will become the new secretary and take over from Zhou Haichen. Qin Shijian's position will also be moved, being a deputy director for so long, it's time for him to train by being a secretary. He will be the new Meritorious Services secretary."



In the end, Ouyang Shuo decided to use a taking over style and chose Zhou Haichen. His departure would be quickly covered by Du Quan. If Qin Shijian was picked, it would result in the Household Registration Division having too many people and the Meritorious Service Division having too little.

As for Ouyang Shuo's decision, all 4 directors had their thoughts. Through this, they saw through his direction and inclination of using people.

After discussing the new officer for the subsidiary territory, Ouyang Shuo ended the meeting.

As for the problems with the construction, he was prepared to gather all the secretaries and managers in the afternoon and discuss it there.



……

2 PM in the afternoon, Lord's Manor meeting room

Ouyang Shuo gathered all the departments and divisions that were related to the new subsidiary territory.

With the issue about the construction of Friendship Village, Ouyang Shuo shared his views. "We must first consider the future route of Friendship Village. The village walls would run for 2 kilometres in a square shape, 9 metres high and 5 metres wide. In the building of the wall, our main camp must participate. The Construction Division has to send a few men, and we must rush to finish in a week in case anything happens."

Zhao Dewang nodded to signal that he was fine with it. The size of the project was only half of the main town’s. The most difficult part would be to transport the materials over the river.

"The villagers that are sent to Friendship Village must be chosen properly. The normal civilians will be herders as the horse stables of the military will be built there in the future. As for skilled talents, it's best if we choose intermediate and above talents like blacksmiths, traders, etc." Ouyang Shuo said.

The new Household Registration secretary nodded and asked carefully, "Sire, how many people will we send over?"

"Let's say 1000, which is the max population for a grade 3 village. Out of this group, 200 must be their village protection squad, which you will coordinate with the military." Ouyang Shuo ordered.

"Understood!"



Ouyang Shuo looked over to Du Xiaolan and said, "The Resource Division needs to make preparations to trade with the nomadic tribes, building a trading area in the village. Food, salt, and metallic types of strategic goods must be sold in proper channels and must be controlled."

"Understood!"

"The Transportation Division is in charge of transporting goods over the Friendship river, especially materials. This must be carefully planned and executed." Ouyang Shuo said to Zheng Shanpao.

"Understood! We will complete the task!" Zheng Shanpao said loudly.

"Ok, all of you go make preparations. You only have an afternoon to prepare, and tomorrow we will start to build our affiliate territory." Ouyang Shuo said.

"Yes!"

After dismissing the meeting, Ouyang Shuo called Zhou Haichen to his office. He wanted to have a deep conversation with his new officer to clear his doubts.

The 2 of them discussed until 6 in the afternoon before ending.

After going offline, Ouyang Shuo gave Song Jia a call. "Sorry, the bandit operation didn't drop the village building token that you needed."

At the opposite end of the phone, Song Jia didn't really put it to heart and was still smiling. "Silly, what are you apologising for? It was based on luck."

Ouyang Shuo nodded. "Actually there's still a method, I don't know if your brother is willing or not to try."

"What method?" Song Jia asked curiously.

"Think about it. Your family goal is to have their own territory, right?"

"Obviously, if not why would we want a village building token?" Song Jia teased.

Ouyang Shuo laughed, "Let me finish."

"Ok then, continue."

"If you want a base, apart from using the village building token, you can ask other players to transfer their territories to you. With this, not only can you reach your goal, but you also get a territory that is already built, even helping you catch up with the other players."

In the past life, many medium-sized powers, upon hearing the news, had the wrong thinking that to build a territory they needed a village building token. They didn't think that there would be another way.

One reason was that they weren't familiar with the game settings and didn't know that territories could be transferred. Secondly, those that knew assumed that the lord was new too, and wouldn't be willing to give up the territories that they’d put in so much effort into building.

Until one day, a player called Jiye thought of such a method. It made everyone copy it, using credits which were useless in real life to buy player territories in game, and under the assault of money, a large portion of the various lords’ territories was conquered. Hence, these powers ruled the game world.

This tragedy made one's heart sour. Because of the lack of information, those unlucky souls had lost their chance to make it big. He remembered that a year after the news was released, the players who had transferred their territories tried to sue.

Unfortunately, all the cases were thrown out as the lords that’d transferred their territories had already received their payments.

Hence I say, fate is so magical. You don't know when it will give you a sharp turn and catch you off-guard. Only those that can keep a firm grasp on destiny will be the rulers of the world.



"Ya, it was true!" Song Jia exclaimed.

"Doesn't this count as completing the mission?" Ouyang Shuo joked.

Song Jia laughed. "En, you exceeded expectations. I'll treat you to a meal next time!"

"I can't wait!"

"Ok, let's talk next time! I'll tell this news to my brother. He was fretting over the village token for many days." Song Jia explained.

"En, bye bye!"

"Bye-bye!" Song Jia hurriedly ended the call and went to find her brother.



* * *





Chapter 97




Chapter 97: TWO Chapter 97 - Sangu Restaurant

Chapter 97 - Sangu Restaurant

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Levs



March 25, 9 AM, Shanhai ship's dock terminal.

Ouyang Shuo led his officers and ministers to send off Zhou Haichen and the others, this time the military had chosen Lieutenant Hu Yibiao to set up the new territory's garrison team. The ex-infantry squadron lieutenant's mission was to establish a proper and reliable defense system.

As for the nomadic tribes, the task was left to the cavalry unit that would be stationed there in the future. After all, only the Cavalry Unit could handle open-field warfare against the nomadic tribes.

After he came back from the dock, he took some time and visited the alchemy workshop. Ever since Alchemist Magnus had been here, Ouyang Shuo was busy with the grade 3 town advancement. He had yet to visit the alchemy workshop, which came from a different culture, a different nation, and brought a distinguished building architecture.

Magnus, the man from far to the west, was always assessed curiously by Shanhai's residents. He had golden hair, white skin, thick hair, and was a non-fluent Mandarin speaker. Sure enough, these features were able to create gossip. Of course, there were a knowledgeable few that knew of the alchemist's origin: A Farang, someone of European ancestry.

The alchemy workshop was intentionally situated in the Northeast Military District, right next to the weapon workshop, so to avoid disturbances from the residents. Rather than the traditional China Taoist priests, Shanhai Town had instead recruited an alchemist who originated from the far west. Hence, the alchemy workshop constructed was based on western architectural building blueprints. It was a small house made of stone with two levels and a basement.

The ground floor was the hall and warehouse, and the second floor was Magnus's bedroom and his study room. As for an alchemist's most important laboratory, it was located underground, under close watch and strict protection.

With Magnus leading the way, the two walked into the laboratory. There were five or six oil lamps on the basement walls, with another huge complex-looking oil lamp on the ceiling; their lights wiped out every single shadow in the basement.

The basement was designed with the appropriate ventilation system. Otherwise, once the lamps had combusted all the oxygen, one would suffocate from lack of air.

In the middle sat a big table used for experimentations with test tubes, distillation bottles, crucibles and other experiment tools on it. On the sides were a few shelves with lots of pots, cans, and bottles.

"Magnus, what field do you usually experiment in?" Ouyang Shuo asked curiously while touring the workshop.

"The alchemy workshop’s main focus is the distillation of liquids and refinement of minerals," Magnus answered in arrogance, not expecting his lord to understand any of his words, and he even looked down on Ouyang Shuo pretending to inspect the experiment tools. Do you even know what those are and their uses? Oriental hypocrites. He whispered in his heart quietly.

But what he didn’t know was that Ouyang Shuo was a man from the modern world, and that the mysterious alchemy in his eyes was merely nothing but ordinary science and its applications.

"The distillation you are talking about, is it the one that uses the backflow of condensed vapor to obtain a purified

liquid, the steam distillation?" Ouyang Shuo asked with a smile on his face while he randomly picked up a distillation bottle from the table.

Magnus' eyes widened, he exclaimed in excitement: "Yes yes, it is. Oh, God. Your wisdom is truly amazing." It was true that Farangs were all frank and honest people, once the alchemist knew that Ouyang Shuo wasn't a layman, he changed his attitude almost immediately, praising his lord.

"If that is the case, Magnus, if you have some time, you can visit the wine brewing workshop, and make some improvements to their distillation technique. If the amelioration is a success, I am sure the Finance Department will be more than willing to pay a reasonably large amount of remuneration, more than enough to support and fund your research." Ouyang Shuo gave Magnus a bait he couldn’t decline.

The moment Magnus heard the words 'research funds', a sudden white bright light flashed in his eyes, and he shouted, "No problem! Rest assured my lord, leave this matter to me!"

"As for the research regarding refinements of minerals, you can work with the Armory Division, as they have a large demand for fine irons. Other than that, Langshan Mining Field might need your services too, as it is no doubt your profession in finding better ways to refine minerals with higher purity, in this case, gold. In short, I hope the alchemy workshop would not stay by itself, but actively cooperate with territory affairs, achieving the best of both worlds."

Magnus had long put down his arrogance and preconceptions, and he respectfully said, "My lord, your wisdom is as deep as the ocean, Magnus will follow your words of wisdom."

"Good," before Ouyang Shuo left, he took out the wild boar fangs, long obtained and left untouched, and said with a smile, "Is there any way you can make it into an accessory?"

Magnus took it and said prudently, "I can try."

"Good, I will be waiting for your good news." As he finished his sentence, Ouyang Shuo turned and left.



He went straight to the market after leaving the alchemy workshop, gritted his teeth and spent 500 gold on purchasing an Advanced Shipyard Building blueprint. Ever since he had acquired the Meng Chong Warship Manufacturing Manual, he could not wait a second longer to turn the warships into reality.

But Meng Chong warships were intermediate warships, and they could only be manufactured by an advanced shipyard. That said, if he desired to establish a strong force of navy warships, he would have to use an additional 500 gold from the territory's limited capital funds, spending it for the shipyard's advancement.

When he got back to the manor, he saw Qing'er and Gu Sanniang gossiping at the side. Gu Sanniang looked a bit down, and Qing'er was comforting her. Ouyang Shuo asked out of curiosity, "What are you two gossiping about? So mysterious."

Gu Sanniang kept silent, while Qing'er curled her lips and said, "Brother, didn't you promise Gu Sanniang a restaurant before this? But according to Construction Division's pricing, a restaurant is so expensive! Adding on the salary for workers, money for raw materials, small bits here and there, it will require at least 30 gold. Plus there is no promise of the restaurant's future, as we still don't know whether the residents are willing to spend in the restaurant. That's why Sister Gu is really hesitant about it."

Ouyang Shuo nodded and as he looked at Gu Sanniang, he asked, "What Qing'er said, is it true?"

"My lord, I am indeed a little worried and I am financially unable to go through with this. I am afraid I will have to disappoint you this time. I think it is better for me to stay back in the manor, serving and taking care of everyone as usual." Gu Sanniang resigned herself to her fate.

Ouyang Shuo waved his hand, and said, "Sanniang, there is no need to regard yourself as an outsider, you can come straight to me for help if there are any difficulties. You don't have to sigh alone at the side. The promise I had made before will surely be kept. I will pay the capital for the restaurant, but I will claim a 50% share of the restaurant, what do you say?"

Gu Sanniang was wild with joy, and she was tongue-tied: "No no no, 10% of the shares is enough to me, I dare not ask for more."

"You don't have to decline it, I did not intend to leave you with 50%. But in order to manage the restaurant, capital is just the starting point. You will need to recruit workers, renovate the restaurant, research on the menus, a series of important work you will need to handle personally as the manager of the restaurant. To be honest, having 50% of the share by just providing the capital is already taking advantage of you." Ouyang Shuo explained his intentions to Sanniang.

Before Sanniang could say anything, Qing'er had already clapped her hands in joy, laughed, and said, "Sister you don't have to be so polite with Big Brother, he has just plundered a massive wealth from the raiders recently."

Ouyang Shuo glared at Qing'er, and he continued, "Of course, I will have the 50% of my shares for my own, 30% of it will be Yingyu's and another 20% for Qing'er. Let's take it as pocket money from the brother to his sisters."

"Ya," Qing'er did not expect that she would benefit from it too, the small little money-grubber hugged Ouyang Shuo's arm immediately, with a sweet and greasy voice said, "Big brother you are so good, you are so fond of Qing'er, Hee hee!"

Ouyang Shuo smiled, petted her small head and said, "It is good that you know, try not to be too naughty."

Gu Sanniang watched the scene, and she accepted the offer at ease, with a face of joy she said, "I shall then thank the lord for supporting me. My lord, please give a name to the restaurant!"

Ouyang Shuo pondered for a moment, searching through his mental mind for a good name, then nodded his head and said, "En, let's name it Sangu1 Restaurant. While it points out to whom the restaurant belonged to, it also carries the meaning of coming again, very suitable for a restaurant."

"Great, this name is great!" The little beneficiary voiced and clapped her hand.

Sanniang too was happy with the name, and said, "Thank you, my lord, for the name. And one more thing, if I am leaving the manor to the restaurant, who would be in charge of the manor's kitchen?"

"There is nothing to worry about, once the official residence is completed, other than me, Qing'er and the sisters, the others will dine in their own house, there is no need to cook a big portion anymore. Moreover, when the restaurant is done, if we are craving for food, we can go to the restaurant for free food. Please don't despise us for eating free food." Ouyang Shuo answered her question and made a small joke at the same time.

"My lord, you will always be welcomed in the restaurant!" Gu Sanniang responded to the joke with sincerity.

"As for the new manor's chef, I will leave it to you to choose a successor. The territory was not like before anymore; there are now quite a few chefs already." Ouyang Shuo ended the conversation with a mission for Gu Sanniang.

"Yes, my lord." Sanniang nodded.

After the impromptu discussion, Qing'er was eager to deliver the good news to her sister Yingyu. Ouyang Shuo did not interfere and let her off. He summoned Zhao Dewang to his office, and tasked him with the advanced shipyard's upgrade project.

The secretary's face turned bitterly sour. Lately, Ouyang Shuo had been giving him tasks and tasks endlessly, and construction projects were everywhere.

First, it was the city wall and moat, which had recently just been completed; followed by the grade 3 territory township upgrade reformation, which had just started not long ago; then came the Friendship Village city wall construction project, just when construction builders had left this morning, Ouyang Shuo gave him a new task again- to refurbish and upgrade the intermediate shipyard into an advanced shipyard, another big project. Even if he had three heads and six arms, he still almost couldn't manage it all at once.

Ouyang Shuo patted Zhao Dewang's soldier, and said with great solemnity: "Thank you for your hard work during this period of time, I promise the Construction Division will surely be rewarded with bonuses after this."

What else could Zhao Dewang do other than accept his lord's orders with a bitter smile?



1Sangu 三顾 : Part of Gu Sanniang’s name, and carries another meaning of coming again three times.



* * *





Chapter 98




Chapter 98 - The Clerk

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun



The next day when Ouyang Shuo logged out of the game, Song Jia phoned him.

“Hey, woodsy1, the method you were saying really works! My brother had purchased a grade 3 village in Lingnan region, it's called Tianshuang Village.” Song Jia was really happy when she spoke of the news.

“Congratulations, a grade 3 village is really good already, how much did it cost?” Song Wen was really quick, it was only one day and he had already purchased a territory.

It was not a surprise that Song Wen had chosen the Lingnan region, most of the lord players actually preferred having their territory in the same region as their real world's living region, after all, with their native feelings for their homeland.

"Guess." Song Jia said naughtily.

Ouyang Shuo took the value of a grade 3 village and translated it into gold coins, giving a rough estimation and said: "10 million?"

Song Jia shook her head, gave a wry smile and said: "Another 0 at the back."

"Huh? Seriously?" Shuo couldn't believe it.

"It's all my brother's fault, wanting to buy it immediately. Ended up that the former lord gave an extremely unreasonably high price, yet, he did not even bargain and straight away bought it. Even worse, he still thought he had benefited from the deal." Song Jia protested coquettishly to Ouyang Shuo of her brother's act.

That was not just a small benefit he had earned, Ouyang Shuo quietly said in his heart, using the credit points that were about to be void in the future in exchange for a grade 3 village, this was definitely the best deal ever. No wonder the civilian lord players in the past life had been selling off their territories. These upper-class nobles were so "generous", offering a hundred million for a territory. If Ouyang Shuo were willing to sell off his Shanhai Town, it would be easily priced at ten billion credit points, except that it was impossible for him to sell his territory.

"Either way, he had successfully gotten himself land, didn’t he? Your family is rich, this is nothing." Ouyang Shuo smiled.

"What? Even if we are rich, it doesn't mean we can spend it recklessly!" It seemed that the Song family's inner council did not tell the female members everything: the real intention, true purpose, and the truth of Earth Online. Even up until now, Song Jia still took it as a game. What an innocent girl.

Ouyang Shuo did not linger on this sensitive topic much longer, instead turning and asked: "Did you shift along with your brother to Tianshuang Village?"

"Yeah, I am finally able to relax. Every time I wore the set of equipment you gave me, I was really pressured and worried that someone with bad intentions might have their eyes on me."

"Oh, and about the Yue Nu Swordsmanship, I suggest you practice it in free mode." Ouyang Shuo suddenly remembered that Song Jia had not yet understood the secret of the swordsmanship. Out of fear that she might have missed out on the golden opportunity, he mentioned the matter intentionally.

"Alright, I too think this swordsmanship thing is quite fun."

"Great!"

"By the way, my brother says he would like to express his gratitude with a million credits, but I stopped him. He then said he would like to buy you a meal, do you want it?"

Ouyang Shuo shook his head. He didn't want to get too close with the Song corporation in real life, so he gently rejected the offer: "Thank you but it's alright, all I did was just give a suggestion. It’s not a big deal."

"I knew you wouldn't accept it. Then what if I am the one buying the meal, you wouldn't decline would you?"

"A beauty's dining invitation, I will always be ready for it!"

"Then I shall invite you, I haven't washed up yet, See ya!"

"Bye-bye!" Ouyang Shuo ended the phone call and walked out of his room.

Today was Saturday, and the small little girl Bing'er was still unwilling to wake up. Instead, Sun Xiaoyue had just logged out of the game in her pajamas, she was ready to brush. Coincidentally, she met Shuo in front of the toilet door.

"So how was it? Is everything fine?" Ouyang Shuo randomly asked.

"Mhmm, it was really fun. The Capital Architectural College teachings were really professional, it was all about Ancient China’s architectural structures, I felt like it was even deeper in details than my school's library, Gaia is really impressive! Initially, I was just playing for the sake of fun, but after attending a few classes, I couldn't help but fully immerse myself into it." Sun Xiaoyue said with great relish.

Ouyang Shuo nodded and said: "Well then, learn properly, and eventually in the future, you can rebuild those ancient buildings in the territory."

"Really!?" Xiaoyue exclaimed in delight.

"Of course, I promise you, as long as you present me the blueprints, I will turn them into real buildings, future master architect!"

"Hehe, a promise is a promise!"

"Promise!"

After Sun Xiaoyue went to the toilet, Ouyang Shuo turned and headed into Bing'er's room. What a lazy kid she was. In fact, she actually slept at 9:30 PM last night. Such a lazy pig.

The young girl slept sweetly, hugging her little pocket-sized partner Xue'er in her arms, the scene was overflowing with pure cuteness. As an advanced AI, she was more sharp-witted than Bing'er, and she was alerted when Ouyang Shuo walked in.

After a period of living together, Xue'er was already close with Ouyang Shuo. She flew around Ouyang Shuo, dancing gracefully like an angelic fairy, and finally landed on his palm. Ouyang Shuo used his thumb to caress her small face, smiled, and asked, "Xue'er, do you think your little master is a lazy pig?"

Xue'er nodded and answered in a cute tone: "En, small pig pig!"

Exactly at that moment, Bing'er was awakened by the noise. She muttered upon hearing her partner's answer, "Bad Xue'er, little traitor!"

Ouyang Shuo pinched her nose and said: "Baby sister, wake up. You are coming with me today for a jog downstairs, to get some exercise and breathe some fresh air."

"And you too, bad big brother, disturbing my sleep and waking me up early in the morning." She was clearly not fully awake yet as she was talking bad about everyone she saw. Ouyang Shuo didn't want to spoil her, so he pulled and forced her out from the bed.

Under Ouyang Shuo's strict orders, the little princess could only listen and went to brush up herself in the bathroom. As for Xue'er, she followed her into the toilet as well. She had just defamed her little master and she was now trying to coax and comfort her little master.

When she heard that Ouyang Shuo was bringing Bing'er for a jog, Xiaoyue was interested in it too. Hence, the three appeared together side by side on the running tracks. The two young adults and a little child, those who didn’t know might just think that they were a small family. Oh, and another little AI fairy was flying around the three, a warm scene indeed.

Bing'er followed her brother's back, running while having an envious eye on Xue'er flying around, she said, "How great would that be if I could fly around like Xue'er."

Ouyang Shuo shook his head while smiling. He didn't take his sister's words seriously.

Because it was the weekend, Ouyang Shuo had pushed off Song Jia's invitation, changing the date to the following Monday. For a day's time, he spent the morning watching television with Bing'er, and accompanying her while she did her homework. It had been a long time since he had spent time accompanying her while she did homework, so he felt a little guilty in his heart.

On March 26th, Ouyang Shuo came online on time. As usual, he trained hard for 2 hours on his spearmanship and Eight Extreme Fists, and then took a rest before entering his office.

On his table, he laid a letter from Qiushui Town. It had arrived that morning.

He opened the letter and took a look. It was written by Qiushui Town's garrison general Zhang Daniu's in regards to Qiushui's military expansion request.

Zhang Daniu wrote in the letter that due to the upgrade of Qiushui into a grade 1 town, he requested to expand the garrison squadron to 200 men in order to cope with the town's very complex defense system.

Ouyang Shuo nodded, since the request was reasonable and fair, he had no reason to decline. Hence, he approved the request and wrote a note in the letter:

Request permitted, Qiushui Town given authority to establish a cavalry squadron. Present the captain candidate to the Military Affairs Department for approval. However, Qiushui will provide the funds by itself.

After he finished, he summoned the concierge and ordered him to send the letter to the Military Affairs Department. During the process of handling the government affairs, the numbers of documents and paperwork were increasing more and more, day by day, on his desk. He realized that it was time for him to recruit a clerk to assist him in such matters.

Ouyang Shuo immediately called over the Secretary of the House Registration Division, Du Quan. He needed the secretary to recommend him a clerk.

This was not just a simple task of selecting a clerk, it was also a test to the secretary's insights and perceptions. Du Quan knew of the test and had promised that only the best candidate would be proposed to Ouyang Shuo.

A clerk's job was to work in an office to keep records and accounts, and to undertake other routine administrative duties. Their duties may have seemed very insignificant even sometimes unnecessary, but in truth, it was one of the most desired positions. The nature of a clerk's work had decided that they would be handling most of the territory’s core affairs, and it was a good position to gain experience. Naturally, the candidate must have strong communication skills, excellent management skills, and proficiency in strategies to a certain extent, in order to provide well-directed suggestions and niche-targeted advice while conducting their administrative duties, so the lord may give high considerations to their comments.

Most of the famous prime ministers and chancellors from ancient history started their political careers as clerks or something similar. For example, Tang Dynasty’s famous prime minister Fang Xuanling was originally an official in King Qin’s manor.

Shanhai Town's first clerk, Gu Xiuwen had done a perfect job. Even after he was transferred to the House Registration Office, he still held a concurrent post as the clerk, and his service quality did not degrade, and Ouyang Shuo was still satisfied with his performance. However, ever since Gu Xiuwen was sent away to establish Beihai Town, Ouyang Shuo had lost his valuable right-hand man.

The following day, Du Quan had come out with a suitable candidate, and the two walked into Ouyang Shuo's office in the manor.

Du Quan bowed, greeted Ouyang Shuo, and spoke with a joyful manner. "My lord, from the immigrants that came in today, I have found a young juren2. I have personally examined him, and I believe he will do a good job as the clerk. Hence, I have brought him here in person to the lord, so you may evaluate him personally."

As Du Quan finished his sentence, the scholar came forward, bowed and greeted Ouyang Shuo, respectfully said: "Bai Nanpu, greets the lord!"

He had the appearance of a 24 or 25 year old young man, dressed in a whitish single scholar's robe, his hair black and tidy, his eyes bright and sharp, a young man with a decent and typical scholar look.

Ouyang Shuo nodded his head, his first impressions on Bai Nanpu were very good. In order to get a clearer picture of Bai Nanpu, Ouyang Shuo took a look at Bai Nanpu's attributes.

Name: Bai Nanpu (Gold)

Identity: Clerk of Shanhai Town

Occupation: Civil servant (juren)

Loyalty: 75

Command: 25

Force: 15

Intelligence: 55

Political: 50

Feature: Erudite, widely read, and knowledgeable (Increase territory administrative efficiency by 5%), Meticulous reading (Increase document handling speed by 15%)

Evaluation: Scholar from a poor family, wide-read, and knowledgeable, skilled with strategies and tactics, a pure gentleman.

Indeed, he was talented and well suited for a clerk, Ouyang Shuo nodded approvingly and said, "Very well, I hereby appoint you as the clerk of Shanhai Town, you will be assisting me in governing affairs."

"I will not disappoint you, my lord!"



Woodsy1 : A nickname given to Shuo, saying that he is literally a 'wood'

Juren2（举人）: Literal meaning of “recommended man”, a qualified graduate who passed the triennial provincial exam in the imperial examinations (a civil service examination system in Imperial China to select candidates for the state bureaucracy)



* * *





Chapter 99




Chapter 99: TWO Chapter 99- Prelude

TWO Chapter 99- Prelude



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Levs



For the following 3 days, the territory was very calm and quiet. In the blink of an eye, the system auction was nearing in and Ouyang Shuo started to gather funds in his territory.

……

3rd month 29th day, Shanhai Town's second sale of sea salt.

The Northern Saltworks had been expanded twice since the last sales. The third expansion of the salt pans on the 2nd month 26th day, its scale was 2000 mus. The expansion on the 3rd month 3rd day expanded the salt fields to 5000 mus. With an average of 500 units of salt per acre, minusing the time taken to build and expand the saltpans, the production of salt reached a staggering 3.5 million units.

The market sold each unit at 20 copper so 3.5 million units of sea salt would sell for 7000 gold, with the 20% trade tax, he would receive 5600 gold. Further deducting the costs of running the salt pans, the earnings were 5000 gold. Ouyang Shuo thought about the heavy taxes and it felt like his heart was bleeding.

……

3rd month 30th day, Langshan mining field presented its gold to the camp.

The Langshan Mining field currently have 1500 miners, 1000 of which were in charge of mining, the other 500 were involved in transporting and extracting the gold. The mining field could mine an average of 100 tonnes of gold ore, extracting out 2000 grams of gold which was at least 100 gold.

Deducting the costs of running the mine, in half a month, the earnings would be 1500 gold coins.

One mustn't look at the fact that the profits from the gold mine was lower than the salt pans and think that the salt pans had an advantage. The mine was set up for a shorter time of only half a month. The mines only had 1500 people as compared to the 2500 in the saltpans.

Using the average profits of each worker, one salt pan worker made 2 gold every month while one miner made 3 gold. This added with the fact that the Langshan mine didn't need to pay 20% tax, making it more profitable than the saltpans.

As for the financial income of the territory, ever since the wine brewery was shifted under the Finance Department, the financial situation got a positive improvement. However if one wanted to talk about profits, now wouldn't be the right time. One reason was that the territory was still in constant building and needed injections of money. Secondly was the Business Division using methods to stimulate the economy, hence needing cash to sustain it. Hence, as long as the Finance Department could maintain balance, Ouyang Shuo would be delighted.

After all calculations, Ouyang Shuo had 7570 gold on hand, making him confident for the upcoming system auction. At the current stage, even the richest Chun Shenjun wouldn't have over 1000 in gold. It wasn't that they weren't rich but their territories needed constant injections of gold, even only the military also needed huge amounts of gold. Only Shanhai Town, with the two golden gooses of the salt pans and the gold mines could have so much gold.

……

3rd month 31st day,

Gaia finally announced the system auction and real life exchange system.

"System notification: to celebrate three months of the game, the system will organize the first system auction on the 4th month 1st day. There will be many rare goods available so look forward to it! Reminder: players must upgrade market to intermediate grade before they can join."

The moment the notification went out, all the lords from the strong powers wanted to fight for the best

goods. They rushed all the men under them to get more gold no matter what the price.

……

Handan Town, Di Chen asked Juedai Fenghua, "How much funds can we move now?"

Juedai Fenghua frowned and said, "After we upgraded to grade 3 town, we spent so much on buying building blueprints and upgrading to advanced barracks. The military doesn't have enough funds to expand, how can we have any money that we can move?"

"Then how? According to my family news, a rare weapon and equipment making blueprint will appear and we mustn't miss it. I'll go offline and try to gather some gold, since there's one day left maybe I can gather enough." Di Chen shook his head helplessly.

"That's the only way." Juedai Fenghua didn't have any other better method.

……

Pill Sun Town, Chun Shenjun called the financial butler of the territory and asked, "How much gold have we gathered?"

The butler laughed and said, "Lord, don't worry, after two months of building up, we can move 2 thousand gold and I believe no one else can compare."

Chun Shenjun nodded his head, obviously pleased, "Seems like not upgrading to a third grade Town was a right decision. Ever since the family got the news about the auction, we have prepared for 2 months, it's finally time to taste the fruits of our labor. Di Chen that fool, he extravagantly upgraded to a grade 3 town, he must be regretting so much now."

"Lord is smart!" The butler said.

……

In Swordsman Town, Feng Qingyang looked at his sister and asked, "Little sister, is there really no way?"

Feng Qingyue said, "Big brother, although we have gotten large amounts of money from Qingyang Sword sect, but these funds were used to buy secret techniques. In tomorrow's auction, we can only give up. We can only blame the family news from being too slow and not being able to find out about the auction early enough.”

Feng Qingyang was not willing, originally he had thousands of gold but because of the lack of information, he used it in the wrong area.

"Why don’t we sell some of the secret techniques to gain funds for the auction?"

"We definitely cannot do that, selling to the market will incur 20% tax, it’s not worth it." Feng Qingyue rejected.

"Okay, I'll listen to you." Feng Qingyang could only accept his fate.

……

Xiongba sat in the King Town, asking impatiently, "How? Have you discussed with Wandering Magic?"

An old man who sat opposite Xiongba nodded and said, "Lord don't worry, negotiations have went well. They agreed to lend all their gold to us, the conditions being after we create the equipment with the blueprints, that Fallen Leaves Village would have the priority of buying.”

"Good, he is a good brother, I can count on him on crucial times. How about this, we can't treat them too badly, tell them when we create the equipment we will give them 100 sets." Xiongba happily said, he was an old fox and managed to think of such a method to raise funds.

"Lord is a genius!" The old man said respectfully.

"Haha, to be the best, we need to be smart." Xiongba said with glee.

……

In Consonance Town, the four sisters gathered.

"Elder sis, tomorrow's auction, what strategy are we using?" The one who asked was Zi Luolan.

Bai Hua shook his head and said, "We have only 600 gold so we can only adapt to the situation."

"That's right, tomorrow let's focus on one or two goods and items that no one wants and get them. As for the popular ones then let the big powers fight."

"En, fourth Sister's suggestion is good, let's follow it."

……

The various powers tried to find gold, and the balance was broken, the price of game cash rose. From the original 1 copper to 2 credits it rose to 1 copper for 5. In the end, it actually went up to 10 credits, meaning 1 gold for 100 thousand credits.

If Ouyang Shuo sold all his gold, he would have instantly had 700 million credits. There was a period in time where he couldn't resist and wanted to sell a portion of his gold and buy it back when the price dropped, but in the end, he managed to resist.

One reason was that he didn't know what would be on the auction and secondly, it used a lot of energy which wasn't worth the time.

"System notification: To control the gold and credit trading, the system will open an item exchange platform on the 4th month 1st day 2pm. Players could exchange real credits and items. the system will take 2% as fees."

The opening of the item exchange could expand the trades and dealings in the game. Those powerful players could more conveniently buy more game coins through the platform.

Ouyang Shuo knew that the various powers would want to directly exchange credits to game coins but as it affected the game balance, the authorities declined. This item exchange platform was the end product of both sides taking a step back.

Listening to the system report, Di Chen and Chun Shenjun's faces turned green. The system lacked morals, purposely owning the system after the auction, not allowing them to sweep up all the game cash.



* * *





Chapter 100




Chapter 100: TWO Chapter 100 – Auction (Part 1)

Chapter 100 – Auction (Part 1)

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

4th month, 1st day, 9:50 AM

When it was just 10 minutes before the auction, Ouyang Shuo went to the wooden shed in the Intermediate Market. He opened the auction platform, and a system notification popped up.

"System Notification: There is still 10 minutes until the first auction. Will you enter?"

"Enter!"

"System notification: Checking player's entry credentials...."

"System notifications: Player must have more than 200 gold. Requirement fulfilled, starting teleportation!"

A white light shone across and Ouyang Shuo instantly appeared in the auction hall. The hall was like sitting in the galaxy. You were standing on stars and planets, and it was bright and magical, like the hall where Ouyang Shuo had created his character.

In front of the auction hall was a lotus platform, and on it was a female auctioneer with heavy makeup on. She was beautiful and looked fresh like the fairy from the character creation hall. At the back of the hall were lines of seats, and everyone sat in the hall with no VIP rooms or suites.

All the seats were chosen by luck. Ouyang Shuo looked around and found himself sitting in the middle of the 3rd row, a good position. His hands held two signs, one red and one white, with his number 76 written on them. In the last life, he didn't join the system auction, so he didn't know what the signs were for.

In the hall, most of the players were already seated. When they saw his appearance, they didn't care and most people just kept silent. Only a few of them were close to one another and talked softly to each other.

Everyone in the auction hall had their looks and appearances fully exposed. The system did not waste time on any secrecy such as giving everyone a mask or something. In actual fact, when the players created their characters, the system would make little changes on their personal looks. In addition to the changes in their clothing changed the overall demeanour of the person. Hence, it was impossible to find out the identity of the person through their looks in-game, thus there was no need to keep it a secret.

In the time that passed, there were many white lights that shone, and groups after groups of people entered.

As the 200 gold entry requirement excluded many people, there were only 1000 odd people. Out of them, Ouyang Shuo saw many familiar people, enemies like Di Chen, friends like Bai Hua, and people like Xunlong Dianxue, as if fate had brought them together. Obviously right now only Ouyang Shuo recognized them, and they didn't recognize him.

Ten minutes later, the auction officially began. The auctioneer said, "Everyone please calm down. Before the auction begins, I’ll explain to you the rules of this auction. There will be 10 items, each and every one of them are items of high rarity. Before an item is auctioned off, the next item will not be released. Every item will have a starting bid, and the

nnext bid will be no less than 10 gold. Apart from that, to increase the excitement, each item will have a buyout price. In the entire process, everyone could choose to buy out the item. The white sign is to raise the price and the red sign is to buyout. Everyone please remember this."

Ouyang Shuo listened intently, the system came up with something so special, not releasing details about the items and even setting up a buyout price. These rules were a huge test to one’s intelligence, and made things slightly more interesting.

Unexpectedly, after the rules were explained, everyone started discussing. Everyone felt a headache with such rules. The funds in each player's hands were limited, and to take down one item would be a success. However, if one used all their cash to buy one item, but the next one was something they wanted more, then it would be a waste. What was worse was if one didn't bid and the next item was too expensive, then they could leave here empty-handed.

The auctioneer didn't care about the discussions and announced, "Now for the first item." She took out a general class change token, letting any soldier regardless of rank become a basic rank general. The base price was 100 gold and the buyout was 500.

The system was certainly not simple, auctioning such a rare item as the 1st one. The general class change token was much rarer than the civil service one. They was even rarer especially to those with no ability to raise barracks to advanced or lacked generals. 500 gold was also the cost to upgrade to advanced barracks. Over 500 gold, obviously no one would be willing to pay.

Ouyang Shuo did not have any need for it, so those who bid were the small and mid-sized territories.

"110 gold!" Someone bid.

"120 gold!"

.......

"170 gold!"

.......

"220 gold!"

.......

After 200 gold everyone became more careful and started to weigh their choices. In the end, the token was sold for 240 gold.

The auctioneer revealed the second item, only to see her hold a scroll and say, "The second item is Tang Sword Forging manual. The base price is 200 gold and the buyout is 1000 gold, please bid."

Ouyang Shuo was jolted awake. This was good. It could be used together with the Guangming armor. Others naturally knew this was a good product. As long as it had something to do with weapon making, it was something good. Hence Ouyang Shuo didn't rush to raise the price, wanting to take a look before bidding.

"210 gold!" Someone reported.

"240 gold!"

......

"320 gold!"

.......

This bidding was more exciting than the first item, before long it reached 400 gold.

"600 gold!" The one that bid was Xiongba, he raised the bid by 200 gold, stunning everyone.

It wasn't that other powers didn't have the money to fight it out, but this was only the second item and they didn't want to make it too heated, hence giving up.

Xiongba laughed in glee, his strategy worked. Just as he thought he won, Ouyang Shuo rose the white sign expressionately and said, "650 gold!"

Everyone was stunned. Xiongba was a famous player and one that many knew. Especially those powerful people, they knew each other. They thought that this auction would be controlled by their group of people, not expecting a random guy to pop out.

Xiongba froze up, looking at Ouyang Shuo and said uncertainly, "Are you Qiyue Wuyi?"

Ouyang Shuo had made plans of being recognized. A person with such money at this stage apart from the big powers there was only him, so he nodded his head. "Yes, it's me. I finally meet brother Xiongba."

"Haha, since it's little brother, I'll give up on this!" Xiongba laughed, not caring much about missing out. He was really an old fox, as it was obvious that it was he himself that didn't have money to compete but he made it seem like he was letting Ouyang Shuo win.

As they say, people give me an inch, I give them a foot. Ouyang Shuo wasn't a person that didn't have manners and since Xiongba treated him politely, he did so too. "Little Brother accepts your gift."

The 2 of them started talking like there were no one around. Qiyue Wuyi, he was the mysterious lord of the Chinese region, and he’d finally appeared. Even Di Chen and Chun Shenjun couldn't resist turning around to take a look. The few of them looked like they were beasts staring at him. As for everyone's greetings, Ouyang Shuo just nodded politely and didn't want to talk to them.

Thankfully for him, the auctioneer got him out of the situation by saying, "Six hundred fifty once, 650 twice, 650 three times. Congratulations number 76 for winning the second item." The moment she announced this, the item landed in Ouyang Shuo's storage bag.

"Now onto the third item." Now what appeared in her hand was a bead. She continued. "This is a Wood Soul Bead; it can raise territory agriculture production by 15%. The starting bid is 100 and the buyout is 500 gold."

This was another good item, achieving the same results as the territorial specialty scroll. 15% might look like very little, but when the territory expanded, this was a huge amount and was more than worth it.

Ouyang Shuo hesitated on whether to enter. His main goal for entering was to obtain a weapon equipment making blueprint. The other items weren't what he needed. Although he had enough money, he didn't want to expose his financial strength.

Just as he was hesitating, the price had been pushed to 400. Ouyang Shuo raised his head. The last one who’d bid was Bai Hua. As she was his ally, he just gave it up. In the end, her 400 gold bid won her the Wood Soul Bead.

Bai Hua's strategy succeeded. She knew that she had limited funds and couldn't beat those strong powers. The goals of the big powers were the same as Ouyang Shuo’s, and they were all aiming for a weapon equipment making manual. They didn't want to waste their money on items like the Wood Soul Bead.



* * *





Chapter 101




Chapter 101: TWO Chapter 101 - Auction (Part 2)

Chapter 101 - Auction (Part 2)

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Levs

After the first 3 items were auctioned off, Di Chen and Chun Shenjun both still haven't made a move, only patiently waiting.

"Now for our 4th item," in the hand of the auctioneer was a wooden doll, saying, "This is a substitute doll, letting the player revive once without any negative effects. Base price 100 gold, buyout 500 gold, please make your bids." The players were all perplexed, why would the system take out such a useless object. At this stage of the game, players will only lose a level when they die, why would they use such a doll.

Only Ouyang Shuo knew that this was a valuable item. A year later, when everyone is online, the system will change the death punishments and when they die, they will become level 0 and lose all their items. Such harsh punishments, the only way to avoid this would be such a doll.

"110 gold!" Someone held the thought of testing the market and made a bid.

"120 gold!"

"130 gold!"

"140 gold!"

All these players were holding the hopes of picking up some leftover scraps, since they couldn’t possibly compete with the strong players anyhow. However, for the system to classify the substitute doll as a rare item, it must have its own special uses, for example, it might be the key to trigger a hidden quest.

"180 gold!"

"190 gold!"

"200 gold!"

In the end, when the substitute doll reached 200 gold, very little people made bids. They were there to pick up scraps, not throw all their money in.

"250 gold!" Ouyang Shuo saw through all their intentions and added 50 gold, crushing their hopes.

"250 gold once, twice, 250 gold 3 thrice, congratulations number 76 for winning the 4th item." The hammer of the auctioneer landed, the lowest priced item in the auction went to Ouyang Shuo.

"Bumpkin!" Di Chen said condescendingly as Ouyang Shuo spent money like this.

The auctioneer was very focused on her job and she immediately started announcing the next item. This time it was another token. "The 5th item is a basic soldier token, changing 100 max rank militiamen into a rank 1 armoured cavalry, starting bid 300 gold, 1500 gold buyout, please make your bids."

The crowd was in an uproar as this token could be considered to be a big help to strong powers. If it was a normal soldier token, like the crossbowman cavalry that Ouyang Shuo had gotten, it would not have gotten everyone so excited. After all, all these people had grade 1 towns and to equip a squad of light armoured cavalry could be done.

However, armoured cavalry was a different case, a totally different topic. Regardless of the equipment or the good war horses, no lord was able to do so. Even Ouyang Shuo himself was searching for the qingfu horses.

"500 gold!" Sha Pojun made the first bid, ruling out most of the players who are here to enjoy the atmosphere.

Xiongba shouted, "600 gold."

"700 gold!" The one that joined in was Zhan Lang.

Di Chen did not want to be left out and shouted, "800 gold."

Of the original 6 tyrants of Handan, only Chin Shenjun, Feng Qiuhuang and Feng Qingyang didn't make a move, Feng Qingyang because he didn't have the money, while the first two for reasons unknown. Chun Shenjun had a large amount of capital but he just sat there and didn’t made a move. Feng Qiuhuang also didn't care and wasn't planning to make a move.

Di Chen felt delighted, thinking that he could win the token.

Little did he expect, Xiongba broke his daydream and ann

ounced, "1000 gold!"

Di Chen's expression became exceedingly ugly. He had searched hard for money, borrowing and begging other lord's and only got 950 gold, Xiongba's bid excluded him from winning the item, making him furious.

"1100 gold!" Ouyang Shuo chose this moment to suddenly join.

Ouyang Shuo's bid shocked everyone, no one expected him to have so much capital. He had already spent 900 gold on two items, with this, he had spent 2000 gold. Such huge amounts of fund was not what an ordinary lord would dare think about.

The Shanhai Town with so many funds, what kind of situation would that be? Shanhai Town was the most mysterious territory in china, how many more secrets did it hide? To be able to join the auction, you had to be one of the top few lords in the game. Thinking back to when Di Chen was so arrogant to Ouyang Shuo, all the players couldn't help but laugh. “Wasn't Di Chen very arrogant? Now, he can't even take out 1 thousand gold and still have the face to look down on Ouyang Shuo, how funny!"

Di Chen felt the eyes of all the players land on him, his face turning as black as charcoal. His hatred for Ouyang Shuo intensified and he wished he could eat him. He thought to himself: That stupid bumpkin, I, Di Chen will teach you a lesson.

"1200 gold!" Unexpectedly, Xiongba didn't want to give up.

Ouyang Shuo had underestimated Xiongba and didn't expect him to have so much capital. He thought back to Xiongba's kind intentions and his original plan which was to rebuild the old Tang Dynasty heavy armoured troops with the mingguang armor and green horse, the class change token seemed a lot more useless and unnecessary.

Ouyang Shuo looked towards Xiongba and said, "Congratulations brother Xiongba, I forfeit!"

Xiongba laughed and said, "Thank you Qiyue Wuyi Brother!" He didn't expect that his kind intentions will be repaid by Ouyang Shuo, and thought that he was a worthy person to make friends with.

In the end, the token was sold to Xiongba for 1200 gold and was the highest item sold so far. Xiongba was happy but bitter. He had borrowed money from his ally Piao Linghuan to buy the weapon and equipment making blueprint, but now he used it to buy a soldier token. He had to explain when he goes back, he couldn't lose an ally because of this.

The first half of the auction ended and the auctioneer announced a break of half an hour.

Using the rest time, Ouyang Shuo found Baihua and said hi to her. Ever since they made the alliance, this was the first time they met.

Baihua saw Ouyang Shuo and she proactively rose her right hand, smiling and said, "Hearing your name is not as good as seeing you in person!"

Ouyang Shuo politely shook hands with her and said, "Lord Baihua's big name I've envied and looked up to for a long time. To see you today, you are really beautiful."

"I didn't expect the mysterious Qiyue Wuyi to be a humorous man." Baihua teased.

Ouyang Shuo shook his head and said, "Such a fair lady, all men would want to chase."

"Cough cough!" Baihua laughed, her beauty shocked Ouyang Shuo. "I haven't congratulated you for getting two items, seems like you are financially strong!"

"Same, same!" To Baihua's strategy just now, Ouyang Shuo admired it.

Baihua was very happy with her gains this time. The only thing that she wanted most was the weapon equipment making manual which she had no chance of getting, feeling a little regretful. She looked at her ally and joked, "Consonance Village wouldn’t be able to get the weapon and equipment manual, so we must depend on Shanhai Town to help us!"

Ouyang Shuo nodded and casually said, "What help? As allies, I can promise that if we get the manual, and reach an industrial scale, we will definitely sell it to Consonance Town."

Baihua was delighted and sincerely said, "This little sister will thank you for that!"

Little did she know that developing military production and selling to allies and obtaining high profits was originally Ouyang Shuo's intention. The salt pans had a max capacity and the mines had a day when they wil be mined out. Ouyang Shuo would not wait and die. Military production was the best chance, not only could it help the territory businesses to upgrade, it could also help increase the strength of the allies, it’s like killing two birds with one stone.

When the two of them were causally taking, two male players came near Ouyang Shuo and said excitedly, "Little Brother is from Xunlong Dianxue and greets brother Qiyue Wuyi!"

Ouyang Shuo realized that these two were people who backed Ouyang Shuo when Di Chen had provoked him. Ouyang Shuo held his hand and smiled,"Oh it's you two brothers, for what happened last time, I thank you heavily for it!"

"Brother Wuyi is too polite, you are the flagbearer for us common players. Di Chen is only a clown." Gong Chenshi had a direct personality and did not care about Di Chen who was standing nearby, saying loudly.

Ouyang Shuo was in deep conversation with both of them. They were the leaders of the civilian players, their knowledge weren't simple and looked very direct, however, they were scheming people. Ouyang Shuo still remembered the post that Gong Chengshi had posted when the servers were just opened.

Because of time constraints, Ouyang Shuo did not have a long conversation and instead just did a simple introduction of Baihua to them, arranging to discuss an alliance after the auction.



* * *





Chapter 102




Chapter 102 - Auction (Part 3)

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

After the break, the 2nd half of the auction officially began.

"Now we will begin to auction the 6th item." The auctioneer took out a scroll and said, "This is a territory specialty scroll. After using it, chances of attracting special talents increases by 5%, starting bid 100 gold, buyout 500 gold, please bid!"

This territory specialty scroll was what Ouyang Shuo had already gotten during the Spring Assault. Because the same scroll couldn't be used twice, he didn't participate in the bidding. Ouyang Shuo not needing it didn't mean that others didn’t either. In the end, the scroll was won by Xunlong Dianxue for 300 gold.

After the appetizers, the auctioneer threw out a huge bomb. She held a scroll in her hand and said, "The 7th item is Iron Futu Armor Forging Technology Manual, starting price 400 gold, buyout 2000 gold, please make your offers."

The Iron Futu was another name for the armor which armored cavalry wore. Such an elite armor could in a certain degree, compete with the Tang Dynasty Mingguang armor.

"600 gold!" This time it was still Sha Pojun who started the bid.

Zhan Lang didn't want to lose and shouted, "800 gold!"

"900 gold!" Di Chen stared fiercely at Ouyang Shuo and Chun Shenjun. Sha Pojun and Zhan Lang bidding was just a show for Di Chen to win the bid.

Now the only two people who had the ability to contest would be Ouyang Shuo and Chun Shenjun. What was weird was that Chun Shenjun didn't make a move, not raising his sign even once. It seemed like he had gotten some insider news and decided to spend his money on a certain item.

However, Ouyang Shuo didn't have much need for the Iron Futu. After all, its effect was similar to that of Mingguang armor. The Armory Division was already having so much trouble forging the Mingguang armor, and didn't have room to forge the Iron Futu armor.

However, Ouyang Shuo wouldn’t allow Di Chen to get it easily. Even if he couldn't use it, he could give it to his allies.

Just as Ouyang Shuo was about to bid, Feng Qiuhuang, who had been keeping quiet, shouted, "1000 gold!"

Di Chen was stunned, when he came back to his senses, he furiously pointed at her, "You you you! You traitor!" Di Chen was so angry that he couldn't say anything. Feng Qiuhuang was emotionless and didn't care about Di Chen.

The surrounding players, upon seeing that the Handan Alliance had an internal problem, smiled and waited to watch a show.

"Feng Qiuhuang, don't be too happy, I won't let you get away with this." Di Chen stared at her, turning to look at Sha Pojun. "Pojun, lend me some funds. I don't believe she has more gold than the both of us."

What outsiders didn't know was that in the original Six Tyrants of Handan, the one who was the most afraid of Di Chen was actually Sha Pojun. As the representative of the grey region, he was afraid of the political corporations' power to crush them. As long as they started paying attention, people from the grey region would be like rats, scurrying around and getting captured. This was also the reason why when the Six Tyrants of Handan split, he hadn’t joined Chun Shenjun.

Sha Pojun had a really bad expression. Under everyone's gaze, Di Chen had actually ordered him to hand over his gold. It was an insult. However, he still had to deal with him in real life, so he unwillingly gave 700 gold to Di Chen.

"1200 gold!"

"1300 gold!" Feng Qiuhuang was unfazed.

"1400 gold!"

"1500 gold!"

Di Chen looked at her with surprise. He didn't expect her to have so much gold.

Don't tell me both of our gold added together would still lose.

He wasn't willing and shouted, "1650!" This was all the gold in his hand and this was his last shot.

Hearing his bid, Feng Qiuhuang finally gave up. 1500 was already her maximum. She was really unwilling. She had broken the bridge but still didn't succeed. Just as she was about to give up, a system notification appeared by her ear.

"System notification: player Qiyue Wuyi sent you 500 gold, will you accept?"

"Accept!"

Feng Qiuhuang resisted the urge to look towards Qiyue Wuyi and calmly shouted "1700 gold!"

"Damn it, how does this woman have so much gold?" Di Chen was furious, he turned and looked at all the players and said, "Who will be willing to lend me 200 gold, Handan Town will repay you!"

There were actually a few idiots that would loan Di Chen there money and use this chance to join his good books. Most of them wanted to be neutral. Helping Di Chen would be making an enemy of Feng Qiuhuang. Was this business worth it or not? That was hard to say.

Seeing his actions, Feng Qiuhuang was very calm. Qiyue Wuyi had sent her 500 gold, which could allow her to buy out the item. After all, Di Chen didn't know her bottom line and obviously wouldn't buy out the item.

"Cough cough, is this still the TOP lord in the Chinese region? Can't even take out a few hundred gold and still want to borrow from small fries, such a rare situation. Why don’t I lend it to you?" The one insulting him was Gong Chengshi.

Di Chen stared at him. However, he still had some pride, and just waited patiently for some small fish to bite.

"System notification: player Qige Xiaonuhai has sent you 200 gold, will you accept?"

"Accept!"

After accepting the goal, Di Chen was very confident. When he saw her expression, she seemed like she was already at her max. This battle was his to win. As for the clown Gong Chengshi, he will deal with him later. Di Chen gleefully looked at Feng Qiuhuang and shouted, "1800 gold!"

Feng Qiuhuang glanced at him, raising the red sign and saying, "Buyout!"

"Haha!" Everyone burst out laughing. Di Chen was now a clown, using so much effort, offending Sha Pojun, losing face, and still losing the bid.

Di Chen was embarrassed as he returned the money to Sha Pojun and Qige Xiaonuhai. If it wasn't that there were still items to be auctioned, he would’ve just left out of shame.

Zhan Lang's eyes shined. As the representative of the military, he wasn't afraid of Di Chen. This point, Di Chen knew, hence he would rather borrow from a stranger than ask Zhan Lang. Now that Feng Qiuhuang and Di Chen had openly split, and the fact that Sha Pojun and Di Chen had disagreements, was there still a need for the alliance to exist?

As the conspirator behind the scenes, he felt extremely happy. The reason why he’d lent the gold to Feng Qiuhuang was firstly because he didn't want the item to land in his hands, and the other was because she had shown good intentions towards him several times, now that he had a chance he would naturally help her.

"Now we will start the auction of the 8th item." The auctioneer didn't bother about the conflicts between players, holding a talisman in her hand, "This is a Spring Weathering Talisman, making a 20,000 mus basic farmland into a fertile farmland, starting price 100 gold, buyout 500 gold."

Thinking about the reclaimed farmland in Qiushui Town, Ouyang Shuo wasn't ready to give up, getting the token for 200 gold in the end.

The 9th item was a scroll, "The 9th item is the Song Dynasty Buren Armor Making Manual, starting price 400 gold, buyout 2000 gold, please make an offer."

Song Dynasty Buren Armor was the strongest heavy-armoured infantry armor in the cold weapons era. Such a good thing, Ouyang Shuo wanted to get it, shouting directly, "1000 gold!"

Seeing Ouyang Shuo's bid, Chun Shenjun heaved a sigh of relief. As long as he spent all his money on this, no one would be able to compete with him for the last item.

"1100 gold!" Zhan Lang shouted.

"1200 gold!"

Zhan Lang froze, he didn't expect that Qiyue Wuyi, who had used 1100 gold already, actually still had so much money. He was unwilling to lose and shouted his maximum amount. "1400 gold!"

Ouyang Shuo glanced at Zhan Lang, he didn't expect him to have such a thick checkbook. However, he didn't want to give up and continued, "1500 gold!"

Zhan Lang had no choice but to give up. Something like borrowing money like Di Chen was something the prideful Zhan Lang wouldn't do. He laughed and said, "Congrats Brother Qiyue Wuyi, I give up!"

Ouyang Shuo laughed and said, "Thank you Brother Zhan Lang."

At this point, the auction was left with the last item. It was a scroll. The auctioneer said, "The 10th item is the Song Dynasty Bow and Crossbow Making manual, starting bid is 500 gold, buyout is 3000 gold, please make your bids."

It was at this point that Ouyang Shuo realized why Chun Shenjun hadn't acted. This was really the last item, which was different from the previous items. It not only covered the bow and crossbow, it also had all the bow and crossbow making technology from the Song Dynasty.

"1500 gold!" Chun Shenjun didn't want to give any other person a chance.

"1600 gold!" Ouyang Shuo reacted.

Chun Shenjun frowned, Qiyue Wuyi's gold was like a bottomless pit. He gritted his teeth. "2000 gold."

"2100 gold!"

Chun Shenjun panicked, this was not what he expected. He rolled the dice and placed his max bid. "2500 gold!"

Ouyang Shuo froze, he didn’t know how much money Chun Shenjun had. What if he upped the price and he bought out the item? That would be a tragic event.

Chun Shenjun stared murderously at Ouyang Shuo as he slowly raised up the red sign, his face turning white. He had been the biggest loser this time, having over 2000 gold, but going home without anything.



* * *





Chapter 103




Chapter 103: TWO Chapter 103 - Bow and Crossbow Division

Chapter 103 - Bow and Crossbow Division



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Levs

As the curtains closed, some were happy some were sad.

The one that failed miserably was Di Chen, he held close to a thousand gold and didn't win anything, and instead of getting himself into so much trouble and becoming the biggest joke of the auction, losing all his reputation.

Another sad person was Chun Shenjun. He came confidently thinking he would win it but unexpectedly Ouyang Shuo popped out and beat him, making him go home with nothing.

The luckiest one was Feng Qiuhuang, she was about to lose to Di Chen but at the crucial moment managed to get Ouyang Shuo's help and get the Iron Futu Forging Technology Manual.

The smartest was Bai Hua, avoiding all the popular items and getting the wood soul bead.

The person who received the most attention was naturally Ouyang Shuo. A single person getting 5 of the 10 items. Even the most expensive weapon and armor making manuals he got 3, being the biggest winner.

As the auction ended, what had happened was spread all over the China region. Qiyue Wuyi's strong financial strength defended his position as one of China's leaders. As for Di Chen's provocation to Qiyue Wuyi, it instantly became a joke.

Suddenly, the contents of all the posts changed. This was the first time Ouyang Shuo had came out and showed his strength in public. Apart from his financial strength, his interactions with Bai Hua, Xunlong Dianxue, and Siege Lion were paid attention to by many.

What resulted from the auction wasn't only that. After the auction, Feng Qiuhuang announced she had left the Handan Alliance. Their scuffle during the auction had been spread and changed many times into several different stories. Di Chen acted too highly with his status of the alliance leader, thence, Qiuhuang leaving the alliance was something that many supported. All of a sudden, the alliance was shaken up once again and many players speculated that it wouldn't last for long.

Not letting down everyone, Zhan Lang gave the alliance a final blow.

Shortly after she left, Zhan Lang announced that he was dropping out too, getting several lords from the construction industry to build the Blood Metal Alliance. The once glorified six tyrants of Handan was once again hit, leaving behind only Di Chen and Sha Pojun, it was the same as having died.

Just as everyone thought that the Handan alliance was about to disband, Di Chen made an unexpected announcement: Wu Fu from Jingdu will join the alliance. In the territory defense, Wu Fu was ranked 10th, his strength was even above Bai Hua.

With his addition, Handan alliance would continue. However, as it lost Feng Qiuhuang and Zhan Lang, two huge pillars, their strength wasn't as before, unable to compete with the Chunqiu Alliance.

Ouyang Shuo didn't slack and instead immediately invited Siege Lion and Xunlong Dianxue into the alliance. Under Bai Hua's suggestion, the alliance would be named the Shanhai Alliance and the leader will be Ouyang Shuo. The alliance included Shanhai Town, Bai Hua's Consonance Town, Mulan Yue's Mulan Town, Xunlong Dianxue's Xunlong town and Siege Lion's Black Lion Town.

Mulan Yue had just upgraded to a grade 1 town and didn't have 200 gold on hand so she couldn't join the auction, hence missing out. After knowing about what had happened, she sent a pigeon letter to congratulate him.

After the establishment of the Shanhai Alliance, Ouyang Shuo promised that Shanhai Town would give them priority in the sales of the Tang dagger, infantry armor and various bows and crossbows. As for the Mingguang armor, it wasn't o

n the list. Firstly, the production was complicated and Shanhai Town had to meet its own needs, so it was difficult to have extras to sell. Second was that Ouyang Shuo wanted the Mingguang Armoured Heavy Cavalry to be his special force. This wildcard was something he did not want to share, even with his allies.

To act as a deterrence, Ouyang Shuo didn't hide the news about the alliance. Shanhai Alliance's appearance eclipsed the Handan Alliance, Chunqiu Alliance, Blood Metal Alliance and became the biggest alliance in China. With its existence, if Di Chen wanted to touch Siege Lion, it wouldn't be as easy.

In a short moment, The China region became fuzzy and big events made everyone dazzled one after another.

……

1st of April, 2 PM in the afternoon.

"System notification: The official exchange platform has been opened, players please take a look!"

Through the platform, players could put their coins up for sale. They only need to link their credit card and after deducting 2% of fees, the coins will be transferred.

With such a platform, it will be easier for Di Chen and the others to buy coins. Luckily Ouyang Shuo had predicted that and made preparations.

"System Notification: To make it convenient for deals, the player auction is officially opened. Players could enter the auction hall in the King City or the Intermediate Market. All auctioned products will be taxed 15%, players please have a look!"

The auction hall will increase the interaction between adventure players and lord players. Adventure mode players could sell the territory items that they got to the lord players. Similarly, lord players can sell the items and weapons that the weapon workshop produced to the players to get building funds.

Between lord players, they could use the system to trade and communicate. The Chinese region was so huge and had different climates and regions. The resource allocations were different for players, some desperately needed wood, some stone. It allowed players to make trades and get the resources that they didn't have and most importantly, it was cheaper than the market by 5%.

After the auction, Ouyang Shuo calculated the gold he had left. In the auction, including the 500 he lent to Feng Qiuhuang, he had spent 6100 gold. Now, he had 1470 left. He gained 5 items, the Tang Sword Forging manual which he gave to the weapon workshop, the substitute doll which he placed in the storage bag and was automatically activated, the Spring Weathering Talisman that he passed to Qiushui town, and the Song Dynasty Buren Armor Making Manual to the armory division.

The one that was the hardest to deal with was the last one, the Song Dynasty Bow and Crossbow Making manual, in order to manufacture bows and crossbows, the process would involve the carpenters, blacksmiths, cobblers, bow makers and other talented individuals. Hence, there is a need to establish a special division to focus on it, just like the Guangming armors.

Therefore, Ouyang Shuo convened a meeting with the director of the Military Affairs Department and its various secretaries and managers.

Ouyang Shuo looked around and said, "During the auction, we gained a lot, gaining much-needed weapon, infantry armor and bow and crossbow making manuals. To make these manuals into actual advantages and make a completed military production line is what the various directors and secretaries need to do, hence I decided to establish a Bow and Crossbow Division under the Military Affairs Department to focus on building bows and crossbows. The weapons workshop, Armory Division and Bow and Crossbow Division will work together and be the 3 pillars of the military production chain, bearing the responsibilities of weapon, armor and bow and crossbow production.

Ouyang Shuo turned his head to look at Ge Hongliang and said, "Director Ge, the Bow and Crossbow Division's establishment will be your duty, this includes the choice of secretary. I hope that within a week, the division will be set up."

"Sire don't worry, I will get it done." Ge Hongliang said.

Ouyang Shuo nodded and said, "That's good. The scale of the Bow and Crossbow Division can't be smaller than 300, Director Ge must assign various talents to train apprentices. My requirements would be to ensure every soldier in the military to have a bow. The infantry troops will have a longbow and the cavalry a horned bow. The crossbow will be focused on the god arm crossbow and be used by the soldiers guarding the city. Especially the arcuballista, we must analyze and produce it quickly to attach to the village walls. Not long later there will be a village defense battle, we can't be careless about it.”

"Understood!"

"Additionally, we must mass produce bows and crossbows. However we need cow tendons and horns, its supply is a big problem. Director Ge, you need to send the cavalry out to hunt and kill wild cows to get those items." Ouyang Shuo ordered.

Ge Hongliang confidently said, "This is not a problem, the cavalry camp is in place, it can be used anytime."

"Very good. Xu Kun, how many blacksmith apprentices did the weapon workshop develop?" Ouyang Shuo asked.

"Replying to sire, last month we delivered 20 basic blacksmiths to the Armory Division, now we have 50 apprentices." The manager of the workshop Xu Kun replied.

Ouyang Shuo shook his head, "That’s not enough, far from enough. This month you need to deliver at least 100 basic blacksmiths to the Armory Division, deliver 30 basic blacksmiths to the Bow and Crossbow Division and the weapon workshop needs to keep 50 basic blacksmiths, can you achieve that?"

Xu Kun nodded his head and said, "I will try my best."

"Not try your best, you must do it. If you are lacking manpower, go and get some from the Household Registration Division, I’ll give them a head-on notice. If you can't complete it then you will be sacked, do you understand?" Ouyang Shuo said seriously.

"Yes my lord, I guarantee to finish the mission!"

Lastly, Ouyang Shuo looked at the Combat Logistics Division's Zhao Youfang and said, "The Combat Logistics Division needs to coordinate with the Material Reserves Department and get the mining and supply program settled. Apart from this, you need to contact the Material Reserves Department and find suitable woods for the production of bows and crossbows.”

"Yes, I guarantee I will finish it!" Zhao Youfang said loudly.

"Good, that's it. Everyone go back to work, I hope to see results in a month." Ouyang Shuo concluded.

"Yes!"



* * *





Chapter 104




Chapter 104 – City Defense Camp

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun



2nd of April.

Friendship Town, under the help of the main camp, had finally finished construction on the city walls. From start to finish, the nomadic tribes didn't notice that a military fortress was secretly built up north of them.

To further increase the defensive strength of Friendship Town, Ouyang Shuo sent Zhou Haichen a letter to order him to start working on the city-protecting river. The city-protecting river would follow that of the main camp’s. West of it would be the Friendship river and east would be the Qiushui river, forming a huge sac and boxing Friendship Town in it.

This way, Friendship Town would be surrounded by water, and using the water camp, they could attack and defend, getting into an undefeatable position. Before he built Friendship Town into an impenetrable fortress, Ouyang Shuo wasn't prepared to contact the nomadic tribes.

After dealing with Friendship Town, under the company of Ge Hongliang and Tian Wenjing, they set out for the Xuanniao tribe. Li Mingliang led the first cavalry squadron to protect their safety on the way there.

When they passed Qiushui Town, Ouyang Shuo took an hour-long break there to listen to Zhao Dexian report on the recent projects and situations in the town. Additionally, he took time to test and inspect the newly-built Qiushui Town cavalry protection squadron.

The Qingming festival was right around the corner, and as the food production base of the territory, Zhao Dexian had already begun to prepare for the festival. The planned 20,000 mus of farmland had been reclaimed, and under the effect of the weathering change token, became fertile farmland. The full 20,000 mus were used to plant rice.

Apart from reclaiming farmland, Qiushui Town had also built a large-scale logging camp in the southern woods. The wood supplies here were of higher quality than that of the main camp, sturdier and easier to store. All the resources needed by the shipyard were solely provided by the logging camp.

Because they were reaching into the busy farmer's period, Qiushui Town's city wall project had no choice but to be postponed. Only after the spring sowing would construction continue. Luckily, this region was calm, and building the city walls earlier or later wouldn't make much of a difference.

Between 11 AM and noon, after 2 hours of walking, Ouyang Shuo and his men arrived at the Xuanniao tribe. This time, their treatment was totally different from the cold one they had received last time. The tribe leader, Shi Xiong, personally received them outside of the stronghold.

"Lord, welcome to Xuanniao Tribe!" Shi Xiong said warmly.

This was the magic of food and grain. Ever since Xuanniao tribe started working with Shanhai Town, they were well-fed and never had to go hungry. Naturally, Shi Xiong's attitude would change and he wouldn’t dare to be arrogant towards Ouyang Shuo.

However, if Shi Xiong knew that what they were getting wasn't even a third of what Langshan mining field was producing, what would his reaction be?

Ouyang Shuo smiled and said, "Hello leader, is the shaman okay?"

"Everything is okay! Please enter!" Shi Xiong walked in front to lead the way as Ouyang Shuo walked side by side with him.

After both sides gathered and sat down in the meeting hall, Ouyang Shuo left Tian Wenjing to discuss with Shi Xiong about further cooperation, while he got up and went towards the mountain stronghold temple to greet the shaman.

The temple was built at the highest point of the mountain stronghold, having over 200 steps. Upon climbing all the way up, the shaman was standing at the mouth of the temple and welcoming Ouyang Shuo. This was a very battered elder. Her eyes looked cloudy and she looked like she was about to die. This elder was the spiritual leader and the pride of the Xuanniao tribe.

"Guest from afar, I welcome you!" The shaman said with a hoarse voice.

Ouyang Shuo did not dare to be negligent and said sincerely, "Greetings, shaman. The gift you gave us last time was of great help to our town. To thank you, I prepared a gift of my own." Ouyang Shuo took out a night pearl from his storage bag and passed it to the young shaman standing next to her.

The night pearl was obtained after destroying a large raider camp. As the young shaman had never seen such a treasure, she was so shocked that she didn't take it.

"Lord is too courteous, such an expensive gift. It's hard for me to accept." The shaman signaled for the young shaman to accept it while walking towards Ouyang Shuo and said, "Lord, please follow me."

Xuanniao tribe's temple was made entirely of stone and was a relatively intact structure.

Ouyang Shuo was an outsider, so he couldn't enter the main ancestral hall of the temple. They went to the guest chamber beside it.

"Shaman, Shanhai Town is willing to work with the various tribes in the mountain. We don't know if you could help us with it?" Ouyang Shuo dove right into the question.

The shaman opened her cloudy eyes and said, "Our Xuanniao Tribe keeps in contact with the neighboring 4 tribes. Since sire has such an intention, I'll invite them here."

"If that is so, many thanks to shaman!" Ouyang Shuo was ecstatic.

When he left the tribe, he left Tian Wenjing behind and placed him in charge of negotiating with the other tribes. The detailed cooperation contents could be similar to the one with the Xuanniao tribe.

At the same time, to thank Ouyang Shuo for the night pearl, the shaman gave Ouyang Shuo a pair of Xuanniao tribe's Feng birds. These birds were very smart and could travel long distances to pass news.

……

3rd of April, Shanhai Town’s potato harvest

As the soil was barren, there were only 1000 odd mus of potato land, out of which 2.1 million units of potatoes were produced. The territory followed the agriculture tax and received 70,000 units of potatoes, which Ouyang Shuo passed to the Combat Logistics Division to act as military rations.

With this batch of potatoes, and together with some grain and meat, Shanhai Town's food crisis was over and there was no need to buy grain large-scale from the market. After harvesting the potatoes, Ouyang Shuo did not ask the farmers to plant rice, but cotton instead.

As they say, clothing and food go together, and you cannot lack either one. In the current Shanhai Town, cloth materials still relied heavily on the market. It didn't have its own ability. As for the colored silk from the silkworms, the industrial chain hadn't been set up, and it was considered an expensive and high-class good, not suitable for large-scale use.

Cotton was different. With it, the territory could skip linen and go straight to using cotton. Luckily, the 2,000 mus weren't considered fertile, so you wouldn't have gotten much of a yield from planting rice, and thus planting cotton was a better decision.

……

4th of April

After the shaman from the Xuanniao tribe helped coordinate it, 3 more mountain barbarian tribes agreed to work together with Shanhai Town. The 3 tribes were of a smaller scale than Xuanniao tribe, having 2000 odd people each. One other tribe rejected the shaman's invitation. The tribe was called Jifeng tribe, and it was much bigger than Xuanniao tribe, having 5000 people. When they found out that the Xuanniao tribe relied on Shanhai Town and even acted as their spokespeople, they were furious and thus refused cooperation.

The 3 tribes joining the alliance made the number of miners In Langshan mining field swell to 5000 people. Basically, with the size of the mine, this was the maximum, and any more would’ve been useless.

Because the Jifeng tribe refused cooperation, Ouyang Shuo had no choice but to increase the defense of the mine. He gathered 300 men from the various tribes and added the 2 squadrons that he had sent there, making a Langshan defense camp. Shilang was the manager of the camp. The other captain, Shibao, was sent back to Shanhai Town.

Apart from joining the operation in the mines, the 3 tribes sent 500 of their finest soldiers to join Shanhai Town's main army. Hence, Ouyang Shuo chose 200 more men from Shanhai Town and joined them with the 3 infantry squadrons to form 2 infantry camps.

In the Shanhai Town barracks meeting hall, Ouyang Shuo started to reorganize personnel.

"Zhao Sihu!"

"Present!"

"I order you to use the original 1st squadron in the infantry camp as the core, adding 200 soldiers from Shanhai Town and 200 from the mountain barbarians to build the Shanhai Town city defense camp." Ouyang Shuo said.

"City defense camp?" Sihu was confused.

"That's right. The duty of the camp is to protect the main territory. The barracks will be within the city. To adapt to the requirements of protecting the city, the camp will have two archer squadrons, two crossbowmen squadrons and one sword shield squadron. The original infantry first squadron will become the sword shield squadron, the 200 will be trained as crossbowmen, and the mountain barbarians will form the bowmen squadrons." Ouyang Shuo explained.

"I understand sire, don't worry. I will complete the task!" Zhao Sihu said loudly.

Ouyang Shuo turned to General Shi and said, "General Shi!"

"General is here! Ready for your orders!"

"I order you to use the infantry camp’s 2nd and 3rd squadrons as the core, and add 300 elites from the various tribes to form a purely mountain barbarian heavy-armored infantry camp."

"Heavy-armored infantry? But we don't have any heavy armor!" General Shi was confused too.

Ouyang Shuo shook his head and said, "Who says we don't? The Armory Division is rushing production of infantry armor, the weapons division is forging Tang daggers, and these two items will be the equipment of the heavy-armored infantry camp.

All the other generals looked at General Shi jealously. The armor was 29 kg, so only the mountain barbarians could carry it. The Tang knife was a forged weapon, so every soldier type could use it. No one expected the heavy-armored infantry to be the first to be given it.

General Shi laughed brightly. "Thank you sire, for your support."

"The heavy-armored infantry camp will be built outside the city and general must increase their training, especially weight training. I don't wish that when the armor is built, your soldiers aren't able to use it. That would be a joke." Ouyang Shuo continued.

"Sire don't worry, I will train them well."

Ouyang Shuo nodded and said, "Then I'll wait and see. After you guys are formed up and become a proper camp, I will personally give the armored infantry camp its name."

That was a great honor. To date, no camp in Shanhai Town had its own personal designation, hence one could see how much importance Ouyang Shuo placed on this.

General Shi's blood boiled and he shouted, "I won't let sire down!"



* * *





Chapter 105




Chapter 105: TWO Chapter 105 - Showdown

Chapter 105 - Showdown



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Levs

5th April, the traditional Chinese festival: Qingming Festival.

After breakfast, Ouyang Shuo brought Bing'er to the cemetery to help tidy up their relatives' graves. Unexpectedly, little aunt Lin Jing had specially rushed back from Modou to Jiaozhou to help clean the grandparents' graves. The night before little aunt left for State of Jiao, the two of them had a deep conversation in her hotel room.

"Little Shuo, are you still unwilling to tell me your in game ID?" Lin Jing asked angrily.

Ouyang Shuo had a face full of awkwardness and embarrassment. His aunt obviously wanted him to tell her everything. After the auction, Ouyang Shuo realized that he had become more confident especially when the setting up of the Shanhai Alliance had made his power in the game very stable.

Looking at the relative in front of him, his expression became very complicated. He sighed and in the end decided to trust her, saying solemnly, "Little aunt, I can tell you my ID but you must promise not to tell anyone, including your partner Xie Siyun."

"I can't even tell Siyun?"

"Yes!"

"Why so mysterious?" Little aunt felt a bit annoyed.

Ouyang Shuo had no choice but to be careful and repeated, "Little aunt, I need an answer from you."

Lin Jing was stunned as she felt the resolve in his words. "Okay, I promise I won't tell anyone your ID, including Siyun. Now can you tell me? Little Shuo, if you can't give me a proper explanation I'm going to teach you a lesson."

Ouyang Shuo nodded, he understood her personality. It was similar to his late Mother, inheriting their grandmother's genes and will never go back on their words.

"Have you heard of Qiyue Wuyi?" Ouyang Shuo asked.

"Obviously, who doesn't know him, China server's number 1 lord. Why, are you working under him?" Little aunt asked curiously.

Ouyang Shuo coughed and said calmly, "I am Qiyue Wuyi."

"What?" Little aunt jolted to her feet, saying in disbelief, "What did you say, you are Qiyue Wuyi? It isn't April Fools, don't lie to me."

Ouyang Shuo had already predicted her reaction and continued calmly, "Do you think I have any reason to lie to you?"

Lin Jing looked at her nephew in disbelief like she had seen a monster, "No wonder you didn't want to tell me your ID. Oh my god, you are a freak!"

Ouyang Shuo’s face became like stone, annoyed by this aunt, "Little aunt, I'm blood-related to you, do you really have to describe me like that?"

"But isn't it true? The world is guessing which mysterious family Qiyue Wuyi is from, who would have thought that he would be a normal kid." Little aunt was still very emotional.

Ouyang Shuo laughed.

Lin Jing judged Ouyang Shuo once again. "Not bad, seems like auntie has underestimated you. For you to get such results is not easy."

Ouyang Shuo didn't want to dwell too long on the topic and asked, "Little aunt, the reason you asked me to play it, was it because you knew some insider news?"

"That's right, Siyun and I joined the beta and based on her deduction, this game wasn't simple and it wasn't just a game; hence we stopped playing all other games and placed our efforts on this game."

Ouyang Shuo nodded, as he was amazed by Siyun's deduction. With no information, she could make a correct deduction with just her intuition. No wonder she was the leader of the second-biggest mercenary group in china.

"For this game,

I obtained a little news by luck. I won't dare to say anything else but at least your decision is correct. I also need to remind you that you all should not sell your in-game gold in the exchange platform." Ouyang Shuo reminded.

Lin Jing couldn't understand and asked curiously, "Why? Isn't our goal to sell game credits into cash? Little Shuo, do you know some insider news which helped you get such good results?"

Ouyang Shuo shook his head and said, "What I can say I already told you. My suggestion is up to you to accept or not. As for other news, little aunt should stop asking. To be safe, whether in-game or in real life, we should meet less. We should just wait for the right time!"

When she looked at Ouyang Shuo, it was like she was looking at a stranger. She couldn't imagine that the pure little kid would become so mature and even say such words. She could see a bit of Xie Siyun[a] in his figure.

"The time you speak of, when is it?" Lin Jing couldn't help but ask.

Ouyang Shuo shook his head and said, "This I can't say but it's going to be soon."

Lin Jing gave up on asking and helplessly said, "Since you are so firm, you must have your difficulties, I won't force you. Knowing that you are doing so well, little aunt is happy for you. As for your suggestion, we will think hard about it when I go back."

"Thank you for your understanding." Ouyang Shuo said.

"Okay, I can't stay too long in State of Jiao, I'll be flying back to Shanghai tomorrow morning. You should rest early!" Little aunt said.

"Okay, then little aunt, you should sleep early. Good night!" Ouyang Shuo got up and said goodbye.

"Good night!"

After leaving the hotel, Ouyang Shuo didn't take a cab home but instead chose to walk back. Anyways, the distance from the hotel back home wasn't far. Walking on the busy streets and seeing the bright and colourful lights, Ouyang Shuo was deep in thought. After showing all his cards to little aunt, he felt a lot more relaxed like a lock had been opened within him. A person to keep such a secret to himself was really just too tiring.

During this period of time, the game was bustling with news, and real life was also the same.

The news that Song Wen, who was following Ouyang Shuo's method to buy territories had spread to their ally Yuan Financial group. Yuanping followed this method to successfully buy a grade 3 village. What followed next was that the news spread from 1 to 10, 10 to 100, spreading quickly amongst the middle class.

All of the sudden, there was a race to buy up territories. Everyday there were lucky people who became billionaires overnight, making legendary tales one after another. Out of all these people, there were naturally people who went online to brag on the forums.

Just like this, news of large scale acquisitions had pushed Earth Online to the top of the news. The public were very curious, what magic did this game have to make financial groups invest so heavily in it?

A group of civilians just watched the news while a large group of them decided to join it. Those that didn't get the insider news were all rattled and tried their best to find out the truth behind the game.

In a human society like China, the whole society was like a huge net. Families would be closely linked to other families and groups will be close-knit with other groups. When someone tried hard to find out, the secret will slowly spread, spreading to small powers and increasing the acquisition craze.

Such a large scale movement finally attracted attention and those who thought that something was wrong immediately asked the government for an explanation.

Since it got to this point, the alliance government could only quicken the work for the mass migration. As for the explanation, naturally none was given. They openly announced that buying territories was the corporation's own doing and the alliance wouldn't bother.

Ouyang Shuo didn't expect that he had unknowingly caused such a reaction, not knowing whether this was a bane or a boon.

After he went back home, it was already 9 PM and Bing'er still wasn't asleep. She was emotional the entire day and unable to get excited, only when she saw little aunt did she felt slightly happier. Ouyang Shuo knew that she was thinking about her parents.

After coaxing her to sleep, it was already 10 PM. After a simple wash up, Ouyang Shuo rushed to get online. Similarly, it was the Qingming festival in the game. Early in the morning, the Military Affairs Department had represented their lord and went to clean the graves of the soldiers in the cemetery.

At 3 PM in the afternoon, Qiushui Town’s mayor Zhao Dexian sent someone to report that when the medicine farmers were out grabbing herbs, one had found a wild tea plantation. Based on his description, the leaves had white marks, probably the famous white tea from Guangxi.

Ouyang Shuo was amazed. This white tea, when placed in modern society, was still very famous. This time, the basic building of the grade 3 town: tea plantation had been solved.

This kind of tea tree would naturally grow on top of high mountains and between clouds. He didn't think about moving them and ordered Zhao Dexian to personally bring some professional tea farmers to inspect. If it was really white tea, then they would directly build the tea plantation there.



* * *





Chapter 106




Chapter 106: TWO Chapter 106 - Ambushed

Chapter 106 - Ambushed



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun



On April 6th, Feng Qiuhuang had finally acquired an additional 500 gold through the Currency Exchange Platform. Without further delay, she immediately mailed it to Ouyang Shuo, along with a letter of gratitude.

Upon receiving the gold coins and the letter, Ouyang Shuo called over Yingyu and the hall manager of Four Seas Bank, Yang Yun. He kept 500 golds as the emergency funds while all of the other gold was handed to the Four Seas Bank.

Ouyang Shuo looked at Yingyu and said, "The Finance Department will use this fund for 2 things. One: Establish bank branches in the 3 subsidiary towns, Beihai, Qiushui, and Friendship, so as to provide low-interest loans to the town residents. Two: Support and provide better policies to the shops, workshops, and handicraft industries. Encourage them to expand the scales of their businesses, hence ultimately boosting the territory's economy.”

Yingyu nodded her head with a smile, "Rest assured, big brother, with this amount of funds, there will be no more restraints on the Finance Department anymore. There will be no need to hold back, and we can finally make something great this time. Actually a nearly perfected economic stimulus plan has long been completed, lead by the secretary of the Business Division, Elder Xu. However, due to the lack of necessary funds, the plan was held back indefinitely."

"Very well." Ouyang Shuo nodded approvingly, turned and looked at Yang Yun. "Your ability is indeed something I have confidence in. So now I will be adding an additional weight onto your responsibilities. Out of the three subsidiary territories, Beihai was the earliest of all, and in a short time, it will be upgraded to a grade 2 town. Hence, I intend to have you transferred to the Four Seas Bank branch in Beihai Town to take charge of it. So, are you confident about it?"

Yang Yun, upon receiving the news, was overjoyed and answered in excitement, "Thank you for having faith in me, I will not disappoint you, my lord!"

“Good, this is the confidence you will be needing." Ouyang Shuo praised her. After that he said to Yingyu, "As for the managers for Qiushui Town and Friendship Town's bank branches, I will leave that matter to you. You have full authority on appointing the managers."

"Rest assured, brother!" Yingyu was a lady of iron as usual.

……

For the next 10 days, the military was focused on training, while actively storming the raiders’ and bandits’ camps within the territory's borders to enhance the troops' battle experience.

After a few blood-soaked wars, the 8 captains class changed and rose to basic officers. As of now, the Shanhai military force's squadron captains were all official. All of them had the word "temporary" removed from their titles. From the resources they had plundered, Ouyang Shuo only took 1,500 gold and distributed the rest to the Material Reserves Department and the Finance Department.

After the two major raiding operations, the land within a 1000 square kilometers of land was deserted of living beings. Not a single raider, bandit, or any wild animal existed. No presence of any living activities could be seen

, as they were all slaughtered in cold blood by the military. However, with the threats and targets fully exterminated, it had also indicated the end of the Spring Assault operation.

While the military was providing pleasant news, the government too was giving out good news. In a month's time, the territory had finally finished all of the infrastructure upgrades. The broad, wide road made of bluestone was paved throughout every street in town. The buildings were rebuilt using bluestone as the main support, and wore red coverings of roof tiles. Everything in and out, including the magnificent and mighty town square, was giving off one message: Shanhai Town's prosperity.

Now that the advanced shipyard was upgraded, they had started right away in building Meng Chong warships. Till now, there were already 2 Meng Chong warships delivered to the navy unit, and on average the shipyard could deliver 1 warship per week. A Meng Chong warship's unit capacity was a squadron of navy men. Therefore, 3 more warships were needed in order to meet the needs of the whole navy unit.



Other than that, his three subsidiary territories had also delivered good tidings. Beihai territory was now officially a grade 2 town, with a maximum population of 5,000 residents. For this, Ouyang Shuo had spent 1000 gold on the advanced port building blueprint, and had ordered the start of the Beihai Port project. As it was a massive construction project, even with Beihai Town going full thrust, it would still need at least a month's time.

A port was like a dock and a ferry terminal. They were all classified as special buildings. Basic port building blueprints were priced at 10 gold, hence the price of an advanced port would be 1,000 gold, or twice the price of an advanced shipyard.

For Qiushui Town to be upgraded to grade 2, it would need to take another half a month.

The good thing was that the wild white tea plantation in Nanfeng Mountain was transformed into a 5,000-acre tea plantation under the name of Qiushui Town. Between the end of March and early April were the times to harvest the white teas. Surely Zhao Dexian wouldn't let this opportunity slip away from his fingers. He had ordered the tea farmers to harvest them, and they had now already almost finished the harvests.

It wasn't a surprise at all when the white tea was recognized as a territory-special local product by the system. As Ouyang Shuo had left the tea plantation under Qiushui Town, any profits made by the sales of white tea through the grocery shop would naturally be accredited to Qiushui Town. This, in turn, would be able to stimulate and speed up Qiushui Town's economy.

Zhao Dexian proved himself to be a man of sense, as he had only secured the few white tea trees of the highest grade, labeling the teas as tribute teas. Tribute teas were the best of all; they were not available for sale and would only be specifically given as tribute to the manor, in particular, to Ouyang Shuo.

Switching to the latest affiliate town, Friendship Town, all necessary infrastructure was built. It was now focusing on building its moat, but due to the project being massive in size, there was still a long time before completion. As of now, Friendship Town was still unable to be self-sufficient, and constantly needed the main territory's support and funds.

……

On April 15th, Langshan Mining Field sent urgent news:

The Jifeng tribe has ambushed the mining site. It has destroyed a few facilities and engaged with the garrison team. The clash ended with a number of injured, and casualties of more than 40 people.



2 PM, Shanhai Town Chamber

Ouyang Shuo summoned the Military Affairs Department and the 3 majors, and an emergency meeting was held. He glanced around the chamber, solemnly saying, "I believe the news has reached all of you. Langshan mining field was hit. This is clearly a blunt provocation to Shanhai, and I, the lord, will make them pay for their actions with their blood."

"My lord, please give the orders. We will stab them right in their hearts and storm their tribal camps!" General Shi, the tempered general was the first to ask for a battle assignment.

"That's right, my lord! The city defense unit will act as the vanguard!" Zhao Sihu rose next.

Only Major Lin Yi said in a reluctant tone, "My lord, the cavalry unit will be your spear!"

Ouyang Shuo shook his head and answered Lin Yi. "This time, the expedition would be close to the mountain and deep in the woods. The terrain is not favorable to the horse-mounted cavalry. Stay. Guard and protect the territory. The cavalry unit will be taking over the city defense unit's duty. We had been wiping out the raiders and bandits; the resentment between them and us can only be washed away with the last drop of blood, be it theirs or ours. I do not wish the territory to be plundered and seized by these scourges. Major Lin, a big responsibility lays upon you, please do not let your guard down."

"Yes, my lord!" Clearly, Lin Yi knew it would turn out like this, but he was just trying his luck to see if the cavalry could join the expedition.

Ouyang Shuo ignored the two war hawks, General Shi and Major Zhao. Instead, he turned to the Military Intelligence Division and said, "Did the Military Intelligence Division have any intelligence on Jifeng tribe?"

San Gouzi, oh… he now goes with the name of Song San. Song San stood up and answered. "Yes my lord, ever since they declined to cooperate with us, the Military Intelligence Division had started gathering information regarding the Jifeng tribe."

"Very well, we are all ears!" Ouyang Shuo praised the division for their performance.

Song San started his report. "Between the borders of Lianzhou and Lingnan were mostly mountain terrains, and barbaric tribes lived and spread across the area. They were divided into two, the northern tribes and southern tribes. Each was led by a leader tribe of 10,000 men. The ones we have met so far were all southern tribes.

"The southern tribes consisted of 40 tribes; they were slightly weaker than the northern tribes. The leader tribe was Tiangou tribe, followed by four 5,000-10,000 strong large tribes, ten 3,000-5,000 strong medium-sized tribes, and 25 less than 3,000 strong tribes. Therefore, as one of the 4 large tribes, it would be natural that Jifeng tribe was unwilling to listen to the Xuanniao tribe.

"Jifeng tribe has around 5,400 men, using "strong wind" as their tribe totem, and ‘Huan’ as their surname. Their leader is called Huan Tai. He became the tribe's chief not long ago, and his age is less than 30 years old. The tribe's combat force is the tribe hunters, numbering in the 800s. According to my speculation, they were the ones who hit the Langshan mining field."

Ouyang Shuo was really satisfied with the Military Intelligence Division, as they were able to see the bigger picture, and derived the reason behind the incident of the Langshan mining field. It was truly convincing.

"What is the geographical condition of the Jifeng tribe, and their tribe's defense system?" Ge Hongliang was naturally more concerned about these questions.

Song San nodded his head and said, "Jifeng tribe is located 20 kilometers east of Xuaniao tribe. The tribe's location is in a valley-like terrain. It has 3 walls of mountains, with only an entrance at the west side where Jifeng tribe has built a defensive wall. Hence, we will have to take it down in order to raid the tribe."

Ge Hongliang frowned instantly. Such a terrain, easy to defend and hard to attack, it really was troublesome. He wasn't ready to give up, and he asked again. "How high are the mountains? Can we grapple and climb over them?"

Song San shook his head, saying for sure, "It is impossible. Although they are not as high as ours, they are still five, six hundred meters tall. In addition, the mountains are filled with bushes and trees, so they are hard for one to travel across, let alone climb over them."

"In that case, we only have one choice left: a direct attack. As long as we take down the defensive wall, the tribe will be like turtles in jars, our play dolls." Ouyang Shuo opened his mouth suddenly.

Ge Hongliang nodded his head and asked, "My lord, the expedition, who will be involved in it?" Immediately, every major glanced anxiously at Ouyang Shuo.

Ouyang Shuo did not disappoint them. He said aloud, "The expedition will be led by the infantry unit and the city defense unit, assisted by the Langshan garrison unit. Qiushui and Friendship Town’s garrison squads will stay put and protect the territories."

Shi Wanshui and Zhao Sihu were filled with immense excitement, while only Lin Yi was feeling lost.



* * *





Chapter 107




Chapter 107 - Revenge (1/2)



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Levs

As soon as the expedition army was chosen, Ouyang Shuo continued on arranging the logistics to ensure the operation goes on smoothly.

"Zhao Youfang!"

"Here!"

"It is hard to travel on the mountain roads and woods, hence prior to the expedition, the Combat Logistics Division will have to transport the logistics supply to Xuanniao tribe, we will be using it as a transfer station."

"Yes, my lord!"

"In addition, Combat Logistics Division will need to prepare war siege equipment. The war versus a defense wall is a formidable task, we must be fully prepared." Ouyang Shuo continued on.

"Understood, rest assured my lord!" Zhao Youfang was confident.

"Medications must also be taken care of. The mountain jungles are filled with snakes and insects, some of them venomous. Have a word with the hospital, and prepare the appropriate medications. It'd be best to talk to the chief shaman in Xuanniao tribe, he is an expert in this field." Ouyang Shuo really did arrange things in great detail.

After the logistics, Ouyang Shuo continued with his orders: "Song San!"

"Here!"

"The Military Intelligence Division needs to gather more information, including the road paths and its condition that we will be taking. This is the first time Shanhai will engage in a mountain jungle terrain, the intelligence must be done perfectly."

"Rest assured, my lord. Under the lead of Leng Qian, the M.I.D 1st team had ventured deep in the jungles for more intelligence.

"Very good. Zhao Sihu!"

"Here!"

"Are all your 5 squadrons fully-equipped?"

"My lord, the 2 archery squadrons had been fully-equipped from the plundered resources in the raids. But the 2 crossbow squadrons.... because crossbows were limited weapons in nature, even if we had tried our best searching in addition to the crossbows crafted from the Bow and Crossbow Division, we could only fully-equip one squadron.” Zhao Sihu said in great embarrassment.

Ouyang Shuo frowned, shook his head and said: "How will you go to war without weapons."

Zhao Sihu was flustered, he was afraid that Ouyang Shuo would leave the city defense unit behind, he quickly said: "My lord, I suggest we temporarily arm the other crossbow squadron with bows and arrows, so we can still go to war."

Ouyang Shuo stared at him, and scolded him: "Nonsense! You think war is a game? These troops had not received any archery training, even if you gave them bows, it would be useless metals in their hands. Plus, crossbows have a longer reload rate than bows, we need at least two squadrons in order to rain arrow barrages over the enemies."

Zhao Sihu, when stared at by Ouyang Shuo, turned immediately from a fierce tiger to a timid cat, his voice lowered and said: "Then what should we do?"

Fortunately, Ge Hongliang stood up and saved his ass, he said: "Sire, I have a suggestion."

"Please say it!"

"According to my understanding, the cavalry 1st squadron was initially a crossbow cavalry, which means that they have been equipped with crossbows. Therefore, my suggestion is, the cavalry 1st squadron can lend the city defense their crossbow," said Ge Hongliang.

"Good, we will do it that way." Ouyang Shuo upon hearing the suggestion approved in excitement.

After Ouyang Shuo finished the orders, Ge Hongliang continued, adding on: "Sire, while the two divisions are preparing for the war, the infantry unit and city defense unit should not stand by like sitting ducks. I suggest that the two squadrons move into Qiushui Town, start training and prepare themselves for the woods."

Ouyang Shuo nodded in agreement, said: "This is a very good suggestion, but let's not forget about the Langshan Mining Field garrison unit. The infantry unit and city defense unit will move into the mining site, they will train and coordinate together with the garrison unit."

Speaking of Langshan garrison unit, it reminded Ouyang Shuo of one thing, he turned and said to Zhao Youfang: "Prepare a batch of equipment for the Langshan garrison unit, it is time to upgrade and change theirs."

"Yes!"

'Alright, let's go and get prepared!" Ouyang Shuo put an end to the meeting.

"Understood!"

……

4th month 20th day, Xunniao tribe main gate, the infantry unit, city defense unit and Langshan garrison unit had gathered all together.

The expedition will be led by Ouyang Shuo himself, along with Ge Hongliang as his strategist.

"Soldiers, five days ago, out of nowhere, the Jifeng tribe hit the Langshan Mining Field, brought pain and suffering to our people. This is a declaration of war! Shanhai Town has zero tolerance over these provocations, an eye for an eye, and we will wash away the pain they brought with their blood!" Ouyang Shuo shouted to the soldiers.

"An eye for an eye! They pay with their blood!" The soldiers shouted in unison.

"Depart!"

The mighty force marched towards the valley where the Jifeng tribe was located, the Infantry unit as vanguard, city defense unit in the middle and Langshan garrison unit at the back. At the end of the expedition force were the logistics, mainly formed by the tribes.

At 4 PM, the expedition team stood 3km away from the Jifeng tribe defense wall. Under General Shi's command, they stopped and set up their camps. They will have a good rest for a night and at first light tomorrow, they will strike.

At the main tent, Ouyang Shuo gathered the three majors and the Military Intelligence Division for a pre-war military meeting.

"Leng Qian, what are the conditions of the Jifeng tribe, have they been alerted to our existence?" the first thing Ouyang Shuo asked was the Military Intelligence Division.

"My lord, the Jifeng tribe was at usual, nothing alerting was going on."

"Oh? How could it be, they hit our Langshan mining filed, aren't they worried about our revenge? Seems like they were not preparing themselves at all, is this some sort of tricks?" Ouyang Shuo questioned in disbelief.

Quickly Leng Qian explained: "My lord, it is a norm for the tribes to ambush one another for hunting spaces. As the only largest tribe in this area, Jifeng tribe claims themselves as the king. They were not pleased with the Xuanniao tribe's actions and therefore it is only natural for them to teach the Xuanniao tribe a lesson. Moreover, due to their arrogance, they had rejected the elder shaman's invitation, not having the chance to witness the strength of our military forces. They were blind and that is why they could still keep their peace in mind."

Langshan garrison unit Major Shi Lang confirmed the statement, "Yes, matters like these, the small-middle tribes dare not speak and could only choke on our own fury. This is also why when sire decided to strike Jifeng tribe, we, the small-middle tribes supported so much."

Ouyang Shuo nodded, smiled and said: "Very good, it seems like that even fate decided to stand by our side. I give my words, strengthen the patrols tonight, do not let your guards down, and tomorrow, we will take down the Jifeng tribe once and for all."

The next day, the military had their meals and marched towards the Jifeng tribe.

Watching the Jifeng tribe's defense wall before his eyes, Ouyang Shuo pondered deeply. The wall, 30 meters wide, 6 meters tall, stretched from one end of the valley entrance to the other, the structures were made of large stone rocks, giving it a mighty look. Right in the middle of the wall, stood a 4 meter wide wooden gate, while on the top of the wall were battlements designed for archers to shoot and take cover.

Ouyang Shuo turned and looked at Ge Hongliang who was standing beside him and asked: "Director Ge, what thoughts do you have?"

"With such a defensive system, we could still take it down with the help of scaling ladders, but the casualties would be heavy in numbers. I had carefully observed the defense wall and found out something interesting, the gate they had was not a drawbridge but merely a standing wooden door. My suggestion is, we will focus our main target on the wooden door." Ge Hongliang answered.

Ouyang Shuo nodded in agreement, "You are right, these are all we've got, we've got little to sacrifice. However, it is not an easy task to break through the wooden gate. As soon as we make an appearance, they will be alerted immediately and reinforcements would come. Moreover, they have the geographical advantage, it will be hard for us to reach the gate, there will still be many casualties."

Ge Hongliang said in great confidence: "Sire need not worry much. According to the Military Intelligence Division's reports, the Jifeng tribesmen use simple wooden bows like every other tribe. These wooden bows were mainly for hunting purposes with a shooting range of less than 120-meters. In comparison, our basic composite bows with light arrows can shoot up to 200-meters in range, far further than theirs. In addition, our crossbows have a greater shooting range of 300-meters."

"Therefore, As long as we stand 150-meters from the defense wall, out of their 120-meters bow range, we can totally suppress the tribesmen behind the wall with our crossbows. Then, our shielded infantry can proceed with minimum damage to the wooden gate, breach the gate with large wooden rams."

"Very good, This is a nice strategy!" Ouyang Shuo clapped his hand upon hearing the well-planned strategy.

As they had decided their strategy plan, the war machine immediately operated with full throttle. The first to initiate was the city defense unit, they went front until 150-meters away from the wall. The first line of defense stood a row of experienced rank 4 veterans shield-sword infantry squadron, their task was to form a wall like an unbreakable shield and protect their fellow war archers.

The second and third row were the two squadrons of bow archers, formed by the native tribesmen, Zhao Sihu had chosen the best out of the best, with the composite bows in their hands, they were nearly unstoppable. The last two rows were the Shanhai crossbow squadron. A crossbow was easy for one to grasp in nature, an ordinary man could use a crossbow with only 3-to-4 days of training, yet a crossbow could deal a great damage to anyone who dares to oppose it.

The infantry unit was in the west wing of the city defense unit, they would be playing the main role of attacking the wooden gate. The best 500 warriors from the native tribes, although not fully-equipped with Tang swords and Buren armor, but they were strong and should never be underestimated and were led by the fearsome, dreadful, mighty General Shi and 5 skillful captains.

Whereas the east wing was taken by the Langshan garrison unit. Initially, Shi Lang had strongly requested to take on the main role of attacking the wooden gate, but Ouyang Shuo had declined his request after some considerations. Ouyang Shuo was worried, the Langshan garrison unit had not been through a blood-bathed war, it was not the time to trust them with such a big role yet.



* * *





Chapter 108




Chapter 108 - Revenge (2/2)

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

When the Shanhai military appeared outside of the defense wall, the tribe sentries almost dropped their jaws. Fortunately, they were well-trained, and immediately blew the horn of war.

The penetrating high-pitched sound filled the whole valley, causing waves of commotions. The Jifeng tribesmen walked out of their houses in fear, trying to find out what was happening.

Huan Tai, chief of Jifeng tribe, had just gotten down from his bed when the sentry rushed into his tent. His stentorian, loud sound could be heard clearly. “Who blew the war horn?”

“War chief, a large army force appeared outside the defensive wall.” The sentry was panicking.

“Army? Which tribe do they belong to? How many men are there?” Huan Tai’s heart skipping a beat, he quickly asked.

“Their flags and banners weren’t from any of the tribes. I have never seen them before. I had a look and there were roughly 1000 men, fully-equipped. They look more like military soldiers than tribe hunters.”

“Military soldiers? Crap, could it be the Shanhai military?” Huan Tai was sensible, realizing the invader’s identity. He responded immediately and shouted, “Gather the tribe hunters, I want every man on the defensive wall, God dammit!”

“Yes!”

Jifeng tribe hunters consisted of 800 men, while 200 were stationed patrols on the wall, and the other 600 stayed in their warm houses. They all gathered together only when the hunt was on. Therefore, it would take more than a simple effort to gather all of them in such a short period of time. Huan Tai started to gather the hunters while comforting his tribesmen at the same time.

When the gathered men hit 400 in number, Huan Tai could wait no longer. He was worried that the defensive wall could not fend off the Shanhai military. He could not sit by and watch, doing nothing. He led the 400 hunters, and headed towards the defensive wall, leaving behind his trusted right-hand man, Huan An, who was waiting for the rest of the hunters.

……

At the defensive wall, Shanhai was the first to initiate. Taking advantage of their long-range shooting capability, the city defense unit fired volley after volley of arrows, suppressing the hunters behind the battlements. The Jifeng tribe hunters were powerless against the arrow barrage, as they were limited by the shorter shooting range of their wooden bows. Their arrows could not even reach the shield-sword infantry, and the feeling of powerlessness soured their hearts.

After suppressing the Jifeng hunters, Ouyang Shuo ordered the infantry unit to sally towards the main gate. Packs of soldiers carried strong large wood on their shoulders, lifted shields in the air, and rushed towards the defensive wall.

Only at this point of time did the tribe hunters become aware of Ouyang Shuo’s intention. Watching the infantry unit coming closer to the defense wall, they had no choice but to endure the rain of arrows and return fire.

Honestly speaking, the hunters weren’t really unable to parry the attacks. After all, they were the ones with the geographical advantage. As soon as any infantry came close to the wall, they would rise and return fire, fearless and fearsome, rocks and wood rolling and falling down the defensive wall, pushing back the infantry unit again and again.

Finally, Huan Tai came with his reinforcements. His arrival inspired confidence, and quickly the morale within the hunters stabilized. They started to form formations and fiercely defended the wall, fully utilizing their stones and wood with their geographical advantage.

Watching as the defensive wall stood stronger than before, a frown found its way onto Ouyang Shuo's face. He turned to Ge Hongliang and said, "If it continues on like this, the city defense unit is not going to hold it together anymore. Relay my words, order the infantry unit to push forwards. Take down the wooden gate at all costs!" While he was talking to Ge Hongliang, the second half of the sentence was actually directed to the orderly.

"Yes!" the orderly turned and passed on the orders.

Upon receiving the new order, General Shi's face turned ferocious, he shouted out loud, "Brothers, Our lord is watching us! As the main force, we still haven’t yet taken down that damn gate, this is a disgrace to the infantry unit! The brats of the Langshan garrison unit were asking sire to replace us with them! Can you allow it to happen!?"

"No no no!" The soldiers were furious and answered loudly.

"Then what do we do?" General Shi's voice could be heard loud and clear all over the unit.

"Take it down and defend our name!" The soldiers were riled up.

"Good, this is the determination I need. By my orders, we move and strike! If the gate still stands high, then I, Shi Wanshui, would rather die than face sire!" Shi Wanshui shouted.

"Attack!"

Shi Wanshui personally acted as the spearhead, and his act inspired the other soldiers.

Then infantry unit carried the wood, lifted the shields, and formed a layer of tight protection in formation. They charged in the rain of arrows without fear of death, and rushed towards the wooden gate.

30 minutes later, under the fearless assault of the infantry unit, the wooden gate finally fell. Without the slightest delay, Ouyang Shuo ordered the east wing Langshan garrison unit forwards, and sallied into the valley. During this, the city defense unit kept in formation and slowly marched forwards.

As the gate had fallen, the whole defensive wall was at its end. Infantry unit soldiers restlessly rushed to the defensive wall, bravely fighting the hunters on it.

The tardy Langshan garrison unit took over the task of defending the gate. Coincidently, they had met with the reinforcements led by Huan An. As the two enemies met, Shi Lang’s eyes turned blood-red and he shouted, “Kill them all!” Upon finishing the sentence he charged in front and engaged the hunters in a battle of close-combat.

Needless to say, with 500 fully-equipped warriors of Langshan against 200 tribe hunters with simple weapons, the war quickly turned one-sided. Knowing their defeat was inevitable, Huan An led the tribe hunters and surrendered.

On the defensive wall, the Jifeng hunters were pushed back and cornered by the infantry unit. Hunters were in the end, hunters, how could they match up to an official military force? Huan Tai led his men defending against the attacks and shouted, “Are you the Shanhai military? Why did you attack us without any reasons?”

Shi Wanshui grinned while his spear sent a hunter to his death. He laughed and answered, “Haha, how funny, you attacked our Langshan mining field and now pretend nothing happened?

Today, I will crush your tribe into crumbs!”

Right at this moment, Ouyang Shuo came up to the wall and heard the conversation. He immediately shouted, “Huan Tai, have all your men surrender and all of you will be spared!”

“Hmph, we Jifeng are no cowards. We’d rather die than surrender!” Huan Tai relentlessly said.

“Oh really? Very well, you hunters are no cowards, but how about your families?” Ouyang Shuo said in an unconvincing bantering manner.

His words caused a wave of commotion within the hunters. Their families would be left defenseless against Shanhai if they were to die here.

“You… shameless!” seeing that Ouyang Shuo’s simple sentence destroyed the morale of his hunters, Huan Tai shouted in anger.

“A wise man submits to fate, Huan Tai, I will not repeat again, surrender and you will be spared. Otherwise, don’t blame me for being ruthless.” Ouyang Shuo gave his offer again while holding a cold face.

“Sigh!” Huan Tai gave a long sigh, and with no choice, he threw his weapons away.

After the hunters were disarmed, Ouyang Shuo ordered the infantry unit to hold the captives, ordered the Langshan garrison unit to move into the valley, and gathered the other tribesmen.

……

Jifeng tribe council chamber

“Director Ge, what are the number of the injured and casualties?” Ouyang Shuo was concerned about his troops.

“My lord, the numbers were 20 death, 35 seriously injured, and 60 with slight injuries.”

Ouyang Shuo’s face turned black, and solemnly said, “We still suffered a great loss! The Military Affairs Department has to handle the deaths properly. Arrange for the seriously injured soldiers’ basic welfare and livelihood for after retirement. At the same time, start looking for more recruits, I think it is time to consider the establishment of an army reserves unit.”

“Understood!”

“This war gave us nothing in return. Jifeng was poor like refugees. We are at a deficit.” Ouyang Shuo said in great pain.

“At least we have built our prestige in this piece of land. From the way I see it, the moment the news of this war spreads out to the land, the other small-medium tribes will start approaching us, seeking alliances.” Ge Hongliang said reassuringly.

“Well, guess I can only think of it this way.”

“Sire, what are your plans for the Jifeng tribe?” Ge Hongliang asked.

“Take them back to the territory. Bring those we can. Those we can’t bring will be left here.” Ouyang Shuo said helplessly. He had no other better ways. He had suffured such a great loss, so it was purely impossible for him to let the tribe walk away freely. He could only bring them back to his territory.

However, he saw that Ge Hongliang was frowning in response to his solution, so he smiled and said, “Feel free to speak up!”

“Yes, my lord. I have taken a good look at this valley, and the valley covers a great area of land. The land Jifeng had taken up was like a drop of water from the jar compared to the whole valley. The valley is filled with water plants. What’s more interesting is that there is a lake. There is also a fertile grassland suitable for pasturage. Therefore, my suggestion is, we can definitely turn this valley into our own pasture. My lord is well aware that Friendship Town is still building its basic infrastructure. Even if it had been completed, to build a pasture outside of the town, we will still have to face great threats from the nomadic tribes. In comparison, this valley is unenlightened, so we will only require a squadron of the garrison team on the defensive wall and we can be at ease.” Ge Hongliang said.

Ouyang Shuo nodded his head in agreement and said, “Your suggestion is very good. However, the valley is too far away from the territory. In addition, to travel through the mountain jungle pathways will not be that easy!”

“My lord, as long as we can smoothly establish a military pasture, have some men and resources, and pave a road from Xuanniao tribe to the valley, the results will still be worth it!” Ge Hongliang continued to persuade Ouyang Shuo.

“Alright, we will do as you planned!” Ouyang Shuo had finally made his decision and continued, “The Military Affairs Division must have good communication with the Transportation Division and make preparatory arrangements. After we return to the territory, perhaps it is time to make contact with the nomadic tribes. It is not good to delay further anymore.”

“Understood!”



* * *





Chapter 109




Chapter 109: TWO Chapter 109 - Winding up

Chapter 109 - Winding up

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Levs

23th of April

The expeditionary army escorted nearly 5000 prisoners detained in the battle and returned to Shanhai Town.

There was a small incident while returning from the Jifeng tribal valley; the great shaman of the tribe committed suicide in the temple upon learning the tribe had fallen under the siege.

The news about the great shaman’s suicide spread quickly among the tribe and caused quite some stirs. Seeing sparks of rebellion among the tribe people, Ouyang Shuo decided to stay at the valley for one more day for the purpose of calming the tribe people and the affection towards the other tribes around the valley. They held a funeral for the great shaman and their action greatly lifted the Jifeng tribe people’s hatred towards Shanhai Town.

As expected by Ge Hongliang, after the news that the Jifeng tribe had fallen to Shanhai Town, within a day, the surrounding tribes, including two medium scale and six small scale tribes, quickly sent their emissaries to the Xuanniao tribe’s great shaman to be the middlemen between them and Shanhai Town. This was also to express their good will towards Shanhai Town.

With the fall of the Jifeng tribe, the Xuanniao tribe replaced the position of Jifeng tribe in a indiscernible way, becoming the regional head. This caused the tribal leader, Shi Xiong, to be very proud, and he admired the great shaman’s decision on that day. Seeing that Shi Xiong was a little bit carried away, the great shaman had no choice but to step in. The shaman warned him that the only reason that the Xuanniao tribe was the way it was right now was solely because of Shanhai Town, so he shouldn’t get carried away and take the other tribes around the valley lightly as it may cause these tribes to rebel against Shanhai Town.

Under the reminder of his shaman, Shi Xiong managed to wake up from his own imagination. In order to express their gratitude to Shanhai Town, they sent another two pairs of hummingbirds to show their respect towards Shanhai Town. As for Ouyang Shuo, he was clearly satisfied with the actions of Shi Xiong. Those hummingbirds were sent to the Military Intelligence Division. He also told Song San to try his best to learn the secret technique of the Xuanniao tribe on how to breed and expand the numbers of the hummingbird. This was because these little things were extremely useful, as they could help in gathering information, delivering messages and the value of these tiny creatures could easily be summed up to that of an entire battalion if used properly.

The remaining 600 hunters were all disarmed and were sent to the mining field to mine for two years after returning to Shanhai Town. They would be granted the identities of residents of Shanhai Town at the end of their services after 2 years. With these 600 people, the amount of miners increased up to 1000 people, meeting the requirement to advance into an advanced mining field. With the Armory Division and Weaponry Division starting to produce armors and weapons, the demand of iron increased drastically, and these 600 captives came in handy to raise the mining speed.

The hands of these 600 people were covered with the blood of Shanhai Town’s army. As punishment, Ouyang Shuo had sent them to the mining site to mine to eliminate their hostility and physical strength. He specifically ordered the person in charge of the mining excavation site to only give them three meals a day, an amount that was only enough for them to not starve. However, their most basic human rights or so were maintained as they weren’t allowed to be punished by the wardens without a reason or theyd be punished heavily.

Although Ge Hongliang also suggested to pick out

some of them and recruit them into the infantry unit or city defense unit, Ouyang Shuo did not approve his idea and turned him down. Since there were the new tribes that were inclined towards Shanhai, he did not have to worry that there were no high quality candidates to recruit into the army ranks. There were still some unstable elements in recruiting the hunting members.

The remaining 4000 people were arranged and sent to the Northern Salt Pans to begin the last phase of the saltern construction. Upon completion of the Northern Salt Pans, it’d reach the maximum limit of 1000 acres. With the increase of these 4000 people, Beihai Town was pushed to the size of a grade 3 town and was ready to advance its level once the other infrastructure constructions were completed.

Ouyang Shuo also thought about keeping these 4000 people in Shanhai Town in order to reach the population number of 10,000 to advance into a city, but this was not an easy task. First of all, the politics, economy, culture and military points for the town must meet a requirement of 45 points each, but Shanhai Town had already met this requirement.

The crucial point was that to advance into a city, the town lord must hand in an application to the game system in advance. Upon meeting all requirements, the system would automatically generate a huge wave of bandits to siege the territory. Only upon successfully defending the territory would the town successfully advance to the next level.

Moreover, this application to the game system was limited to a number of times. Failure in defending the territory would lead to a cool down of half a month. Should a player apply 3 times and fail 3 times, the territory would lose its qualification of promotion permanently. Thus, one must think twice and be fully prepared before submitting an application.

However, Ouyang Shuo killed his thought of advancing Shanhai Town in such a short time. He cleared his mind, as he was never a person who acted frivolously.

After returning to his territory, Ouyang Shuo immediately gathered the Construction Division and the Transportation Division to deploy the construction of the stables in the valley. The Construction Division was not only responsible to build and service the path road linking the Xuanniao tribe to Jifeng tribe. They were also required to follow the request of the Transportation Division to modify some structures that had been previously built in the valley. The unnecessary ones were to be demolished and the drawbridge of the fortress had to be redesigned and built into one with enhanced defensive capabilities.

Ouyang Shuo ordered Zhao Dewang to make full use of the tribal people’s manpower. All he had to do was just provide them food, and these tribal people would be more than happy to work. Ouyang Shuo believed that once they got a taste of the sweet life over here, the other tribes would eventually lower their guard and cooperate with Shanhai Town sincerely.

The army rested and prepared for another three days, and after that, Ouyang Shuo began to reorganize all the battalions. The city defense unit alone will be occupying the entire advanced military camp in the city, officially taking over the responsibility for city defense. Another advanced military camp was built somewhere twenty miles away in the west by the Construction Division and handed over to the infantry unit, being named as the City West Camp, located somewhere between the border of the territory and the main base, responsible for safeguarding the western region of the territory. The responsibility was heavy because there were a lot of main properties; industrial areas outside the city, mining field, factories and settlements everywhere, saturated in the western region.

The cavalry unit was instead officially moved to Friendship Town. In the north of the town, an advanced military camp was built for the cavalries, named City North Camp. The camp was like a nail struck deep in the great prairie, safeguarding and monitoring the nomadic tribes.

Before the cavalries departed, Ouyang Shuo summoned Lin Yi to his office and had a secret discussion for the entire afternoon with the presence of Ge Hongliang. Whatever that was discussed was not known by any other people except the trio.

On the eve of the 1st of May, Shanhai Town welcomed several happy events.

Through the recruitment hall, an advanced priest, Ge Yan, was recruited. He is said to be one of the descendants of the Ge Hong bloodline from the Eastern Jin Dynasty. The priest was not only a master in Taoist classics, he was also a master apothecary, proficient in making pills. One could really see some traits of the Ge Hong The Great Priest in Ge Yan’s actions.

Ge Hong did not choose to have the Taoist temple built in the city, but he chose to have it built on top of a hill somewhere at the west of the city after travelling around the entire territory for more than 3 days. The scene around the hill was indeed beautiful, making it a great place. Feng Shui had always been mysterious, Ouyang Shuo did not stop him for this reason and he deeply believed that Ge Yan choosing that location had his own reason and consideration since he was someone who is good with Feng Shui.

Taoist temple belonged under the category of cultural structures, it came with the advantage in promoting the culture of the territory. Thus, Ouyang Shuo did not hope to gain income from the temple. He also ordered the Construction Division to follow the demands of Ge Yan in the construction of the temple. Upon completion, under the stats of Ge Yan and the unique characteristics of the temple, the cultural index of the entire territory was increased by 5 points.

The temple was then named Qing Yang Temple by Ge Yan and he took in 2 miscellaneous servants and 4 orphans as apprentices.

The other two structures in the grade 3 town, the pawnshop and the inn, was also completed by now. However, these two structures were not able to operate properly now. With the presence of the Four Seas Bank providing low-interest loans and the conditions of Shanhai Town, the pawnshop is more for display only and the residents were basically refugees from other places and they have yet able to save up much money or any valuable items. Therefore, the Finance Department only hired one shop keeper just to look after the pawnshop.

The same goes for the inn. Shanhai Town was currently a closed territory and there’s barely any outsider. Naturally the inn had no guest at all, therefore, there’s no one who was willing to take over the inn and with no choices left, the inn could only be temporarily managed by the Finance Department.

The jewelry shop too, caught Ouyang Shuo off guard with zero business. Upon knowing this, Ouyang Shuo specifically went to understand the situation. The truth however, had left him confused about whether to laugh or to cry.

The reason was not because there’s a shortage of goldsmiths or silversmiths, the problem was that these craftsmen had the skills needed but not the capital. Jewelries in the ancient era were generally made of gold, silver, and copper, and required materials with relatively higher purity. With the conditions of Shanhai Town, none was able to provide the required materials.

Ouyang Shuo deliberately decided that the government will take over the business of the jewelry shops and the profits will be used for the government’s daily expenses. He immediately put in 100 gold coins and turned them into high purity gold, silver and copper ingots through the magical function of the item storage bag.

With the government taking over the jewelry shop now, Ouyang Shuo had to elect a shop keeper to maintain the shop. Under the recommendation of Yingyu, he selected her maid, Si Qin to be responsible for the shop. Si Qin had been following Yingyu for quite some time so she had also learnt a considerable amount of business knowledge too. Therefore, Ouyang Shuo believed that she was capable and handed over the shop to her.

Another good news was about the silkworms. After nearly two months of cultivation, the silkworm breeding had finally began to enter the right track. As expected, the first badge of silks produced by the silkworms were recognized as the territory special local product by the system. It can be sold through the grocery shops. With the addition of these silkworms, Shanhai Town had now acquired three types of unique local products, which were the Three Flower Wine, White Tea and Rainbow silk.

As rare items were naturally expensive, the price of Rainbow Silk had reached a whopping ten gold coins, becoming the third goose that lay golden eggs of the town. Upon learning the news, Ouyang Shuo immediately demanded the expansion of the silkworm breeding field. The Finance Department then immediately loaned out two hundred gold coins with low interest rate for the upgrade of the entire textile industry chain. Under this process, the textile association was beginning to generate more and more profits for the town.



* * *





Chapter 110




Chapter 110: TWO Chapter 110 – Collecting Earnings

Chapter 110 – Collecting Earnings



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun



April 30th

It was once again the time to sell sea salt. Northern Saltworks had made a monthly profit of 3600 gold.

In the other business pillar of the territory, the Langshan mine, the monthly profits reached 8500 gold due to the number of miners increasing to 5000, exceeding Northern Saltworks' by a large margin and becoming the largest industry in the territory.

With this added with the 900 gold he had on hand, now Ouyang Shuo had 13000 gold. This sum looked enormous, but deducting the daily expenses, the funds that could be used weren't that much.

Ouyang Shuo took out 5000 gold and passed it to the Finance Department to use as the financial expenditure of the territory.

Firstly was the military expenditure. As the military expanded, the costs would increase. Just the military costs was already a huge amount.

Ever since the territory became financially independent, Ouyang Shuo increased a soldier's monthly pay by 10 times. A rank 1 soldier would earn 10 silver a month, a 9th rank 90 silver, a sergeant one gold, a captain 5 gold, and a major would get 20 gold a month.

With the cavalry unit as an example, the average rank of a soldier was 4 and the cost of the basic soldier was 180 gold, adding in the 50 sergeants, 5 captains and one major, the unit cost 275 gold. 4 units cost 1100 gold. Further adding in the food, weapons, and equipment costs, the military cost around 1400 gold.

Secondly would be the government expenditure. As all the Departments and Divisions were filled up, the costs were very high too. A basic white collar worker was paid 1 gold, secretary 10 gold, director 25 gold. Adding the cost of ink, paper, and overhead costs, the monthly expenditure was around 500 gold.

There was also public expenditure. To raise up funds for the system auction, finish the city walls, city protection river, city rebuilding, Friendship Town’s city walls and road works, not forgetting the pay of the construction workers, which was 100 coppers, it cost 1000 gold.

But as these works were a 1 time off thing, they weren't a part of monthly expenses.

Apart from those, as the scales of the logging camp, mine, quarries, Armory Division, Bow and Crossbow Division, weapon workshop and other military related industries, the brick kiln, pottery workshop, shipyard, and other territory businesses increased, the monthly cost had exceeded 1500 gold.

Especially military businesses like the Armory Division. Hiring all the special talents, their salaries were definitely high. An apprentice earned 30 silver a month, basic talents 1 gold, intermediate talents 5 gold, and advanced talents earned 10 gold a month.

Lastly, there was also one big point, which was the welfare package. Every person that entered the town would be given a package that cost around 15 silver. Every day, the main camp was getting 75 new people, which added up to 340 gold a month, adding the other 3 towns, this was close to 1000.

The above few were the 5 main outputs and didn't include education, public sanitation, and other outputs. The 4th month's income was only 1000 gold, without the salt pans and the mine, the Financial Department would not be able to handle this.

Ever since privatization happened in the February, most of these outputs were invisible and not seen.

In the March, these financial problems started to show up, only because Ouyang Shuo was busy with the au

ction did he cover them up.

Now in the April, the financial situation finally turned for the better, not having such a high deficit. Only then could Ouyang Shuo use the profits to cover for the negatives in the previous two months.

One could say that only in the April was privatization finally completed. For the past two months, there were many plans that had not begun or started. Only with the saltpans and the mine helping out the financial situation was Ouyang Shuo able to succeed with privatization.

Now the salary of workers in Shanhai Town had reached near to that of King city. While other territories were struggling for food, Shanhai Town had started privatisation. And when 80% of the populations were struggling to keep warm, people in Shanhai Town were no worse off than people in King City.

The reason why Ouyang Shuo did this wasn't only to make his people rich and thus his territory would become richer. The deeper motive was to make use of their advantage to raise the spending of the residents, causing the economy to boom. As long as they had money, they would be willing to spend more on food, clothing, beer, and jewelery.

All of this was related to one another. He’d put in a huge investment with the hope of getting returns in the near future. Only by making the cake bigger could he raise the tax revenue. His real motive was to be able to sustain the territory purely on taxes without businesses and industries like the Northern Saltworks and Langshan mining field.

No matter what, the golden goose would one day die off. The mine would have a day when it was empty and the saltpans would have a day when its income would be too little. One must always think for the future, and Ouyang Shuo didn't want to be a lord that only cared about short-term monetary gains.

After giving the money to the Financial Department, he still had 8000 gold on hand. He was obviously not going to let this money sit around.

Ouyang Shuo went to the Intermediate Market and spent 200 gold for advanced market blueprints, ready to upgrade it and start trade routes and businesses. Only with the trade platform could Shanhai Town start trading with allies.

Ouyang Shuo opened a special tab and searched for secret manuals. Apart from the 3000 gold for reserves, with the remaining 4800 gold he wanted to gather secret manuals.

There were very few king rank and above secret manuals, and they didn't separate between real or fake. An average copper secret manual was 50 silver, black steel was 2 gold, silver was 10 gold, and black gold was 50 gold. The manual he had given to Song Jia was a gold level authentic secret manual.

As for secret manuals above gold rank, they were very rare. They would occasionally appear, but emperor rank secret manuals did not. As for god level and saint level ones, they wouldn't appear on the market.

Ouyang Shuo obviously only gathered the authentic and good secret manuals. Unexpectedly, he bumped into an emperor-level spear secret manual Yang Spearmanship Manual. Its selling price was 1000 gold.

Ouyang Shuo bought it without hesitating, and took a look at its stats.

Name: Yang Spearmanship Manual (Emperor rank)

Routines: Dahua spear/Flower War spear/17 spear/Military War spear/Lihua Bamu spear/Xiaohua spear

Stances: Whitesnake spit letter/Swallow steals nest/Green dragon lands/Dragon shows its tail/Eel escapes from hook/Exploring the ocean/Lion dives on deer/Kid hugs heart/Cloud piercing flame/ Dragon goes into the hole/Wolf claws at the heart/ Cow sows field/ etc.

Ultimate: Throat Killing Spear, Huima Spear

Evaluation: Yang family spear, Full name: Yang Family Lihua Spear, passed down from Nansong army general Liquan's wife Yang Miaozhen. The spear technique is heroic, Both front and back is firm, Attacks like needle, and Returns like thread. The speed will make people unable to keep up. The throat lock spear is something ghosts cannot block. The Huima spear is something gods and deities find hard to defend against.

The Yang Spearmanship Manual was regarded as the best spear technique, as it had many stances. Ming Dynasty Qin Jiguang pointed out in his book that the spear changes so much based on the situation that no one can adapt to it’. Getting this secret manual meant that Ouyang Shuo finally had his main spear cultivation method.

An emperor-rank secret manual was so hard to get in his last life, and there were not many god-rank secret manuals. As for saint-rank ones, those were of legends and no one had seen them.

To master an authentic emperor-rank secret manual was very difficult. Ancient spear practitioners started at a young age, and only after blood, sweat, and tears, along with help from masters, could they master it. Players only used the technology to train in it. If they did not spend 4 months training their basic spearmanship, they probably wouldn't even understand the secret manual.

Apart from this emperor-rank secret manual, Ouyang Shuo did not meet another suitable secret manual. He did not find even a king-level one.

As he had no choice, Ouyang Shuo spent the remaining 3800 gold on 76 authentic gold-rank secret manuals, practically sweeping everything from the market.



* * *





Chapter 111




Chapter 111: TWO Chapter 111 - Saying Goodbye

Chapter 111 - Saying Goodbye

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Levs

In the blink of an eye, it was going to be the long holidays. After dealing with the territory, Ouyang Shuo started to plan for the holidays.

After thinking, Ouyang Shuo decided not to log into the game during the holidays and focus on bringing Bing'er out to play.

Ouyang Shuo had his reasons why he landed with such a decision.

Firstly, in the game, Shanhai Town had already developed well. Politics, finance, culture and military, these four pillars all needed time to solidify and wouldn't need to be touched in the near future. Even if he wasn't in the territory, with Fan Zhongyan , General Shi and the other leaders, nothing chaotic will happen.

Secondly, in real life, there was only 6 months till they say goodbye to the earth. As someone who was born and bred here, this goodbye was forever. Ouyang Shuo wanted to take this long holiday as sort of a goodbye trip from earth.

After making his decision, Ouyang Shuo started preparing for the trip.

In the meeting room of the Lord's Manor, Ouyang Shuo called the 4 directors for a meeting. He looked around and said, "I called you here to announce something."

"Is it a good news or bad news?" Yingyu asked jokingly.

"Neither." Ouyang Shuo shook his head and said, "From tomorrow onwards, I'll be locking myself up for 5 days. When I'm not here, for Shanhai Town’s matters, I'll depend on you four."

Normally when players weren't online, they were training and locking themselves up, hence this was not surprising, thus they needn't think of a reason to explain to the NPCs.

"Before I leave, I have something to explain to all of you."

"Sire please tell!"

"Firstly, the Military Affairs Department and cavalry unit, you can try to contact the nomadic tribes. The 2 small tribes on the east and west we can try to crush them. The medium sized one in the middle we can have a cooperation with them. If it's possible, get a batch of Qingfu horses as soon as possible and grow them in the Jifeng Valley." Ouyang Shuo looked at Ge Hongliang and Lin Yi.

"Sire don't worry, the Military Affairs Department's main focus has been the building of the stables at Jifeng Valley. As for how to obtain Qingfu horses, we already have an idea. For the specifics, we still need the Military Intelligence Division to find out more information." Zhu Hongliang replied.

Ouyang Shuo nodded his head, "Good, then I can't wait for the outcome."

He turned around and looked at Pei Donglai who rushed back from Beihai Town and said, "General Pei, for the navy unit, the Meng Chong battleships have already been built and can be sent out to the ocean. You must scout and find out about the waters nearby if there are any islands. We must also be careful of pirates. Although it's very peaceful now, I don't believe that there aren't any pirates in this region."

"Yes sire, don't worry. This general just wanted to bring the small boys of the navy unit out for a little trip to look around and feel the breeze. They haven't went out to sea before. As for the pirates, I will keep a look out for them." Pei Donglai stood up and said.

"Good, with your assurance, I don't need to worry about anything."

Ouyang Shuo turned to Zhao Sihu and said, "General Zhao, for the city defense unit, I only have one goal which is to focus on the training of soldiers in defending the city walls and river. Our soldiers are skilled in fighting beasts or invading others but they don't know how to defend. This can't do. Don't look at the r

aiders and bandits as weak, if they group up or band together, we won't be able to handle them, hence, as the city protection squad of our town, you must train hard. The soldiers must be familiar with the wall layout and must train hard, they shouldn't think that it's peace time and start slacking.”

Zhao Sihu stood up and bowed, saying solemnly, "Sire don't worry! General will increase training and ensure the safety of our camp."

Ouyang Shuo nodded and turned to General Shi, "General Shi as for you and the infantry unit, I don't need to worry. I only hope that Shanhai Town's armoured infantry unit could form soon. Other than that, when I'm not here, you will be in charge of the military. If you face a tough problem you must settle it carefully."

"Yes, sire doesn't need to worry!" General Shi said loudly.

After settling military matters, Ouyang Shuo kept the 4 directors and said, "When I'm not here, I put Fan Zhongyang in charge of the civil servants. When there is a tough problem, the four directors can discuss and solve it."

"Yes!"

"On the side of the Finance Department, as the expenses increase, we must ensure that the funds are used properly. I hope that this period of time, the department can come up with a preliminary idea to discuss with me when I return." Ouyang Shuo said to Yingyu.

Yingyu nodded and said, "Don’t worry, big brother. Secretary Xu had discussed with me about this problem before. Since Brother had brought this up, it has reached an important time. We will give you our views when you return."

"That's good." Ouyang Shuo looked at Tian Wenjing and said, "On the side of the Material Reserves Department with director Tian, I don't have much worries. only that the negotiations with the mountain barbarians must not stop. Towards those who have signs of wanting to cooperate, we can provide them with some grain to make them trust us."

"Sire don't worry!"

Ouyang Shuo nodded and turned to Zhu Hongliang, "As for the Military Affairs Department, apart from the stables, there are two more things. One is that the intelligence reporting of the raiders must not stop and must increase instead. Second would be the Armoury Division and the Bow and Crossbow Division must continue to train talented people. The future of the military industry is huge and we need many of these talents."

"Understood!"

Ouyang Shuo turned to look at Fan Zhongyan and said, "Sorry to trouble you for this period of time."

"Sire don't worry, I won't let you down!"

"With that, I have nothing to worry about."

……

Hearing that Ouyang Shuo was going to go on holiday, Xiaoyue nagged that she wanted to tag along, hence Ouyang Shuo could only give up.

As for where to visit, the 3 of them had their differences. Xiaoyue wanted to go to Yunnan Lijiang and tour the scenery. Bing'er wanted to go to Shang Hai and see her little aunt. Ouyang Shuo saw through her instantly and knew that she wanted to go there for Disneyland.

As for himself, Ouyang Shuo wanted to go to Taishan. It was the symbol of the Chinese race and was a cultural paradise. Hence, before leaving the earth, he naturally wanted to visit. This place was the first choice for this goodbye trip from the earth.

Luckily modern society was advanced and transportation wasn't something that could be compared to 200 years ago. These short distance trips, the best way wasn't airplanes but trains. Sitting on the trains, one could get good views and also travel at high speeds at the same time.

As they had enough time, a full 5 days of it, in the end Ouyang Shuo decided to go from State of JiapShang HaiTaishanLijiangState of Jiao, a fast trip around the country.

Ever since he told everything to little aunt, the two of them contacted occasionally and it became more warm. Hearing that they were coming, little aunt took 2 days off to bring them around. Definitely, the main part of the trip was Disneyland and they fulfilled Bing'er's childhood dream.

After leaving Shang Hai, Ouyang Shuo and the two of them rode the skytrain and went straight to Taishan.

Taishan had amazing views and was very majestic. The mountains were closely grouped and the changes in clouds and the sky gave in a beautiful splendor. The natural Taishan represented natural wonders and it also represented cultural sanctity.

Feeling the beauty of Taishan, Ouyang Shuo felt as if his soul had been cleansed.

To see the sunrise, Ouyang Shuo brought both beauties to stay in the high class hotel at the top of the mountain. In the morning, he brought them to see the sunrise. Being woken up so early in the morning, the little brat was unwilling and looked really lost, an exceptionally cute sight.

In the foggy morning and standing on the peak of Taishan, there appeared a rainbow ring, capturing the entire image of the body of the person, it was an amazing sight.

Seeing such a beautiful scene, Ouyang Shuo purposely went off route to visit Kong Zi's hometown Qufu. Out of the 3 emperors and 5 rulers, 4 had left their marks on Qufu. This was also the old capital and the hometown of Kong Zi, being termed as Dongfang sacred city.

Leaving Qufu, they visited their last stop, Yunnan Lijiang. Feeling the sights and sounds of Lijiang, it was incomparable to the wilderness in the game.



* * *





Chapter 112




Chapter 112: TWO Chapter 112 – Procuratorate Division

Chapter 112 – Procuratorate Division

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

Gaia first year 5th of May

Ouyang Shuo went online again.

After a trip out, Ouyang Shuo felt that he was refreshed. Ever since he was reborn, he had been focused and tensed up. Finally he was able to relax.

After going online, Ouyang Shuo first learned the Yang Family Spear technique that he had bought.

"System Notification: Congratulations player Ouyang Shuo for obtaining emperor-rank cultivation method Yang Spearmanship Manual, will you learn it?"

"Learn!"

With a brushing sound, the secret manual in his hand turned into a white light and shot straight into his temple. In an instant, all of the information regarding the Yang Spearmanship Manual and its cultivation method surged into his mind.

As a secret manual that was of a higher level than the Bajiquan, the difficulty was much higher. This added with having no one to teach him, wanting to grasp the technique needed a period of practice.

Ouyang Shuo raised the exquisite iron spear in his hand, followed the manual, and trained. Unexpectedly, he looked rusty and unconfident. It seemed like when he had the time he should look for General Shi and Lin Yi, who were both spear masters, for advice. In the last life, he’d used the halberd as a weapon, thus the experience that he could draw on was too little.

Ouyang Shuo's appearance alerted Yingyu and Qing'er, who were in the backyard.

"Big Brother, you are finally back." Qing'er stood on the walkway and said with surprise.

At that moment, Ouyang Shuo was practicing spearmanship and didn't have energy to bother with her. After following the method and training, he finally stopped and laughed. "Yes, the time that I wasn’t here, were you well-behaved?"

"He, big brother looks down on me, how am I naughty? If you don't believe me ask Sister Yingyu." Qing'er was annoyed and pouted.

Yingyu stood on the side and laughed. "Big brother, when you left, the whole Lord's Manor felt cold. Everyone said that it was because it lacked your spirit."

"Yes, there wasn’t anyone to tease me." Qing'er agreed.

Ouyang Shuo shook his head and said, "You two brats, stop trying to make me feel happy. How is everything? Is the territory going well?" The last sentence was asking Yingyu.

"Yes, everything is following what big brother had planned before he left."

Ouyang Shuo knew that the backyard wasn't a place to talk about work, and he had just casually asked just now. He told his 2 sisters to go do their things, and he continued practicing the Yang family spear technique.

At 10 AM in the morning, Ouyang Shuo showed up on-time to his office.

Knowing that the lord had come back, the various directors rushed back to report to work. Helplessly, Ouyang Shuo invited everyone to the meeting room for a meeting.

Ouyang Shuo sat in the lord's seat and looked around, smiling. "In the past 5 days, all of you have been busy. What does each division have to report? Let's start from the Administration Department."

The Agriculture Division secretary Sun Yannong was first to rise and said, "Sire, the Agriculture Division has something to report."

"Please speak!"

"After 3 months of breeding, the 100 wild cows and 80 wild pigs, apart from the 10 cows and 5 pigs that died, grew

up healthily. As for the arrangement of these wild pigs and cows, we need sire's orders."

"What are the views of the Agriculture Division?" Ouyang Shuo did not reply directly.

Sun Yannong had already planned it out and said, "Our view is that the wild pigs and wild cows are to be dealt with separately. For the wild pigs, the sows will be left behind. As for the males, leaving behind 2 and killing the rest. As for the wild cows, we will keep everything and increase the scale of breeding."

Ouyang Shuo nodded his head and said," I agree with your view. As for the way of dealing with the wild cows, I feel that we can be more flexible. These wild cows are good field cows and should be placed under the control of Qiushui Town. Secretary Sun, I think you need to communicate with Qiushui Town. The wild cows can be used for farming, but the calves that they give birth to must be allocated properly."

"Understood, sire has really thought it through. I really admired you." Sun Yannong backed down respectfully.

After he backed down, the secretary of Household Registration, Du Quan, stood up and said loudly, "Sire, I have something to report!"

Ouyang Shuo smiled. "I guess secretary Du has something good to report?"

She nodded and said, "I won't hide from sire, it is good news. Out of the new population, there appeared a supremely talented individual, and his name is Song Yin. He had worked as a procurator."

"Procurator?" Ouyang Shuo was baffled.

"I think it's better for me to explain to sire." Seeing Ouyang Shuo's confusion, Fan Zhongyan, who was from the Song Dynasty, stood up and said, "During the Song Dynasty, the procurator was the one to deal out punishment and monitor the various county personnel. The procurator would visit each county and deal out punishments to county officials that delayed cases, caused the inability to catch criminals on time, or corruption. The procurator was also in charge of hard cases and wronged people, as well as accepting appeals. Hence to become the procurator, not only must they be well-versed in politics, but in accordance with the law when dealing with cases."

Hearing his explanation, Ouyang Shuo realised that this guy was amazing. In modern society, he would be a combination of the Attorney General, Director of Public Security, Provincial High Court President, and the Provincial Army Division Commander, all in one. And he also had to deal straight with the authorities. There was no one he could rely on or complain to.

After understanding the job, Ouyang Shuo was instantly interested in Song Yin. He laughed and said, "Since he's so amazing, why don’t you invite him here for me to see him?"

"Yes!" Duquan turned around and walked out of the meeting hall. In less than 5 minutes, he brought a middle-aged man and walked into the room. He was 30 odd years old and wore a cotton robe. His body was well-toned and his eyebrows were distinct, looking more like a military general than a scholar.

"Song Yin meets sire!" Song Yin bowed and greeted him.

"Mr. Song, please rise!" Ouyang Shuo said and nodded, taking the chance to look at his stats.

Name: Song Yin (Gold)

Identity: Shanhai Town resident

Occupation: Civil Servant (juren)

Loyalty: 75

Command: 20

Force: 25

Intelligence: 55

Politics: 65

Speciality: Incorruptible (Raise dignity by 15%), Solve Grievances (Raise case solving efficiency by 15%)

Evaluation: Originally a procurator and has vast amounts of experience. Familiar with law and solving cases. Unbreakable and incorruptible, Strong morals and determined person.

He was a rare genius, making Ouyang Shuo nod his head in delight. "Since you were a judicial commissioner, why don’t I set up a Procuratorate Division and put you in charge of law and punishment while you become the secretary?"

Ouyang Shuo followed the situation in Shanhai Town and made a restriction on the job scope of the Procuratorate Division. He did not follow the procurator from the Song Dynasty, only keeping two roles of keeping the law and dishing out punishment, similar to the court and jail combined.

Song Yin bowed once again and said, "Thank you sire for your trust. I won't let you down." As a trained procurator, he could obviously understand the deep meaning in his words.

After the small distraction, the various divisions continued to report.

The construction director Zhao Dewang had successfully replaced Zhao Youfang, standing up and saying, "Sire, the Construction Division has something to report!"

"Please speak!"

"The Jifeng Valley army stable has been built. Please plan the next mission of the Division for us!"

Ouyang Shuo nodded, and he was pleased with the efficiency of the Construction Division. "The next goal would be to upgrade to grade 1 city. Hence, the goal is to make the overall plan of the city, including the preparation work of the second city wall."

"Understood!" Zhao Dewang said and nodded.

After the Construction secretary finished his report, the Administration Department had finished their reports.

Ouyang Shuo turned to Tian Wenjing and asked, "Does the Material Reserves Department have anything to report?"

Tian Wenjing nodded and looked towards the Transportation secretary Zheng Shanpao, signalling him to stand up and report.

He immediately got up and said, "Sire, the Transportation Division wishes to report two things."

"Please tell!"

"The first has to do with the JIfeng Valley horse stable. Secretary Zhao had said that the basic facilities have already been built. The Transportation Division has already been training breeders and gathering grain and food. We could say that the preparation work is basically done, only lacking stallions."

Ouyang Shuo nodded and did not react, asking him to say the second thing.

"The second thing has to do with mainland transportation. Ever since we had the wooden horse cart, it solved the long distance transportation problem of resources. However, as the population increased, we did not have any carriage-like transportation devices. Hence we need sire to arrange that." Zheng Shanpao said.

Ouyang Shuo realized that he had neglected it. He’d focused solely on transporting goods and forgot about carriages to transport people. The grade 2 town basic building relay was, until now, still an unused building.

"Secretary Zheng has reminded me well. This is my mistake. How about this? The Transportation Division can choose a place to build a carriage workshop to build handmade carriages. As for the carriage-making manual, I'll get it from the market." Ouyang Shuo said.

"Yes!" Zheng Shanpao said excitedly.



* * *





Chapter 113




Chapter 113: TWO Chapter 113 - Auditing Division

Chapter 113 - Auditing Division



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Levs

After Zheng Shanpao sat down, Tian Wenjing stood up and said, "Sire, the negotiations with the other mountain barbarian tribes have new developments."

Ouyang Shuo was startled awake and he said, "Please say!"

"The two medium sized tribes and the six small sized tribes were scared by the show of strength by the Shanhai Town army at Jifeng Valley. In the negotiations, after realizing that Xuanniao tribe and the other 3 small scale tribes have started working with us and solved their food problems, they decided to put down their fear and start working with us." Tian Wenjing said.

"Good. As for the specific arrangements, has it been settled?"

Tian Wenjing nodded, "That's right. We have already discussed most of the content and only need sire to come back and take a look!"

"Please say!"

"Firstly it has to do with the soldiers. The mountain barbarian tribes are willing to copy Xuanniao tribe and send their elite warriors to Shanhai Town army in exchange for payment. 100 from the small sized tribes and 200 from the medium sized tribes, adding up to 1 thousand people, a full two units." Tian Wenjing said.

Ouyang Shuo shook his head, "2 months ago our cooperation with Xuanniao tribe was done so because of the circumstances. We didn't have enough trust in one another and thus used the method of exchanging soldiers for benefits and payments. This method has obvious negatives.

"In Shanhai army, even though they are all soldiers, the barbarian tribe warriors' benefits won't be given to them and instead to their tribe, causing them to feel psychologically down and it won't be beneficial to developing a sense of belonging to Shanhai Town. It would be easy to cause them to have mixed feelings towards the town which will make them not fight for the town and instead be fighting for the benefits and payments. The lack of honor and spirit will be a huge blow to our fighting strength. If the war goes well it will be okay, but if we face problems then why would they fight to the death?"

The military affairs director nodded his head in agreement, "Sire's meaning is that some negative seeds has appeared in the military and the barbarians and Shanhai Town born soldiers are split into two circles."

Tian Wenjing was a civil servant and didn't understand military affairs well, asking unconfidently, "Then how should we deal with that?"

Ouyang Shuo smiled slightly, "The situation now is different. As we have the upper hand and are the stronger force, we have to use it and be more forceful. I feel that both the warriors that we choose and their families must move over to Shanhai Town and be a member of our town. Only then will they have the heart to commit to our town and protect it with their all. As compensation, we will give their tribe a one time payment of one gold. We will also give them a batch of food, a medium sized tribe will get 100 thousand units and the small sized tribe will get 50 thousand units."

"Sire's offer is too good, they have no reason to reject." Tian Wenjing said excitedly.

"As for the specific negotiation details, I'll have to trouble you. Additionally, the 700 mountain barbarians soldiers that have joined our town will follow the above plan." Ouyang Shuo added.

"Understood!"

Ouyang Shuo nodded and said, "Tian Wenjing, please continue!"

"As the Langshan mining field are already at max capacity, it's hard to add in more people. Doctor Song had reminded us that the mountains are filled with herbs and medicine, hence

I want to deal with the tribes for them to be in charge of collecting the herbs and we will buy them at market price, or use food to trade." Tian Wenjing was obviously not pleased with this part of the negotiation.

Ouyang Shuo frowned, this was not what he had wanted and asked, "Did you ask the tribes if they were willing to come down and migrate to Shanhai Town?"

Tian Wenjing shook his head and said bitterly, "I tried to suggest it many times but it didn't turn out well. They have a strong sense of belonging to their home especially the older generation. They would rather die in the mountains than leave the tribe and migrate to our town. These tribes also have ancestral temples and that's their belief and embodiment of their faith, they would never give it up."

"Migrating to Shanhai town doesn't mean that they will live together with us. We can build a place for them to live where they can rule themselves. As for the temple, we can adapt. Shanhai Town accepts all faith and religion and respect other's choices. We can build a temple for them and it will definitely be grander and more majestic than their current one." Ouyang Shuo was unwilling to give up.

Tian Wenjing was amazed, "Sire has thought about everything. I will negotiate with the mountain barbarian tribes based on sire's conditions."

"En, you can focus your energy to make sure one tribe agrees. Best if you choose one that's having the hardest time surviving. As long as one agrees, the rest will follow. When they see the change in living conditions, even if some disagree, they won't be able to stop the majority."

"Understood!"

"As for the herb cooperation mentioned by Fang Zhongyan, there is certainly a need. Although the territory has a medicine garden, but it's still in its infancy, many herbs can't be grown there and can only be found deep in the mountains. In this aspect, the mountain barbarians are the experts. As the territory expands, the need for herbs and medicine will increase, early planning is most important." Ouyang Shuo didn't want Fan Wenjing to be too affected and validated his negotiation results.

"Yes!"

"As for manpower services, it is best if we bring them out of the mountains, this is also our final goal. However, in this process, why don’t we motivate and attract the youths to be courageous and take a step out. Regardless of construction or workshops, they can find a job that pays well and let them feed their family. The youths have more drive and are more adaptive, at the same time they can slowly change the views of the mountain barbarian tribe."

Ouyang Shuo's view not only shocked Tian Wenjing, even Fan Zhongyan and Cui Yingyu were amazed. This type of labor movement method which only came about 200 years ago was something which was never thought of in the minds of the olden people.

"Sire is a genius, we respect you!"

Ouyang Shuo waved his hand and laughed.

After the Material Reserves Department did their report, Cui Yingyu stood up.

"Big brother, the Finance Department’s monetary control problem that you raised before you left, the department has a solution." Yingyu said.

"Please say!"

"The Finance Department feels that we need to set up an Auditing Division. Its role is to be in charge of calculating the territory income's legality, efficiency and reality, raising the efficiency of money use, stimulating growth and ensuring that the economy of the territory grows healthily." Cui Yingyu continued.

Ouyang Shuo frowned and said, "I agree with the new division. But the role of the division is financial revenue and expenditure. Putting it under the finance department, wouldn't it mean you are monitoring yourself?"

"Then big brother's meaning is?"

"The Auditing Division must work independently to maintain its sanctity and integrity.”

Yingyu nodded her head and said, "Understood!"

"As for its secretary, does the Finance Department have a suitable choice?"

"Our original choice for secretary was Taishen from the business division. He passed the imperial exams and just joined the Business Division. Based on secretary Xu's comments, he is an orthodox person who is very careful." She said.

"Since it's like this, bring him here for me to take a look."

Yingyu signalled to the Taxation Division secretary Qian Lifei. He understood and left the meeting hall and not long after he brought a middle aged scholar into the hall. He had an average body and he looked a bit thin, his face also having some retractions.

“Taishen greets sire." He bowed and said.

"Please rise!" Ouyang Shuo checked his stats.



Name: Taishen (Silver)

Identity: Shanhai Town Business Division Basic Level Worker

Occupation: Civil Servant (juren)

Loyalty: 80

Command: 20

Force: 10

Intelligence: 48

Politics: 55

Speciality: Incorruptible (raise dignity by 15%)

Evaluation: Originally from a home office, good at taxes, morally upright and very careful.

"Taishan, under the recommendation of Yingyu, I’ll appoint you as the secretary of the Auditing Division. I hope you can lead it well and audit properly." Ouyang Shuo said solemnly.

"Thank you sire for your faith, I won't let you down." Taishen also solemnly said.

"System notification: congratulations player Qiyue Wuyi, Taishen has been utilized, loyalty raised by 5!"

After dealing with the Auditing Division, it was already 11:30 in the afternoon and Ouyang Shuo announced the end of the meeting. As for the Military Affairs Department, he was prepared to have a military affairs meeting later on.



* * *





Chapter 114




Chapter 114: TWO Chapter 114 – Inspection

Chapter 114 – Inspection

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

At 2 PM, Ouyang Shuo didn't stay in the Lord's Manor but instead made a trip to Friendship Town under the company of the director and secretary of Military Affairs.

At the Shanhai Town ferry, the helm of the public ferry was still old man Zhang. Definitely, the small wooden raft that Ouyang Shuo had personally built had been retired and it was now using an advanced fishing boat, similar to an umbrella boat.

Sitting on it and looking at the reflecting water surface, Ouyang Shuo felt very blessed. At the start, he’d brought General Shi to Lianzhou Basin and built Shanhai Village. At that time, the village was torn, tattered and had 0 talents.

In less than 5 months, that small village that had nothing had become Shanhai Town, with close to a 30,000 population and spanned 1,000 square kilometres, becoming the unshakable leader in the Chinese server. But in order to grow larger and be a king in the future, one can not afford to stand still or otherwise he would be left out by time, the achievements of the Shanhai Town of today is only tiny and insignificant.

At Friendship harbor, Friendship Town head Zhou Haichen and the cavalry unit major Lin Yi had brought a group of civil servants, and was waiting to welcome Ouyang Shuo. This was the first time he was coming to Friendship Town, and they couldn't be too casual.

When the umbrella boat docked, Zhou Haichen and his group warmly welcomed, "Welcome sire, to Friendship Town."

Ouyang Shuo stepped ashore, and after waving goodbye to Old man Zhang, he turned around and said to Zhang Haichen, "It's just a simple visit. Why did you have to bring so many people?"

Zhou Haichen was stunned, He didn't know that Ouyang Shuo didn't like such atmospheres, he only wanted to make it a warm welcoming.

Ouyang Shuo didn't want to make it too embarrassing for Zhou Haichen, and under the introductions by Lin Yi, he greeted each person one by one.

The organisational structure of Friendship Town was similar to the main town, but also had its differences. Out of the 4 main departments, they did not have the Military Affairs Department. The affiliated territories weren't going to be normal organisations. As such Friendship Town only had the secondary divisions such as the Combat Logistics Division. The other special divisions like the Saltpan Division were things that only the main camp had.

The deployment of civil servants in Friendship Village also obviously couldn't compare with the main camp. However, amongst the basic government workers, they were considered one of the best. If not, they wouldn't have had the chance to be posted here. Ouyang Shuo only hoped that this batch of people could quickly grow.

As for the military, they were all familiar faces. The 5 captains in the unit, including the leader of the town protection squad Hu Yibiao, were all personally assigned by him.

After a simple tour of the Harbour, they returned back to the town. From afar, one could see the tall city walls and the majestic south gate.

Luckily Zhou Haichen knew the limits and didn't arrange for the civilians to welcome him. Walking into the town, Zhou Haichen began to brief and introduce Ouyang Shuo to the situation in Friendship Town.

Friendship Town

had around 2600 people, and was only a week from upgrading to a grade 2 town. Definitely, the cavalry unit that was housed outside the city wasn’t included in the numbers.

To defend against the nomadic tribes, the agriculture businesses were mostly facing south and next to the Qiushui and Friendship rivers. Other important industries that had to be built outside the city like the brick kiln and pottery factory were built in the west and east, under the protection of the city protection river.

As it was situated in a plains region, Friendship Town lacked wood and stones. It basically relied on the main town and Qiushui Town for such resources. The coordinator naturally was the Material Reserves Department.

Of course, Friendship Town wasn't without its strengths. Even without saying anything about the animal husbandry industry or the agriculture industry, it had its own strategic strengths.

The south side was where the Friendship and Qiushui rivers met, hence the water resources were plentiful, the ground fertile, and the farmlands that were reclaimed were much better than Shanhai Town’s. This region had already reclaimed 20,000 acres of fertile land.

All of which grew richly. The future Friendship Town would be the grain production base, only 2nd to Qiushui Town.

At the same time, to form Friendship Town's unique advantage and not be beaten by Beihai Town and Qiushui Town, Zhou Haichen thought hard and decided to expand and develop the forging and textile industries. These industries would be used in trading with the nomadic tribes and thus early preparation was needed. From this, one could see Zhou Haichen's deep thoughts and careful planning.

One could say that whether or not that could convince the nomadic tribes would in turn affect the status of Friendship Town. If they opened trade routes, then Friendship Town would become a trade city. If they couldn't, then Friendship Town would just become a military fortress.

Hence, towards Ouyang Shuo's visit, Zhou Haichen was holding high hopes.

Ever since the city protection river project, Zhou Haichen had sent men to get in touch with the nomadic tribes and had some progress. However, what strategies to take against them was something the lord himself had to decide.

Unfortunately, Zhou Haichen didn't know that the real reason of Ouyang Shuo's visit was the Qingfu horse in the plains. It has been two months since the Armory Division was formed. The first set of 50 Mingguang armors had already been completed. However, as they did not have suitable war horses, they couldn't equip the cavalry unit with it.

In the meeting hall of Friendship Town, Ouyang Shuo had only invited the various generals for a military affairs meeting.

"Director Ge, please tell me about the progress with the green horse." Ouyang Shuo asked.

The trip to Friendship Town was originally arranged by Ge Hongliang. With his personality, if there wasn’t any progress he wouldn't have invited Ouyang Shuo here.

Ge Hongliang nodded. "Sire, the Military Intelligence Division has obtained important intel. 5 days ago, the nomadic tribe to the west of the town got about 100 Qingfu horse stallions and were ready to expand their breeding scale.

Ouyang Shuo calmed himself down and said calmly, "Your meaning is?"

"My meaning is simple. We can't miss this opportunity. Why don’t we wipe out this small tribe? If we can, put the blame on the medium-sized tribe east of the town, further worsening the relationship between them and Tian Qi tribe." Zhu Hongliang said calmly, not nothing that his plan would definitely cause a bloodbath.

"How many people does that small tribe have, and how many warriors?" Ouyang Shuo asked carefully.

This intelligence was obviously answered by the Military Intelligence Division. As the one in charge of collecting intel on the nomadic tribes, the Military Intelligence team 2 leader Leixun stood up. "Sire, we have found out that their tribe covers less than 500 square kilometres and only has 800 people, including 300 soldiers."

Ouyang Shuo turned to Lin Yi and asked, "Do you have confidence?"

Lin Yi naturally knew what Ouyang Shuo was referring to. "To exterminate their main force is not hard. The hard part is how to not leave any survivors. These nomads all know how to ride horses and can easily slip away."

For the Qingfu horses, Ouyang Shuo was ready to slaughter.

"What is the view of the Military Affairs Department?" Ouyang Shuo looked to Ge Hongliang.

He was already prepared and said, "To do it cleanly, a sneak attack is best. Additionally, to prevent people from escaping, apart from attacking, we also need to lie and wait to kill the people that try to escape."

Ouyang Shuo nodded. "This is a good plan. However, fighting 300 nomadic cavalry is already pushing our forces. How will we have extra strength to box them in?"

"Sire is correct, with the only unit here it's hard to complete the mission. The only way is to expand the number of militants." Zhu Hongliang said.

Ouyang Shuo had a bit of a headache. "Without upgrading to a grade 1 city, it’s not suitable to expand our army. Don't forget that the mountain barbarian tribes have 1000 elite warriors for us to accept."

Ge Hongliang seemed like he had an idea and said confidently, "Sire, we have a military reorganisation plan, please take a look!"

"Speak!"

"My idea is like this: These 1000 barbarians, our main camp will take 500 and make a second heavy armoured infantry unit. For the remaining 500, 300 will go to Qiushui Town, adding the 2 protection squadrons to form the Qiushui Town protection unit. The last 200 will be sent here and get another 100 soldiers to form the Friendship Village protection unit. This assault, we can use one of Qiushui town's cavalry squadrons and 2 of the main camp's to join in."

Ouyang Shuo was delighted. If it was like this, apart from the cavalry unit and the infantry unit, it basically didn't exceed the 10% military to population number that he had set.

"Good, let's do it like that. Everyone prepare quickly." Ouyang Shuo announced a change in personnel. "Military Affairs Department, spread my orders. Zhang Daniu will be the major of the Qiushui Town protection unit, Hu Yibiao will be the major of the Friendship Town protection unit, and Shihu will be the major of the second infantry unit."

"Yes!" Ge Hongliang exclaimed.

Zhang Daniu, the sergeant who was competing with Zhao Sihu had finally became a major, climbing to the same spot as Zhao Sihu. Hu Yibiao was very fortunate, only being sent here for 1 month and already becoming a major, promoted faster than his seniors.

As for the second infantry unit, the reason why Ouyang Shuo had promoted the second squadron captain Shihu and not the first squadron captain, he obviously had his own considerations.

One was that Shihu's promotion would help to increase the sense of belonging of the mountain barbarians and show them that Shanhai Town would use anyone that is capable. Secondly was that Ouyang Shuo had another plan for Wang Feng.



* * *





Chapter 115




Chapter 115: TWO Chapter 115 - Mingguang Armor

Chapter 115 - Mingguang Armor

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

After reorganising the military, the meeting held in Friendship Town came to an end.

After the meeting, Ouyang Shuo did not return back to Shanhai Town, but instead officially began his tour around Friendship Town under the company of Zhou Haichen.

Walking around the big streets of Friendship Town, Ouyang Shuo started to calculate the costs of expanding the military. Up first was the one-time payment to the mountain barbarians. The 3 batches of warriors cost 1700 gold, adding the one-time off care package of 500 thousand units of food, which was 500 gold and the class change cost of 500 gold for 1000 infantrymen and 150 gold for 100 cavalrymen, the total costs ran up to 2850 gold. The 3000 gold that he had left was nearly used up.

The next day, Ouyang Shuo went to the office of the town head to obtain the report from Zhou Haichen about cooperation with the nomadic tribes.

Zhou Haichen invited Ouyang Shuo to the lord’s seat while he sat at a lower seat and said, "Sire, the medium-sized tribe to the north of Friendship Town is known as the Tian Feng tribe. It has 3500 people and 1500 square miles of pasture, even bigger than our territory. Tian Feng tribe's leader is called Dariachi, 35 years old, a descendent of the mongols. The name Dariachi in Mongolian means to crush and suppress, so one can see his ambition and goal."

He continued. "After completing the city protection river protect, we sent out the Administration Director of Friendship Town as an ambassador to bring gifts to see Dariachi. Although he was shocked by the visit, his actions weren’t anything out of the ordinary. After accepting the gifts, he treated us very warmly. What was baffling was when the ambassador was about to return, a squad of Tian Feng tribe cavalry tried to attack. Only after they saw the river and the high city walls were they shocked and retreated."

"Interestingly after that squad of cavalry left, the Tian Feng tribe sent over a messenger who said that he want to trade with us. As it was so sudden, I didn't have a clue what Dariachi was up to. I wanted to report to you but the lord's mansion said that you had something to do and thus went into seclusion. Hence I used a delay tactic. Now that you are back, I need your advice on what to do."

Ouyang Shuo frowned. "From your description, this Dariachi is a two-faced character. The way I see it, it's best not to reveal the existence of the main camp. How about this, you will be in charge of trading with them. We only want Qingfu horses, and as for what to trade for them, regardless of grain, salt, iron ore, tea, or even three flower wine, we can trade it with them. As long as we can get the Qingfu horses, giving them some benefits is acceptable."

Zhou Haichen was surprised and said emotionally, "Understood! Sire, don't worry!"

"Additionally, the trading location must be carefully chosen. You can build a trading post beside the city protection river. For the first trade it's best if it's within this week." Ouyang Shuo ordered. As for why one week, it was naturally to coordinate with the military and prepare for military action.

"Yes!"

Ouyang Shuo nodded his head and said, "Haichen, seems like choosing you to come to Friendship Town was the right decision. After these two days I found that the town was orderly built. Even when facing the threat of the nomadic tribes, the people were still peaceful. To think of trading under these circumstances is incredible!"

Receiving such a high evaluation, Zhou Haichen was emotional and said, "All I have today is all because of your help and the chances you’ve given me. I don'

t dare to waste this opportunity, and will continue to work hard to repay sire!"

"Seeing this, I'm delighted!" Ouyang Shuo replied.

……

On the 8th of May, Friendship Town did its first trade with Tian Feng tribe.

Based on the price set by the Tian Feng tribe, a good quality Qingfu horse was worth 5 gold. In goods, that would be either 5000 units of grain, or 2500 units of salt, or 1000 units of iron ore or 500 units of three flower wine. Hence, the trading power of the Qingfu horse was terrifying.

As it was the first trade, both parties were very careful. Tian Feng tribe was willing to trade 100 good quality Qingfu horses for 100 thousand units of grain, 2500 units of salt, 60000 units of iron ore and 10000 units of three flower wine, which was the same as asking for an additional batch of salt.

Zhou Haichen remembered Ouyang Shuo's orders in his heart which was to rather take a loss and get the Qingfu horses. Hence this trade could be considered a merry affair. Friendship Town managed to get 100 green horses, and with just 100 horses, Tianfeng tribe managed to get an unimaginable amount of resources.

To express their thanks, the Tian Feng tribe gave an additional 3 elite green horses, their stats higher than the good quality ones by 40%.

Name: Good Quality Qingfu Horse (Drak-gold)

Max Capacity: 120 kilograms

Speed: 60 kilometers/day

Consumption: 4 units of food/day

Evaluation: the Qingfu horse was the offspring of the ancient green beetle god and a wild horse.

Hence it inherited the god intent of the green beetle, and the speed like the wind, so it is thus a war horse of the highest quality.

Undoubtedly the highest quality war horse, its max capacity was twice that of a normal war horse, and it was even faster. Only this kind of war horse could handle the Mingguang armor.

Name: Elite Qinfu Horse (Platinum)

Capacity: 168 kilograms

Speed: 84 kilometers/day

Consumption: 5 units of food/day

Evaluation: An elite of the Qingfu horse, highly suitable for being a general's horse.

These 100 Qingfu horses, Ouyang Shuo sent to he 1st squadron of the cavalry unit. As for the 3 elite Qingfu horses, he kept one for himself and gave one each to Lin Yi and the first squadron captain Li Mingliang.

With the Qingfu horses, the Mingguang armor made by the Armory Division could finally be used. The Mingguang armor followed a complicated crafting process, and it was separated into soldier Mingguang armor, sergeant Mingguang armor, general Mingguang armor, and commander Mingguang armor. The highest level, which the Armory Division, could craft was the general Mingguang armor.

Name: Soldier Mingguang armor (Gold)

Type: Heavy Armor

Weight: 36 kilograms

Defence: 55

Toughness: 50

Evaluation: At each of the front and back of the armor, there is oval metal piece known as the round guard. Under the light, it will glisten, giving the Mingguang armor its name.

……

Name: Sergeant Mingguang armor (Drak-gold)

Type: Heavy armor

Weight: 40 kilograms

Defence: 70

Toughness: 55

Evaluation: Compared to the soldier Mingguang armor, the sergeant Mingguang armor's crafting process is slightly more complicated.

……

Name: General Mingguang armor (Platinum)

Type: Heavy armor

Weight: 45 kilograms

Defence: 85

Toughness: 60

Evaluation: Compared to the sergeant Mingguang armor, the general Mingguang armor's crafting process is slightly more complicated and more expensive.

Till date, the Armory Division only made one set of general Mingguang armor, and it was naturally made for Ouyang Shuo. The Armory Division secretary Wang Tao had worked together with master tailor Mu Qingsi, and after 1 month and 5 failures, only then they had successfully completed it. This success was partly luck and was secondly because of the added effect of Qing'er's skill. If not, there would have had no chance of success.

Wang Tao had made use of this encounter to become a master blacksmith. As for the highest grade, commander Mingguang armor, Ouyang Shuo guessed that it would need both of them to reach the grandmaster level to have the possibility of success.

With this set of Mingguang armor, Ouyang Shuo's leather armor wasn’t of any use, and he gave it to Zhao Sihu. Ouyang Shuo checked out his stats.

【Name】: Qiyue Wuyi

【Title】: Patriot ( increases NPCs’ relationship by 25%)

【Territory】: Shanhai Town

【Occupation】: General (part time)

【Level】: 45

【Merit】: 15400 / 25600

【Rank】: 2nd class Earl

【Prestige】: 12850/100000

【Body Structure】: 18

【Comprehension】: 21

【Luck】: 5

【Charm】: 8

【Command】: 59 + 10

【Force】: 22+5

【Intelligence】: 14

【Political】: 51

【Talent】: Locked

【Technique】: Ba Ji Fist Art (stepped through the door), Yang family spear technique (caught a glimpse of the door)

【Art of War】: “Liu Tao” (Wu Tao Volume)

【Skills】: Advanced Collection, Basic Shipbuilding, Intermediate Diplomacy, Advanced Scouting, Advanced Weapon Proficiency, Basic Riding, Basic Spearsmanship, Basic archery

【Mount】: Elite Qingfu horse (Platinum)

【Equipment】: Exquisite Composite Bow (Gold), Exquisite Iron Sword (Gold), Exquisite Iron Spear (Gold), General Mingguang armor (Platinum)

【Unique Items】: Talisman of Blood Thirsting, Talisman of Vitality, Talisman of Rapid Marching, substitution doll

During the battles during this period of time, Ouyang Shuo leveled 5 times to level 45. At the same time, his merit and rank had increased.

As for the brutal force, it was a necklace with a thumb-sized wild pig tooth, naturally it was made by the alchemist Magnus. It stats were:

Name: Brutal Force (Silver)

Speciality: Raise combat power by 5

Evaluation: Advanced alchemist Magnus made it with a wild pig tooth.



* * *





Chapter 116




Chapter 116: TWO Chapter 116 - Operation Dawn

Chapter 116 - Operation Dawn

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

On the 9th of May, the military operation codenamed “Dawn” officially kicked off.

After 5 days of preparations, the city defense unit from Qiushui Town and Friendship Town, along with the main base infantry’s 2nd unit are all in position. At the same time, Qiushui Town’s only cavalry squadron and Friendship Town’s 2 cavalry squadrons have joined the cavalry unit and started the joint training.

In order to prevent startling the snake by beating the bush, the joint training location is not located in Friendship Town but on an open field on the west side of Shanhai Town, near the infantry unit camp.

Originally, Lin Yi proposed that before joining the infantry unit for the joint training, they should wipe out one or two bandit camps outside of the border for the purpose of training the forces for actual combat experience, but it was turned down by Ouyang Shuo.

There were several reasons. First of all, the armies that were dispatched now were all cavalries. The main force would be the cavalries if an attack were launched, so there would be not much of a problem in terms of their cooperation. Second, launching any attacks on any factions right now and causing extra casualties would be unnecessary before operation “Dawn”. Ouyang Shuo was not taking it lightly and he didn’t wish to start a war with an exhausted army, as the operation is extremely crucial.

In order not to attract attention from the Tian Feng tribe, this military operation was preparing to cross the Friendship river from Shanhai Town, and march straight into the west of the central area among the small tribes. This was to ensure that victory would be achieved in one killing blow.

At 4 PM, the navy unit garrisoned at Beihai Town travelled upstream with the Meng Chong warship and docked at the Friendship river bank located towards the south of the small tribes.

Meanwhile, the 800 cavalrymen in the operation “Dawn” set up their camping site on the other side of the river.

At 4 AM before daybreak, the entire force started to prepare food.

At 5 AM, the cavalry, along with the war horses, boarded the warships and sailed across the Friendship river. After a short break, in order to maintain their stealth, every cavalryman covered up his mouth. The horses’ mouths were also covered up, and their hooves were wrapped with thick linen to mute the sound of their footsteps. After that, they started marching forward like an army of spectres, in dead silence.

They marched slowly for 5 kilometers and began to split into 4.

The front wing was of course the cavalry unit that was responsible for the main attack. Equipped with the Qingfu warhorse, the first squadron would be the vanguards. The first team in the first squadron, consisting of 50 cavalrymen equipped with Mingguang armor, would run ahead of the entire force under the lead of Li Mingliang. In order to prevent reflection from their armors and thus attracting the attention of the enemies, the armors are all fully covered with linen.

The back wing was Qiushui Town’s cavalry squadron. With their leader, Zhang Daniu, they detoured to the back of the enemies. They were responsible for cutting away the nomadic tribe’s escape path to the north. The north side was the direction towards the Tian Qi tribe, which was the most likely escape path for the enemies. Therefore, the responsibility carried by Zhang Daniu and his cavalry squadron was very heavy.

The right wing of Friendship Town’s 1st cavalry squadron, with their leader, Hu Yibiao, marched towards the east. The east side w

as the direction towards Tian Feng tribe. Although the chances of the deserters fleeing towards the east were quite low, but the wing still carried a great responsibility to prevent the enemies from fleeing towards the east. This was because if not taken seriously, the fleeing soldiers might attract the attention of the Tian Feng tribe, and thus cause unwanted outcomes.

The left wing forces were also from Friendship Town. They were the 2nd cavalry squadron, which was also a newly formed cavalry squadron and they headed towards the west. As they were just newly formed, they were dispatched to the west side as there were no tribes around there, so the responsibility was not so heavy. Their purpose there was one of precaution only.

Other than that, at least 1 military intelligence personnel was arranged to each of the front, back, right and left wing forces. They were there to be guides for the army as these intelligence personnel has acquired all the detailed information, such as the terrain of the area, quite some time before the operation. At the same time, in order to facilitate communication at any time, they also carried one messenger bird each.

At half past 6, all forces had reached their designated location as planned.

This time as well, Ouyang Shuo personally lead the army expedition as usual. He was seen riding an elite Qingfu warhorse, wearing a Mingguang armor specially designed for generals, looking sharp and handsome. Beside him was Lin Yi, riding another elite Qingfu warhorse, wearing a Mingguang armor designed for officers.

“Report!” A messenger from the front shouted.

“Speak!”

“My lord, the vanguard has approached the enemy camp as planned. There is nothing unusual for now. Your orders, my lord?”

“All units, move forward!”

“Yes, my lord!”

Twenty minutes later, the main forces met up with the vanguard.

Li Mingliang rode towards Ouyang Shuo and said, “Everything is according to plan, my lord.”

Ouyang Shuo nodded and then looked far away. These nomadic tribes, other than the large tribes, the medium to small sized tribes generally did not have fixed settlements. It was summer right now, when it was a perfect time for herding. Wherever the sheep herd went, the tribal people would just follow.

Therefore, as a temporary settlement, this nomadic tribe in front of Ouyang Shuo had no city walls like the big cities. They didn’t even build a proper fence, just hundreds of tents set up around each other in a circular shape. These tents had various sizes, from small to big, The deeper it went into the middle, the bigger the tents were. In the center, the biggest tents among them all must have been the tribal chief’s tent.

“Have you found the Qingfu stallions?” asked Ouyang Shuo. This was his most concerning issue for now.

“Yes, my lord. They’re all kept in the stable.” Said Li Mingliang excitedly.

“Is that so? Then launch the attack.” Ouyang Shuo turned around, looked at Lin Yi and said to him coldly.

“Understood!” Lin Yi bent and drew his bow, lit a specially made arrow and shot it towards the enemy camp. The burning arrow travelled across the sky, like a meteor, directly landing on the distant chief tent, and instantly the tent could be seen covered with blazing fire.

Lin Yi’s fire arrow, just like a signal flare, upon seeing the arrow shot by him, the 500 cavalrymen swiftly shot their fire arrows towards the areas that they were asked to fire at according to the plan. In an instant, except for a few tents, all the other tents were lit with fire. The blazing fire skyrocketed high in the sky, and the scorching heat could be felt from afar.

Many of the enemies in the tents just died to the fire while they were still in their dreams. The others who were still alert during their sleep, jumped up from their beds and quickly ran outside. There were even the calm ones who unsheathed their weapons and headed outside of the tents.

Seeing this, Lin Yi put his bow away, picked up his spear, charged towards the enemy camp, and shouted “Cavalry, charge!”

“Kill them all!” Raising their weapons, the cavalries followed Lin Yi, and charged into the enemies. While the cavalries struck down and stampeded through the enemies, Ouyang Shuo, along with a few guards, stood at the same position, observing the entire battlefield calmly.

The cavalries patrolled around the tents and slaughtered enemies running out of the tents. The scene was extremely gory and horrible. Ouyang Shuo rode on his horse and stayed at the same position, because he did not participate in the slaughter. As a man from the modern age, even after going through the 5 years in the previous life, he was still unable to slaughter anyone emotionlessly, especially when the targets were just harmless ordinary people.

They said that power was poisonous. It could corrode any person and change them into a cold person with a heart as hard as steel. It was at this moment when Ouyang Shuo realized how great the differences were between adventurer-type players and lord-type players, realizing how much he had changed in this short period of time.

In order to suppress the provocation of Ji Feng Tribe and build his power around the surrounding tribes, he did not hesitate to send his army to Ji Feng Valley and launch his bloody oppression.

In order to obtain the Qingfu stallion to arm his cavalry regiment, he again did not hesitate to exterminate an entire tribe. Even though this time he did not get involved in the war, his hands were still covered with blood. The blood would stay there forever, unable to be washed away and would live with him for his entire life.

The only thing that was worthy of comforting Ouyang Shuo was that he constantly reminded himself mentally that this was just a game. These people in this massacre he caused were just NPCs. This was the only reason that he could use as an excuse.

That night was a nightmare. The night sky was lit up with the fire that was roaring among the tents, shrilling screams and helpless cries could be heard far away. All of this was a tragedy this night. As the fire kept burning vigorously, Ouyang Shuo’s face became more and more blurred.

However, if viewed from another point of view, as the cavalry saw their lord, Ouyang Shuo, standing at the main entrance looking at them, they felt power rushing through their veins as if his stare was something magical that could grant power to anyone. They knew that their lord was looking at them, looking at his men fighting for him.

Although the tribesmen tried to organize a few counter attack, but under the fierce attack of the vanguards, their resistance was completely futile and they were suppressed cruelly.

After half an hour, some of them started to crumble and started running towards the outside of the camp. Lin Yi then swiftly arranged the 5th squadron to chase them down.

There were also some of them who’d overestimated themselves. While they were running for their lives, they tried to capture Ouyang Shuo in order to threaten him. However, Ouyang Shuo was not the old him anymore. His prowess in combat had increased rapidly under intense training and those tribe warriors who tried to capture him were all killed with no mercy.

An hour later, the massacre had finally came to an end. All of the squadrons except for the 1st squadrons that were responsible in wrapping things up were sent out by Lin Yi to cooperate with the pre-arranged scouting troops to hunt down every escaped soldier.

“My lord, should we disguise the entire battlefield and frame the Tian Feng tribe?” asked Lin Yi.

Ouyang Shuo shook his head and said, “It is not needed. Just burn everything up and don’t leave a single trace or clue here. We’re not familiar with whatever these tribes are doing. Disguising the battlefield may have an opposite effect instead. The most appropriate thing to do is to just do nothing. In this way Tian Qi tribe will start to judge whomever that will gain the most benefits from this slaughter. They will think that whomever that gains from this will most probably be the ones who did it. And with this, they will think that their neighbor, Tian Feng tribe, is the mostly likely one that did this. With their capabilities, I am confident that they wouldn’t figure out that we were the ones who did this. There’s one thing that you have to know. We just completed our trading of the Qingfu warhorse with the Tian Feng tribe, so we do not have the motive for this.”

Lin Yi looked at Ouyang Shuo with admiration and said, “You’re indeed a wise man after all.”

Ouyang Shuo waved his hand and said, “Make it quick before anything happens. Time is gold.”

“Yes, my lord.”

At 10 AM in the morning, all the forces converged once again. This operation could be said to be going according to the plan perfectly. None of the enemies survived, and they went back to their base with the rewards seized in this battle.

The operation “Dawn” seized a total of a 100 young Qingfu stallions, 300 high-class Qingfu warhorses, and 4 elite-class Qingfu warhorses.

In addition, there were also more than a 1000 sheep and 3000 thousand pieces of sheepskins.



* * *





Chapter 117




Chapter 117: TWO Chapter 117 - Suspicion

Chapter 117 - Suspicion

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

When they got to Friendship river, the navy and the Meng Chong warships were already there, awaiting their arrival.

Due to the abundant rewards, the warships had to make a dozen trips back and forth to transfer the rewards across the river. As it was just a simple mission for the navy, the navy commander Pei Donglai did not show up. The navy immediately returned back to Beihai Town as soon as they helped the last cavalry cross the river.

In order to avoid suspicion from the Tian Feng tribe, Ouyang Shuo ordered the cavalry unit to return back to the camp immediately after they crossed the river. The same went for the warhorses seized in the battle. The warhorses couldn’t be dispatched to the cavalry unit now or it would only be sheer self-exposure. Since there was not enough Mingguang armor, riding or not riding the warhorse wasn't really an issue now.

The 100 Qingfu stallions were transferred by the Transportation Division to the horse breeding field in Ji Feng Valley, whereas the 304 Qingfu warhorses and the thousands of sheep were kept in Shanhai Town's pastures on the west side of the town. The pasture, after a few upgrades, now occupied a land area up to 50 square kilometers. This pasture was divided into a few areas for the pigs, sheep, and now the horses. Out of convenience, the pasture was named West City pasture by Ouyang Shuo.

About operation "Dawn", as everything about the operation was executed secretly, it did not causes any chain reactions amongst the people of Shanhai Town. Everything was going on as usual because of this reason.

However, this massacre caused a great uproar amongst the other nomadic tribes.

Shen Juan Lake, Tian Qi tribe Warchief's Tent.

"Khan, the scouts have brought news about the Tian Lian tribe located in the southwest. The tribe was burnt to ashes in one night, and there were no survivors. All of their 800 people were slaughtered." said a muscular and bearded middle-aged man. He is the first member of the 3 generals in the Tian Qi tribe, known as Lion of the Grassland, Lhakhshen.

The Tian Qi tribe had 30,000 tribal people with 12,000 of them being soldiers. Among the 12,000 soldiers, 2000 of them were the elite of the elites and they were the elite guards for the Khan. They were placed under the lead of the 2nd member of the 3 generals in the tribe, and also one of the Khan’s most trusted generals, known as Wolf of the Grassland, Boraktyna.

The rest of the 10,000 soldiers were separated into 2 divisions, which was the eastern division and western division, consisting of 5000 soldiers each. They were responsible for the defense of the eastern and western parts of the tribe. The eastern division was placed under the command of Lhakhshen, whereas the western division was placed under the command of the last member of the 3 generals of the tribe, known as the Black Tiger of the Grassland, Daiqin.

The tribe that was annihilated by Shanhai Town belonged under the jurisdiction of the western division. Therefore, as soon as Lakhshen received the news that Tian Lian Tribe was wiped out, he quickly reported it to his Khan, Mengke, as quickly as he could.

Mengke was a man who was reaching his fifties, and was considered to be a man of the elder age group in the savanna. His previous handsome face was now full of wrinkles, and his thick and curly hair was turning white. All of these things were indicating that this man was really getting old now. Despite all of this, no one had ever dared to be disrespectful to Mengke. This was because it was not only because of his majestic aura, but also the respect deep

in their hearts.

Mengke inherited his father's position of the Khan and took over the scepter and crown passed down to him when he was 14 years old. When he took over his father's position, a strong vassal called Gru took advantage of Mengke's young age and treated him as a puppet. The tyrant used Mengke's name to control the entire tribe.

Mengke did not show a sign of dissatisfaction, and he pretended that he knew nothing about any of this. Not only that, he also pretended that he was very fond of Gru at that time. However, without the knowledge of Gru, he secretly accumulated his own forces and cultivated his own generals. After two years, when Mengke felt like the time had come, he assassinated Gru with a killing blow when Gru was drunk and sleeping in his tent. After killing him, Mengke boldly commanded his generals and cleansed the entire tribe with the blood of Gru's faction, thus allowing himself to regain control of the tribe again.

For the next 30 plus years, Mengke's rule became more and more experienced and bloody. During his time, Mengke was called the "bloody butcher" and more than 5 tribes were exterminated. Up to now, the other smaller tribes were still living under his shadow. Mengke's name was so feared amongst the tribes that they dared not to even voice the tiniest dissatisfaction about Mengke at all.

Although the other tribes all feared him and spoke of Mengke in insulting and derogatory ways, to the Tian Qi tribe, Mengke was their supreme leader, their god, and they could even die for him.

When Mengke first took over the position of Khan, the tribe was only a medium-sized tribe and had only 4 to 5 thousand people. Under his rule, the tribe got bigger and stronger. Despite the barricades of their strong rivals, Tian Qi tribe managed to defeat them all and finally became the strongest tribe in the savanna. They were so strong that all of the other tribes respected him as the savanna's Khan.

With that said, the throne of this old Khan that looked like he was going to die was actually made with the blood of his enemies. Lakhshen was still a newborn child when Mengke inherited the position of Khan. He grew up hearing all sorts of stories about Mengke. Therefore, even after Lakhshen became a strong man like he was now, this lion of the savanna, he dared not show even the slightest disrespect at all.

At this moment, the old Khan sat up straight on his throne, showing no sign of burnout. After hearing Lakhshen's report, he opened his turbid eyes slightly and said hoarsely, "Tian Lian tribe? If I recall correctly, they just bought 100 Qingfu stallions from us not long ago?"

Suddenly, Lakhshen was struck with a thought about the incident and said, "Yes, my Khan, do you mean that the Tian Lian Tribe was eliminated because of these stallions? Someone grew greedy of these stallions, so they wiped out Tian Lian tribe for the stallions?"

" *Cough cough* Lakhshen, when looking at a problem, you must look at the cause of the problem in order to solve it. Tian Lian tribe is one of the smallest tribes in the savanna. They have neither precious treasures nor do they possess an area rich of lush green in the savanna. If that's the case, what else is worthy of being coveted?" Mengke coughed and said.

"My Khan, you are indeed the wisest man in our tribe." Lakhshen said respectfully.

"Are there any clues or traces of the remains of Tian Lian tribe?" asked Mengke.

Lakhshen shook his head and said, "There's nothing but ashes left. The Qingfu stallions they bought from us, and their own horses and sheep are all gone. Judging from the heat of the remains of the tribe, the attack occurred at around 7 AM this morning. The enemies were all cavalry, as there wasn't any other footsteps but only the horses' footsteps. Besides, this was probably a planned attack. Most of the body remains of the tribe people were found in the burned tents. This means that most of them were killed in the fire during their sleep."

Lakhshen was obviously an experienced warrior. Just by taking a look at the remains, he could still figure out what happened. This man was obviously not as foolhardy as he looked. Fortunately, Ouyang Shuo did not try to disguise the battlefield, otherwise the flaws would have been noticed by Lakhshen by now.

"Any survivors?" Mengke did not say anything and asked again.

Lakhshen shook his head and said morosely, "The enemies were as sly as a fox. They must have arranged scouts outside of the tribe, stopping and killing those who managed to escape from the tribe. Most of them were killed far away from the tribe after they escaped."

Suddenly, Mengke's turbid eyes opened. This time, his eyes turned extremely sharp and said, "It seems like there's a tribe that became unwilling to serve us and wants to challenge our dominance."

Lakhsen's heart pumped quickly upon hearing what Mengke said and asked, "My Khan, which of the tribes do you think it is?" He is very clear that once the conjecture was confirmed, it would mean an endless war.

"Hmph, Tian Lian tribe just received our support and they got wiped out straight away. What else could this mean other than trying to provoke us? Those missing stallions were just a decoy." Mengke said coldly, and suddenly a bloody aura materialized out of his body without warning.

Lakhshen's limbs froze for a moment. Even a man like him couldn’t withstand the pressure coming from the Khan. He barely stabilized himself and said, "To the south of Tian Lian tribe is just a river. To the west is the wilderness. To the north is us, and the east is the Tian Feng tribe. My Khan, are you suspicious that the annihilation of Tian Lian Tribe was caused by Tian Feng tribe?"

Mengke did not reply and sat emotionlessly on his throne, looking far into the distance. Lakhshen knew that his Khan was thinking of the problem and stood beside quietly.

10 minutes later, Mengke turned, looked at Lakhshen and said, "Dariachi is a very subtle man. He may be ambitious, but he will not act rashly. This man is a snake, he will quietly wait at the corner of the shadow waiting to deliver the killing bow while looking at us fighting each other, awaiting for us to show sign of tiredness. If we were to say this was the doing of Tian Feng tribe, it does not match Dariachi's behavior at all."

Confusion could be clearly seen on Lakhshen's face. This general was definitely good at fighting and had high intelligence, but this didn’t mean that he was good regarding these political issues.

"Then... who do you think did this, my Khan?" asked Lakhshen.

Mengke shook his head and said, "Without any further news, any speculations should never be made by a wise man as it may not be any help in solving the problem at all. My plan is that while we search for more clues, we should also improve our awareness on the other tribes. We’ll wait for the enemies to show up again and deal with them once and for all."

Although he was called the "bloody butcher", Mengke was not an irrational man at all. Of course, if he was an irrational man, he wouldn't have achieved so much by now.

"However, Lakhshen, I have a bad premonition that an immense storm is coming towards us. This storm will hit us with great strength, a strength that we have never seen before. We must be prepared for any scenario." Mengke said suddenly.

Lakhshen's heart pumped quickly again. In the Tian Qi tribe, Mengke was their god and his prediction was just like an oracle’s. Therefore, Lakhshen was easily convinced that a great storm was coming towards them.

However, Lakhshen was still a general, a man who was good at war, not politics. If he were to fight anyone he would never be afraid, so he said loudly, "Rest assured, my Khan! I'll let them know that the existence of anyone who provokes us will perish!"

Mengke nodded but he didn't say anything. He waved his hand and Lahkshen withdrew himself quietly.



* * *





Chapter 118




Here’s today’s chapter, enjoy~

TLer: Ying

TLC: Sigil

Editor: Purpledragon

Chapter 179

Have some TMK artwork you’d like to show off? Feel free to send them in to [email protected]

Also, TMK has a paypal now. If you enjoy TMK’s translations and would like to support it you can find our paypal page here or at the sidebar. As a show of thanks, we’ll be putting out an additional chapter for every $40 received



* * *





Chapter 119




Chapter 119 - Battle Map

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Levs

While Ouyang Shuo was racking his brains about the future development of Beihai Town, a system announcement popped out among those in the China region.

“System Notice : China has successfully promoted 100 town level territories, triggering the battle map. The first battle - The War of Zhuo Lu, will officially commence after 3 days. Friendly tips : The War of Zhuo Lu is a non-mandatorybattle map, and only those with a town level territory are eligible.”

This notice caused an uproar among the players, as they were not aware of the battle map. There was also not a single detail about it on the official website. Even Di Chen and the others had no prior knowledge about the campaign system as well.

As compared to the previous territorial defence missions, this battle was on a much smaller scale, but the attractive and exciting features it contained were definitely on par with the former. Due to the restrictions made by the system, only the top 100 players with town level territories were eligible for the campaign.

As for those who were still struggling with a village level territory, they could only voice out their useless dissatisfaction and protests while those who were qualified were preparing themselves for the battle map. However, there were also some of them who were not qualified and not satisfied trying to see if they could raise their territory level to a town level territory in order to be eligible.

Compared to those who were still lost, Ouyang Shuo had a clear mind. Earth Online’s most unique feature ---- battle map, was finally going to be launched. In his previous life, lord-type players described the campaign map as a dimensional war. With this description, it could be justified how exciting a campaign war could get.

This so-called battle map was similar to a scenario mission. The system would generate a temporary dimensional map based on a historical battle. Those who were eligible were able to lead their armies and pick a faction to join through a teleportation formation.

In the map, many famous figures were generated. A player could follow them and participate in the selected historical war. The player could even change the history if his or her presence was strong enough to affect the tides of war. This immense feeling where a player participated in an epic scenario like this was undoubtedly very attractive.

In general, there will only be at most one historical war for every dynasty. As soon as the battle map of a dynasty ends, the historical figures of the dynasty will start to appear in the game, awaiting capable players to recruit them.

Therefore, as the game progressed into the late game, there will be a huge amount of historical figures from different dynasties in the game to be recruited. With this, the chances of players to recruit mighty warrior figures or powerful strategist figures will be increased drastically.

Another advantage of the battle map was, of course, the merit points. The later the game was, the harder the requirements to raise the player’s title. Using Ouyang Shuo as an example, he was now a second rank count, which was the highest title among the players for now. However, for him to promote into a first rank count, the difficulty was still very high, not to mention the title of marquis that was one rank higher as the required merit points were simply absurdly high.

The battle map provided players an opportunity to obtain more merit points. In each arc and every scenario, the system were to rank the players’ ranking based on their contribution. The higher the rank was, the better the merit points awarded to the players. For the top ten players, they were to be awarded with some special rewards too.

The most appealing part of the scenarios were not only these. For lord type players, famous generals and strategists were what they desired the most. In scenarios, players will have the chances to trigger quests on recruiting these famous figures, only by completing these quests will the players be able to recruit them and bring them back to their own base.

Baiqi The Asura, Xiang Yu The Overlord Of Western Chu, Zhao Yun The God Of Martial Arts, Li Jing The Military God and other figures who were well known will all appear in these campaign scenarios one by one, just thinking about them would make one fired up completely.

At the current state of the game, everyone knew that it was very rare to get a famous figure. Even with the conditions and wealthiness of Shanhai Town, other than Shi Wan Sui who was awarded for building the village, there were only two king class figures which were Fan Zhong Yan and Tian Wen Jing. Based on this, the rarity of every single famous figures could be seen.

After the system announcement, every lord type player had received the notification, including Ouyang Shuo of course.

“System notification: In order to ease the opening of the campaign scenario, the system will set up a teleportation formation at your territory, no cost will be charged. Please choose the location for the portal to be set up wisely. Gentle reminder: this teleportation formation will be permanent, it can also be used for travelling within the territory, please think twice before confirming the location.”

A blue light flashed across the screen, and a holographic map of Shanhai Town appeared in front of Ouyang Shuo.

The choosing of the teleportation formation should be very particular. First of all, the portal could not be built indoors. Therefore, it should be built at an open space. Other than that, for convenience purposes, the space allocated should be very spacious to prevent people crowding at one place.

However, the portal cannot be built outside of the town as the portal can be destroyed. If it was placed outside of the town, it would be very vulnerable to enemies’ attack and reinforcement will not be able to teleport here if the portal is destroyed.

Finally, Ouyang Shuo decided to place the portal at the east side of the town square as the place was not only wide, it was also very close to the military area, therefore, the safety of the portal will be ensured.

“System notification: Location for teleportation formation is confirmed, the portal is now being generated.”

“System notification : Teleportation formation is generated. Player can now view it at own will.”

Walking out of the town hall, Ouyang Shuo could see a gigantic teleportation formation standing at the east side of the town square.

The entire teleportation formation was in the shape of a disc, around 10 meters in diameter. It was made with a material that looked neither like rocks nor jade, and it appears to be very simple. At the core of the portal, there was the iconic black and white Tai Chi symbol, rotating non-stop slowly in the clockwise direction. The center of the core was the pattern of Bagua and the outermost area was the sexagenary cycle.

At the four cardinal directions of the portal stood four bronze statues. They were the Azure Dragon of the East, the White Tiger of the West, the Vermilion Bird of the South and the Black Tortoise of the North, the four celestial guardians. Using the four celestial guardians statues, a surrounding barrier was formed around the portal, blocking those who have no permission to enter the portal.

Ouyang Shuo walked towards the portal and placed his right hand on the barrier to adjust the settings of the portal.

“System notification : Please select which player to be authorized for using the portal.”

As there was only one player in the entire Shanhai Town, Ouyang Shuo set the portal authorization to only himself.

“System notification : Please select the mode of territory teleportation, you may choose one from the following three: free teleportation, permitted teleportation only or war-time limited teleportation only.”

Other than that, the portal’s barrier was only one-way. That said, it can stop people from entering the portal but it can’t stop someone from walking out of the portal.

Therefore, for the sake of the territory’s safety, there must be a restriction on the portal transmission mode.

Free teleportation mode had the least restriction. It meant that anyone from the ally’s side could access the portal at anytime without authorization. Therefore, no lord really used this mode unless your ally was someone who you really can entrust your territory’s safety to. This was because no one can guarantee that each and every ally one had was actually reliable.

If someone in his allies have been bribed by his enemies, the enemies could easily access his portal from the portal of that particular ally. If the enemies were cautious enough, he will not even feel anything. This was undoubtedly dangerous, with the cautious personality of Ouyang Shuo, he will definitely not choose this mode.

In order to prevent this kind of possible infiltration, the second kind of teleportation mode was introduced. This was the permitted teleportation only mode. In this mode, whoever that wishes to access the portal in your territory will have to be authorized first. While they’re waiting to be authorized, the owner of the portal could see who was asking for the authorization and the time they wished to access it. With these information, as long as the owner has some precaution measures, the enemies will be unable to cause any troubles easily.

Of course, if you are even more of a cautious character, you can also pick the third mode ― war-time limited teleportation only. In this mode, only when there is territory war and you need reinforcements will the allies receive your permission and teleport here and it will not be available to them when there was no war.

This mode was suitable for those allies who he didn’t really trusted very much as there was still some risk even in the mode of permitted teleportation only.

Similarly, those who were allies because of sole military purposes were also suitable for the war-time limited teleportation too. This was due to both of the parties becoming allies on the basis of only helping each other in war but not in aspects like economy and so on.

“Select permitted teleportation only!” said Ouyang Shuo.

Although the members of Shanhai Alliance have yet to establish a high level of mutual trust, Ouyang Shuo was confident that he was capable of minimizing the risk to a level he could control. After all, the Military Intelligence Division and Security Division was not just for show. If an ally had betrayed the alliance, under the circumstances of an early alert, Ouyang Shuo believed that the other side could not deliver much of a problem. The final mode of teleportation seemed like one was trying to isolate his own territory after all.

“System notification: Would you like to open the teleportation formation?”

No matter which it was, the three mentioned modes of teleportation had a prerequisite, which was the teleportation among the allies. If one did not form an alliance with another, a player will never be able to teleport around each other’s territory.

However, if a friend or an general he wished to recruit was need to be teleported over into his base, what should he do? At this aspect, the system was still very user-friendly. Other than the three aforementioned modes, it had also designed a special teleportation mode.

This so-called name-adding special mode was that every lord had a list of permitted people in using the portal, all the lord needed to do was just add in the name of the person he wants to authorize and the people will then be able to teleport to his base through any teleportation formation.

“Open the teleportation formation!” said Ouyang Shuo with no hesitation.



* * *





Chapter 120




Chapter 120: TWO Chapter 120 - Invitation

Chapter 120 - Invitation

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

After the completion of the teleportation formation, Ouyang Shuo checked the teleportation fees.

On the battlefield map, every single individual would be charged 1 gold. Between territories during wartime, each individual cost 1 gold, or 10 gold each during times of peace. While the special mode of teleportation name-adding would be charged at 20 gold per individual.

All the prices stated above applied only to single-way teleportation. That is, if you visited an ally, a round trip would cost you 20 gold.

These teleportation fees were charged directly by the system, so the lord would not benefit a single copper from them. Of course, there was simply nothing to complain about, since the teleportation formation itself was constructed for free by the system.

“System notice: Select your payment methods!”

As stated before, the teleportation formation could charge at either end. Just like mailing services in the real world, one could choose to pay through either the sender or the recipient.

Battlefield map teleportation fees were naturally paid for by their own lords. While for teleportation fees between territories, Ouyang Shuo had decided that Shanhai would fully pay for the teleportation fees during wartime, whereas during times of peace, Shanhai would pay the teleportation fees for the visitors back to their respective territories.

While the add-on teleportation was a one-way teleportation, naturally it would be paid for by Shanhai Town.

With Shanhai’s financial status, Ouyang Shuo could totally bear all the costs on his own. However, as the leader of the union, his position did not allow him to do so, as he had to take care of his allies’ feelings.

The teleportation fees taken on by Shanhai Town would be a benchmark to the union members.

If Ouyang Shuo had decided to bear all the costs to act as the good person, then the others would’ve had to be forced to follow after him. Otherwise, if they did not follow his act of bearing all the costs, they would be looked down upon by their fellow members. These fees might have meant nothing to Shanhai Town, but they could be big financial burdens to the other lords, and that was not something he would like to see.

That said, as a lord, especially as the leader of a union, one must fairly understand the art of moderation. So it had to be known when to stop, and the limits should not be passed. Otherwise, one could pave a road to hell with good intentions.

After setting the fee payment methods, a series of system prompts rang in Ouyang Shuo’s ears.

“System notice: Please fully prepare your troops for the first battlefield. Note: The number of soldiers the lord can bring along is directly linked to the lord’s rank.

3rd viscount is limited to 100 men, 2nd viscount 200 men, 1st viscount 300 men.

3rd earl is limited to 500 men, 2nd earl 1000 men, 1st earl 3000 men.

3rd marquis is limited to 10,000 men, 2nd marquis 20,000 men, 1st marquis 50,000 men. A lord with the rank of Duke has no soldier limits and can decide the number freely.”

Ouyang Shuo’s rank was now 2nd earl, which meant that he could bring along 1000 soldiers. Including the soon-to-be-expanded naval unit, Shanhai’s official military forces had reached a total of 4000 soldiers. As

for specifically which units would be participating in the battle, Ouyang Shuo still had to have some discussions with Ge Hongliang.

Leaving the teleportation formation, Ouyang Shuo sent mail messages to his 4 allies, inviting them over to Shanhai for a gathering along with a discussion meeting tomorrow morning.

To be honest, making such a decision was a difficult step for Ouyang Shuo. He was reluctant in the first place. Inviting the allies over would mean that Ouyang Shuo would be taking off the layers of mysteries, and unveiling the true face of Shanhai, exposing it clearly to them.

However, as the union leader, Ouyang Shuo found it necessary to do so. Only by doing so could the union members build up trust amongst one another, slowly shaping the union into an unified body.

Back at the manor, Ouyang Shuo gathered the 4 directors. They would prepare the town for tomorrow’s visit from their allies. Since it was a gathering, there would of course be a touring session.

Although they were his allies, there were still limitations on what they could and couldn’t see. There were others they were allowed to see, but only up to a certain extent. All these matters had to be taken into serious consideration by Ouyang Shuo.

……

Consonance Town, Council Chamber.

“Qiyue Wuyi invited us to Shanhai Town tomorrow for a discussion on the Battle of Zhuolu. Which of you will come along with me? I’m saying this beforehand, Tsing Yi will be coming. It’s a must.” Bai Hua asked and looked around.

Tsing Yi nodded and stayed silent.

Zi Luolan laughed and said, “How unexpected. He openly invited us over to Shanhai to have a tour. Such an event, I wouldn’t want to miss it.”

“What’s so special about it? We all have a territory. I won’t be going.” Hong Ying said.

Bai Hua nodded and said, “Alright, in that case, Hong Ying will stay in the territory and the 3 of us will leave for Shanhai tomorrow.”

……

Mulan Town, Mayor’s Office.

“Sister, come together with me to Shanhai.” Mulan Yue smiled and said in a playful manner.

Mu Guiying, her eyes filled with love while looking at Mulan Yue, said, “Why, you don’t dare to go alone?”

Mulan Yue nodded and said, “En, what if this Qiyue Wuyi is a big bad guy? It is safer if sister comes along with me. Then I will not be worried.”

“Alright, I will follow you.”

……

Similar conversations were also taking place in Xunlong Town and Black Lion Town.

……

Shanhai Town. Council Chamber.

“Everyone, do all of you know of the teleportation formation at the town square?” Ouyang Shuo asked.

“Yes my lord, do you know what it was about?” Fan Zhongyan asked.

Ouyang Shuo nodded, and he explained the teleportation formation and the battlefield map to them, then continued on saying, “This time the Battle of Zhuolu means alot to us. There must be no mistakes and must be done properly. As for the troops we will deploy, what are the thoughts of the Military Affairs Department?”

Ge Hongliang pondered and said, “First, it is warfare on land, so the naval unit will definitely not be suitable. Moreover, the nomadic tribes are getting a little uneasy lately, and the cavalry unit holds a great responsibility to defend against the tribes, so we should not move them easily. Therefore, my suggestion is that the deployed units be formed mainly of infantry, with cavalry assisting them. Within the infantry, the crossbow infantry would come first.”

Ouyang Shuo nodded and said, “Your words are wise. In that case, the deployed units will be like this. From the 3 city defense units, 2 bow squadrons and 3 crossbow squadrons will be the main attacking force. From the infantry unit, 3 infantry squadrons with one of the squadrons equipped with the Buren Armor will act as the defense force. Lastly, from the cavalry unit, 2 cavalry squadrons will support them with coordinated actions. In addition, get an intelligence team from Military Intelligence Division to follow the expedition team. The details of how deployment will be done will be given to the Military Affairs Department and the respective units to settle.”

“Understood!” Ge Hongliang answered and questioned afterwards. “My lord, what about the general and officers?”

As for which officers to select, it was a sensitive issue. With Ge Hongliang’s status, he didn’t dare to make the decisions himself. Not to mention Shi Wanshui, even just Lin Yi and Pei Donglai, the two intermediate officers, were both comparable to Ge Hongliang in terms of status.

Ouyang Shuo pondered before answering the question. “The expedition will be led by me personally, with Director Ge as the strategist. As for the infantry, General Shi will be the main commander while Zhao Sihu will act as his assistant. The cavalry will be led by Lin Yi alone. The Military Intelligence Division team will be led by Song San himself.” Since the time flow rates of the battlefield map and the main world map were different, Ouyang Shuo did not leave any officers back to stay and guard the territory.

Ge Hongliang nodded and said nothing.

“After the meeting, Military Affairs will have to gather the troops as fast as possible, and conduct a joint training. Furthermore, the Combat Logistics Division, Armoury Division, and Bow and Crossbow Division will have to fully prepare the logistics of the troops.” Ouyang Shuo continued his orders.

“Understood!” Ge Hongliang answered.

After finishing discussions regarding the expedition, Ouyang Shuo then said, “Tomorrow morning, there will be guests visiting Shanhai Town. These guests are our allies.”

“Big brother, how do you plan to welcome them?” Yingyu asked.

“I have planned tomorrow’s schedule this way: We will make a small welcome ceremony at the teleportation formation, followed by an official alliance ceremony. Then we will give them a tour around Shanhai Town, and the area will only be limited to the town. Lastly, there will be a discussion meeting regarding the Battle of Zhuolu in the council chamber.” Ouyang Shuo thus explained his plan.

The 4 directors’ faces sank instantly. The schedule Ouyang Shuo’d planned wasn’t simple at all.

“The task is hard and we are pressed for time, so I will briefly divide the work. The welcome ceremony, we need not prepare for this, just follow me and give them a welcome. The venue for the alliance ceremony shall be selected by Mr. Xi Wen with the help of the Material Reserves Department. The only condition I ask for is a solemn and official atmosphere. As for the tour, other than the military-restricted area, the other places need not to be restricted. We will open them to our allies. Lastly, the discussion meeting will be prepared by the Military Affairs Department.” Ouyang Shuo said with a smiling face.

“Understood!” Those whose names were mentioned all answered.

“Seizing this opportunity, the Military Affairs Department will make a simple military parade. It will be done by the 1,000 soldiers that will participate in the Battle of Zhuolu. We will take this chance to show our allies our military weapons and equipment. The Finance Department should prepare yourselves, as you might be dealing with our allies in trading weapons and equipment.” Ouyang Shuo suddenly remembered. Why didn’t he take this opportunity to start the arms trading industry of Shanhai Town?

Ge Hongliang answered yes immediately. However, Yingyu was hesitant. As the descendant of a business family, she wasn’t familiar with the prices of weaponry, so she asked Ouyang Shuo directly. “Does big brother have any prices in mind?”

Ouyang Shuo nodded and said, “For armors, Mingguang armor is not for sale, leave that alone. A set of Buren armor will be sold at a price of 25 gold. As for weapons, a Tang sword will be priced at 5 gold, longbows or hornbows at 10 gold, while a God arm crossbow will be priced at 15 gold.”

Ouyang Shuo gave the prices not from a cost-profit point of view, but rather according to the supply-demand relationship in the market.

With Ouyang Shuo giving the numbers, Yingyu had a benchmark to follow. She smiled and said, “Alright, big brother can be at ease and let the Finance Department handle it. We will see it done.”

Ouyang Shuo nodded and said, “One more thing, the Finance Department will have to deliver the gold from Langshan mining field to me. Raise a sum of gold. I am running out of funds.”

“Understood!” Yingyu nodded.



* * *





Chapter 121




Chapter 121 - Alliance

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Levs

May 13, 9 AM, Shanhai Town Teleportation Formation.

Ouyang Shuo led the four directors of Shanhai and waited beside the teleportation formation, preparing to welcome their allies’ arrival.

The first guests to arrive were Mulan Yue and Mu Guiying from Mulan Town which was nearest from Shanhai Town.

This was the first time Ouyang Shuo saw Mulan Yue. At the age of 18 or 19, she was dressed in a light blue skirt, her black hair touching her shoulder, tied with an ocean-blue silk cloth. Her eyes shined brightly, filled with a smile of purity, her blushing red cheek gave a cute feeling, she looked like a butterfly and pure innocent snow.

Ouyang Shuo couldn’t imagine that such a cute little girl in front of him would be one of the 3 overlords of Lianzhou in his past life. In the past life, rumors said that Mulan Yue was a cold female lord, she seldom interacted with players. Ouyang Shuo had no idea what had happened to her that caused her personality to change so drastically.

Behind her stood a female general, valiant, imposing, equipped with military armor, held a spear in her hands, an aura of a heroine spirit came gushing out from her. Needless to say, she got to be the legendary female general of Yang Family, Mu Guiying.

When the two walked out from the teleportation formation, Ouyang Shuo welcomed them warmly, and said: “Welcome to Shanhai Town, I suppose the two of you must be Mulan Lord, Mulan Yue and General Mu Guiying?”

“Ah, how did you recognize us, I haven’t introduced myself yet.” Mulan Yue was surprised.

Ouyang Shuo looked at Mu Guiying behind Mulan Yue and said: “I might not know the others, but I can definitely recognize the legendary heroine General Mu Guiying.”

“So you had gotten the clue from sister Mu, no wonder!” Mulan Yue said in a silly tone.

Ouyang Shuo nodded, and introduced the directors to the two.

Right at this moment, another 3 lades came out from the teleportation formation.

Walking in the foremost front was a lady, age 27 or 28. She wore a white palace dress, simple yet elegant. She had black hair as dark as ink yet smooth as jade, curled into a bun with a few simple ornaments, embellishing her appearance further. She had perfect facial features with peach-white skin; her aqua colored iris, crystal clear and yet bright, but deep in it lurked a slight stream of coldness, as if her eyes can see through everything. She had perfect shoulders, a slim waist, sharp eyebrows, and white skin.

They’ve met in the auction, therefore Ouyang Shuo could naturally recognize the lady, Lord Bai Hua.

Behind and left of Bai Hua stood a lady, age 25 or 26. She was dressed in a lavender purple dress, her cuffs embroidered with light blue orchids with silver linings delineating the flower petals, the hem of the dress was colored in ice-blue, a wide silver brocade covered her chest, the dress swayed everytime she moved. She had a simple tassel bun, a pair of attractive eyes, red florid skin hue, a little cherry mouth, and looked tender and beautiful. Her black hair flowed down the sides of her cheeks, dangling in the winds while her eyes shined with cleverness and artfulness.

In the past, Shuo had met Zi Luolan before, hence he could recognize her immediately.

The last lady was actually about the same age as Mulan Yue. Her long green silk robe touched the floor, plain and simple, only her cuffs were sewed in red with a few half-blooming oleanders, a white silk sash tied in her waist, a small pouch and jade on her waist. Unlike the two ladies, the little girl tied her hair in a simpler way, her hair fringe casually scattered yet neat. She brought a feeling of natural freshness.

Ouyang Shuo went forward to them and smiled: “Lord Bai Hua, welcome, welcome!”

Bai Hua nodded as a reply, turned and introduced the other two to Ouyang Shuo. Only then did Ouyang Shuo know that the last girl was Tsing Yi, naturally they greeted each other.

Because they had an agreed time, within minutes, Xunlong Dianxue and Gong Chengshi had arrived after one another.

Just like Mulan Yue, the two late arrivals had brought along their one-and-only historical figure from their territory. Xunlong Dianxue brought along the famous General Qin Qiong of the Tang dynasty, while Gong Chengshi brought along the famous strategist Ju Shou from the era of the Three Kingdoms.

Qin Qiong, or otherwise Qin Shubao, a master of the horse lance, was known for his bravery and courage.

He was originally a Sui dynasty general under major general Lai Hu'er, he then followed general Zhang Xutuo to fight the rebel Li Mi. Zhang Xutuo was killed and Qin Qiong thereafter served under the command of the general Pei Renji. He followed general Pei Renji and they surrendered to Li Mi together.

After Li Mi’s defeat, he served under Sui general Wang Shichong. But Wang Shichong was suspicious and often believed in defamations, and in the end, Qin Qiong and another general, Cheng Yaojin, surrendered to the Tang dynasty and they served under the Prince of Qin, Li Shimin.

He fought countless battles for Li Shimin, he fought in the frontline every time and was able to destroy and finish his enemies. But during his old age, he was often ill. He died in Year 638 and was listed as one of the 24 great contributors to Tang at Lingyan Pavilion.

Qin Qiong could be counted as the same era with that of Shi Wanshui. But Shi Wanshui was dead when Qin Qiong was still at a young age, therefore the two have never met before.

Ju Shou was late Eastern Han Dynasty warlord Yuan Shao’s adviser and strategist. He was an Attendant Officer of Ji Province, was nominated as maocai1, and was the clerk of two counties in Ji Province. He was young but ambitious and a master of tactical strategies. Under the governor Han Fu, he was promoted to Cavalry Commandant. After warlord Yuan Shao took over Ji Province, he recruited Ju Shou as his advisor. Often Ju Shou would propose plans and strategies but Yuan Shao refused to listen. During the Battle of Guandu, Yuan Shao was defeated and Ju Shou was captured by warlord Cao Cao. He refused to surrender and hence was executed by Cao Cao.

Seeing Qin Qiong and Ju Shou, Ouyang Shuo was envious, these two talents were really needed by Shanhai. General Qin Qiong, a master in horse lance, he was the best candidate for the position of heavy cavalry instructor. The Tang dynasty Mingguang cavalry was equipped with the fearsome lance as a primary weapon.

A tip of a lance can easily penetrate through their targets, a lance of high-quality would carry the same property as a good sword. Ordinary chainmail, iron armor, Minguang armor, they would all be pierced through by a lance like a piece of paper. The lance was long and heavy, it was not easy for one to master it. Even in history, generals who wielded a lance were only a few from the Tang dynasty, such as Qin Qiong, Cheng Yaojin,Yuchi Gong and Li Cunxiao.

Ju Shou was also a strategist Shanhai was lacking of. In comparison, Ju Shou was way beyond the scales of Ge Hongliang. With the forces of Shanhai growing rapidly, they will face various challenges, a professional strategist advisor like Ju Shou meant a lot to Shanhai.

When the crowd have all arrived, there was no reason to stay at the town square anymore, hence Ouyang Shuo brought them into the manor.

……

Manor, Coucil Chamber.

After everyone took a seat in the chamber, Ouyang Shuo smiled and said: “First off, I would like to welcome everyone to Shanhai Town. Today is the first meeting the Shanhai Alliance gathers together, such a rare opportunity. In order to express our goodwill, we will have a simple alliance ceremony. Shall we?”

“Brother Wuyi had thought it through, indeed we should have an alliance ceremony. Didn’t the ancient lords have the ceremony with the rituals, prayers and things like that.” Xunlong Dianxue was the first to agree.

Bai Hua and Gong Chengshi nodded in agreement. When Mulan Yue heard that a ceremony will be held, fun was the only thing she cared about and so, of course she wouldn’t decline.

Seeing that everyone had agreed, Ouyang Shuo stood up and walked out to the back mountains.

At the back mountains, the two Nian beasts saw the crowd coming, however they ignored them and continued their own sunbath.

Yet it was shocking for the lords to see the Nian beasts before their eyes. All of them had participated in the festival event in New Years Eve, of course they knew what creatures the two beasts were.

“Ah, aren’t they the Nian beasts that feeds on humans? Brother Wuyi, how did they appear here?” Mulan Yue couldn’t hide her words, she asked in pure innocence.

Since Ouyang Shuo had chosen the ceremony to take place at the back mountains, he had never thought of hiding the beasts from his allies. He laughed and explained: “Be at ease, they will hurt no one. During the event, I was fortunate to have a contract scroll and was able to tame the beasts, and now, these 2 Nian beasts are the guardians of Shanhai Town, not beasts of destruction but instead beasts of auspiciousness.”

Their doubts were lifted by the explanation, but the way they looked at Ouyang Shuo became more elusive. Just from the tip of the iceberg, one can clearly see the depths of Shanhai Town.

In the ancient times, an alliance ceremony had several steps. Before the ceremony, a square hole had been digged at the mountain top, and inside was a bison. The bison’s left ear and the blood would be contained in two separate containers. Then, Tian Wenjiang proceeded to use the blood as ink to write the alliance covenant.

Fan Zhongyan will then hold the blood container and read out the covenant, if there were no objections from the allies, the covenant will be read again facing north, dedicated to the Gods. After that, Ouyang Shuo will then take the bison’s left ear container and wipe the blood on his mouth, followed by his allies. Lastly, the bison would be killed and buried along with the covenant in the square hole. That then marks the end of the ceremony.

During the ceremony, the two female lords, Bai Hua and Mulan Yue, were reluctant to wipe the blood on their mouth, hence they had only wiped it below their jaws. The male lords were kind and could understand their acts so they did not force them. However, Gong Chengshi was a true man, he had drank a mouthful of blood instead of just wiping it.

Maocai1茂才: outstanding civil service candidate



* * *





Chapter 122




Chapter 122 - Tour

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

After the ceremony, it was already 10 AM.

The military parade was ready. A thousand soldiers were gathered and lined up in the town square, waiting for their generals.

Ouyang Shuo invited the lords to follow him up to the viewing platform. The platform was divided into two sections. The front section sat the 5 lords, while the back section sat their generals. In the middle was Ouyang Shuo, to his left were Bai Hua and Mulan Yue; on his right was Xunlong Dianxue and Gong Chengshi.

“What you are about to witness is the expeditionary team that will be deployed to the Battle of Zhoulu. The best of the best from Shanhai have gathered right here. Shanhai has now revealed its secret to all of you.” Ouyang Shuo said with a smiling face.

Due to the limitation on the number of soldiers, the 1000 soldiers marched past the reviewing platform in squadrons. As the commander of the parade, Shi Wanshui had mounted a Qingfu warhorse and marched in the forefront. Behind him were 3 infantry squadrons, the 1st to appear was the heavy infantry squadron equipped with the Tang sword and Buren armor. Then following the infantry were the 2 bow squadrons and 3 crossbow squadrons in leather armor. The last to march were the 2 cavalry squadrons. Mounted on Qingfu warhorses, equipped with a Tang sword and horn bow, with lances in their hands. The first 50 cavalry were instead equipped with Mingguang armor.

As they watched the soldiers march past the viewing platform in step, different thoughts lurked in their minds.

Bai Hua’s attention was drawn to the Emperor-level historical figure, Shi Wanshui. Before this, she had met with Fan Zhongyang and Tian Wenjing, the two King-level historical figures. She’d thought that they were the rewards from Ouyang Shuo’s summoning talisman when he acquired the village creation token. But who knew that there was again another one hiding in the military?

Her completion rate during the village creation quests was considered high, and yet she was only rewarded with a Silver-level Village Creation Token and a King-level Summoning Talisman. If this is the case, it seems like the gold-level token must have been acquired by him.

Xunlong Dianxue was eyeing the calvary enviously. Having Qin Qiong as his territory general, it was natural for him to wish for a similar thing that Ouyang Shuo wished for: a fully-equipped elite cavalry unit. Unfortunately, whether be it warhorses, weapons, or armours, he still couldn’t acquire any one of them as of now. Who knew Shanhai had already gathered and equipped them all. What a freak.

Qin Qiong, who was seated behind Xunlong Dianxue watched the cavalry closely. The lance, the armor, the warhorse... the cavalry…. He was in a trance, and his mind faded back to the good old days when he’d fought like a dragon in the battlefield.

As for Gong Chengshi, he had his eyes on the heavy infantry. Nearby his territory too, there existed a bunch of barbaric tribes. Hence, he could instantly identify that the infantry was of barbarian origin. Heavy armors like those might be a burden to ordinary infantry, but to the barbaric warriors, they were just pleasant. Heavy armors and barbaric warriors were a match made in heaven.

While Mulan Yue, the little girl, was just here for fun, her general Mu Guiying’s sights focused when she saw the Qingfu warhorses. She recognized the warhorses, broncos from the center of Lianzhou Basin, raised by the nomadic tribes. She was puzzled and curious. How did Shanhai get their hands on the horses?

The military parade showed Shanhai’s strength to its allies, and at the same time consolidated Ouyang Shuo’s position as the leader of the alliance. In addition, it had shown the best weapons and equipment with the military parade, and so the future arms dealer slowly showed its teeth, waiting for its allies to jump for the bait.

The military parade ended, and his allies stared at him as if they would consume him on the spot. Ouyang Shuo acted normal, smiled, and said, “So, how was it? Since we still have some time, I will give all of you a tour around the town.”

Gong Chengshi was a straightforward man. He was the first to ask. “Brother Wuyi, the tour, it is a must. But that is not the main point. What’s more important is the weapons and equipment in the military parade. Are they for sale?”

Ouyang Shuo nodded and moments later shook his head.

“What?” Gong Chengshi didn’t understand.

“For sale, yet not for sale. Before this, I have made my promise. All of you will be in the priority list. However, there is one condition. That is, only after Shanhai has fully-equipped its own military forces will we then consider selling the weapons and equipment. All of you saw it clearly, even the 1000 soldiers I have now had not yet been fully-equipped. I have no extra weapons and equipment to sell as of now.” Ouyang Shuo did not lie to them.

“Although it is still not for sale, but brother Wuyi must have a price in mind. Why don’t you tell us, so we can prepare the funds earlier.” Bai Hua asked.

The other lords were concerned about the issue too.

I knew you would ask, Ouyang Shuo then made a gesture to Yingyu behind him. Yingyu smiled and said, “About the prices and the orders, why don’t the lords arrange your men to talk to us, the Finance Department? Such sordid affairs need not involve the lords yourselves.”

One who was a lord was a cunning fox. Instantly, they understood the meaning behind the words of Yingyu. Today’s meeting was aimed to pull the allies closer together. It was not a good time for the lords to negotiate deals. It was better to leave the matter to their subordinates.

Later on, the crowd dispersed into 2. The first group consisted of Zi Luolan, Mu Guiying, Qin Qiong and Ju Shou. Led by Yingyu, they would enter the manor into the office of the Finance Department for the arms trading discussions. Ouyang Shuo would lead the others on a tour around the town, with Fan Zhongyan and Tian Wenjing tagging along.

They’d been to the back mountain, and the manor was quite the same for everyone, so those two had nothing to tour about. So Ouyang Shuo first brought them to the cultural area to the west of the manor, leading them to tour the 2 hidden-class buildings Mazu Temple and Recruitment Hall, along with Lianzhou College.

The mysterious Mazu Temple, Recruitment Hall’s incredible features, and Lianzhou College’s teaching structure all had strong impacts on the lords.

In this small town of Shanhai, how many more surprises were there left to be explored, and how many secrets were hidden from the outside world?

The one the lords were most interested in was the operating structure of Lianzhou College. After all, Mazu Temple and Recruitment Hall belonged to hidden-class buildings, so not things envy could get them. With Lianzhou College, however, they would be able to learn from it.

Ouyang Shuo did not hide it from them. He taught them his experiences in building the college. 1st, an institution which belonged to a grade 3 township building wouldn’t able to be hidden for long. Telling his allies earlier could help them strengthen their territories. 2nd, without attractive territory properties like Shanhai’s, they wouldn’t be able to attract enough juren or jinshi as teachers in the institution. It was simply impossible for the other lords to catch up to his Lianzhou College.

As for the southeast military district, without Ouyang Shuo saying anything, the other lords consciously avoided the area. They did not recklessly ask to tour the military district. Therefore, Ouyang Shuo brought them over to the northwest commercial district. Here, the workshops were all busy operating, and the streets were booming with energy.

Lastly, Ouyang Shuo brought them up to the north city wall, standing on the high wall watching the beautiful scene of Shanhai Town.

The strong and mighty city wall had enough of an impact on the lords, yet when everyone saw the moat around the town, they all went dead silent.

Just how insecure he is feeling, building such a strong defensive system so early?

Mulan Yue looked at the Shanhai lord’s banner flag on the city wall. “Ah, this flag is so beautiful. En, I will have design a flag of my own too when I get back. It looks so great.”

“Indeed, indeed.” Gong Chengshi agreed, and he too, seemed eager.

Watching the golden dragon on the banner, Bai Hua teased Ouyang Shuo and said, “Brother Wuyi, what ambition, having your eyes on the greatest throne.”

Ouyang Shuo smiled and said nothing. It could be taken as a tacit assent.

As the time came nearer to lunch time, Ouyang Shuo invited them to a lunch. The meal would not be held in the manor but instead at Restaurant Sangu.

Restaurant Sangu stood in the middle of the commercial street, where the location was booming the most. It was split into two floors, with the a cabin on the first floor taken by Ouyang Shuo as the venue for the meal. Before this, Ouyang Shuo was the only one willing to dine there, but now, with the increase of residents’ pay wages, people often dined in from time to time. Some talked business on the food table, while others invited friends and relatives for gatherings.

Sanniang was already waiting at the entrance. She saw Ouyang Shuo coming, and quickly came forward. She smiled and said, “My lord, the banquet is ready. It’s only waiting for you, sire.”

Ouyang Shuo nodded and said, “Thank you for your hard work. Have Yingyu and the others arrived?”

“Mistress is already here. She is with the guests on the first floor.” Gu Sanniang answered.

“Alright, let’s go too!” Ouyang Shuo turned and said to the lords.

After they arrived, Yingyu obscurely nodded to Ouyang Shuo, implying that matters regarding the arms dealing had been done. Ouyang Shuo smiled and kindly asked everyone to be seated.

For this banquet, Gu Sanniang had given it her all.

There was fresh seafood from Beihai Town, with lamb and pork from the ranch, various vegetables from the vegetable farm, and poultry from the agricultural market. Last but not least, there were also wildfowl from the barbaric tribes, so indeed it was a sumptuous banquet.

As for the drinks, White Tea and Three Flower Wine, the two special local products, were served to the guests. Adding up the luxurious raw materials with Gu Sanniang’s cooking skills would be comparable to a high-class banquet in the real world.

The lords were speechless and actually had become numb. A meal with meat in their territory would be considered a luxury meal, yet Shanhai had been eating this all along with their own resources.

‘Wuwu… After this meal, I wouldn’t be able to eat in my own territory anymore.” Mulan Yue said in silly tone.

The other lords nodded in agreement.

Ouyang Shuo grinned, lifted his cup of wine and said, “Come, let us drink once for the first Shanhai Alliance meeting!”

“Cheers!”

After the banquet, the atmosphere became lively.

Without anyone realizing, their relationship had gotten closer. The feeling of strangers faded, and they were more familiar with each other. As the saying went: ‘A table of wine and food is the best place to make friends’. These words were definitely supported by countless life experiences.



* * *





Chapter 123




Chapter 123 - Military Grain Pills

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Levs

2 PM, Shanhai Council Chamber.

“Everyone, we will now officially start the discussion for Battle of Zhuolu. First thing, I would like to know how many soldiers will each and everyone of you bring along.” Ouyang Shuo was the first to speak.

Everyone proceeded and reported their ranks. Mulan Yue and Gong Chengshi were third viscounts, each could bring 100 men. Xunlong Dianxue was a second viscount with 200 men. Bai Hua was the highest among the 4, she was a first viscount with 300 men. The four of them can bring a total of 700 men, lesser than Ouyang Shuo alone.

After they finished counting the number of troops, Ouyang Shuo continued saying, “The battlefield, namely the Battle of Zhuolu, according to the historical data, it would be split into two factions- The Yellow Emperor, Huangdi and the God of War, Chiyou. Regarding to which faction to select, what thoughts do all of you have? Notice beforehand, I will join the faction of Huangdi the Yellow Emperor.”

Gong Chengshi made a speechless face and said: “Brother, you had already chosen the faction, then why still ask us?”

Ouyang Shuo too was a little embarrassed, he faked a cough and said: “*cough* Well, there are no obligations for allies in the alliance to choose the same faction, I am just telling you what faction I selected, even if we choose opposite sides, it will be completely alright. Moreover, when each of the alliance members have their own interests in the future, it will be inevitable for them to choose different factions.”

Xunlong Dianxue nodded understandingly, smiled and said: “Brother Wuyi is correct. If one day in the battlefield, you want to subdue this faction’s general while he would like to subdue the other faction’s general, then it will be necessary to choose the opposite factions, this is very normal. Plus, choosing opposite factions might not be a bad thing at all, we might be able to acquire intelligence and information from each other.” Xunlong Dianxue was worthy of his name as the “Mission-madman”, he was able to grasp the idea of the game easily and better than the others.

Mulan Yue was the first to choose, with a sweet voice she said: “Since brother Wuyi had chosen Huangdi, then I will follow him as well. I only have 100 men and I am relying on brother Wuyi for protections.”

“No problem!” As for Mulan Yue, Ouyang Shuo had a good impression of her. Moreover, Mu Guiying alone was worthy of over hundreds of men.

“I too, will join Huangdi’s faction.” Bai Hua next.

“So will I.” then following by Gong Chengshi.

Only Xunlong Dianxue grinned and said: “I instead find Chiyou’s faction more interesting, as the defeated party of the battle in the history, there might be a few missions and rewards worth exploring.”

“Alright, so this will be it.” Shuo said.

As the reincarnated one, Ouyang Shuo decided to disclose a few small tips to his allies. Of course, in order for them to not speculate too much, his choice of words were filled with euphemism, he said: “For the battle to come, I have a few guesses, let us discuss all of it.”

“Please speak!” The four answered in unison.

Ouyang Shuo nodded and said: “Firstly, it is about matters regarding logistics. Have all of you ever thought of it, the era of Huangdi and Chiyou still belongs to the slash-and-burn historic era. The lord players that will participate in the battle will probably be numbered around 100. In average, every lord will bring 200 soldiers, that will accumulate to a total of 20,000. When split into 2, that will be 10,000 per faction. Do you think, that Huangdi’s Youxiong tribe and Youchi’s Nine Li tribe can afford the food for such a large army?”

Xunlong Dianxue shook his head and said: “Definitely not, it will only be good enough for them to feed their own mouths, they wouldn’t have enough foods for us. Brother Wuyi’s meaning is, the expeditionary team will have to bring our own food? But it will be a problem to transport such an amount of food. We only have a limited amount of space, we can’t save some for the logistics squad. Otherwise, how could we go to war? One would rather do nothing at all.”

Bai Hua suddenly thought of Shanhai’s military parade this morning, Shanhai had prepared a full thousand of soldiers, yet there weren’t any sign of the logistics squad at all. Her heart was cleared of doubts, she smiled and said: “Brother Wuyi has a way to solve it?”

Ouyang Shuo looked at her with praiseful eyes and said: “That is right, while I was in the market, I saw a special item named ‘Military Grain Pills’. Out of curiosity I acquired one and took a look at it. It was actually a kind of food, small and round in shape. One small military grain pill can sustain the energy needed by one soldier for a day.”

“What’s the selling price?” Xunlong Dianxue eagerly asked.

“Of course it would not be cheap for such a magical thing. A military grain pill is priced at 1 silver. A soldier normally will require 2 units of foods, equivalent to 20 copper. While the military grain pill is 5 times the price of the former.”

“That will still be worth it, at least much better than a squad of logistics following behind. Heihei, but brother Wuyi, you will be awful as you have so many men, the amount of pills needed would not be little.” Xunlong Dianxue gloated at Shuo.

Ouyang Shuo smiled and said nothing, how could Xunlong Dianxue know, for Shanhai’s financial situation, what burden would he have to attain the pills.

A thousand soldiers plus warhorses would only cost him 15 gold. Even if the war raged endlessly for a month, that would only be 400-500 gold. Comparing it to the rewards he could plunder from the battlefield, it would be totally worth investing in the pills.

“Other than military grain pills, there was another one, the military tent. The military tent is detachable and foldable, it could accommodate 5 soldiers at once. Of course, what is good is not cheap, a military tent like this sells at a price of 1 gold.” Ouyang Shuo continued his little tips.

“Alright, with these two “God-level” items, logistics will not be of concern anymore.” Gong Chengshi said in great excitement.

Even Bai Hua looked excited, her beautiful eyes stared at Ouyang Shuo, trying her best to see through this man. She really couldn’t understand, how could Qiyue Wuyi understand the game so well, was it only because he was attentive to details? Or was it because he was really gifted with gaming talents that he could spot those that others can’t. Taking the military grain pills and military tents as example, the system had been publicly selling it in the market, yet no one knew how to utilize their values.

Ouyang Shuo nodded and continued on: “In truth, there are more special things than you can imagine in the market, you can explore them when you have the free time to, there might be one or two surprises waiting for you. Small things like signal flares, I don’t have to remind all of you right?”

“All I can think of was mentioned above. As for strategy and tactical planning, I will like to listen to Mr. Gongyu’s opinion.” Ouyang Shuo smiled and said while he looked at Ju Shou (aka Gongyu) who was standing behind Gong Chengshi.

Of those who were present, Ju Shou was the best in strategy and tactics.

Yesterday, Ouyang Shuo was planning to have Ge Hongliang to plan the tactical arrangements. But when Gong Chengshi arrived with the famous strategist of the Three Kingdoms, Ju Shou, Ouyang Shuo immediately cancelled his plan. He did not want to display Ge Hongliang's slight skill before the expert Ju Shou.

Bai Hua, Xunlong Dianxue, and Mulan Yue were not idiots too, the three agreed on Ouyang Shuo’s decision, and they looked at Ju Shou together.

Even while being stared at by so many, Ju Shou wasn’t nervous at all, he stood up calmly, bowed and greeted everyone, he then said: “I am grateful for the opportunity given, I will then proceed with my opinion.”

“Please mister!” Ouyang Shuo sincerely said.

“According to historical records, the Battle of Zhoulu was a protracted war, it lasted three years with nine battles. During this period, small-scale tentative battles could happen anytime. Therefore, in order to survive and benefit the most from it, we have to expect not only the final war but also small-scale battles. Therefore, I suggest we choose units of high mobility and strong combat capability. In addition to the help of the military grain pills and military tents, we will have a headstart in the battle.” Ju Shou said.

*Pak pak pak* Ouyang Shuo was the first to clap his hands and the others followed. Ouyang Shuo smiled and said: “Mr. Ju you are indeed extraordinary!”

It was already 4 PM when the discussion meeting was finished. As of now, Shanhai Alliance’s first ally meeting had officially ended.

Before leaving, Ouyang Shuo sent everyone a little gift. Qin Qiong was given a jug of Three Flower Wine; Ju Shou was given the tea leaves of the special white tea; Gong Chengshi and Xunlong Dianxue were each given a Tang sword of high-quality.

As for the three Bai Hua sisters and Mulan Yue, they were given rainbow silk cloth of top-quality, suitable as materials for women’s clothings; Lastly, after some serious considerations, Ouyang Shuo had gifted Mu Guiying a Dark-gold level horn bow, it was the product of the Bow and Crossbow Division’s hard-work, the one-and-only horn bow that was made.

The only reason for Ouyang Shuo to give out such valuable gift was because he took into consideration that Mulan Town and Shanhai Town were both located in Lianzhou Basin, there existed plenty of opportunities to cooperate in the future. Showing his goodwill to the other party now was necessary, who knew, in the future Shanhai and Mulan might be one.

After he sent his allies off, Ouyang Shuo started preparing for the battle.

For the first half of the month of May, Langshan mining field had fully delivered a total of 4000 gold to the territory. Which from the 4000 gold, 500 gold were needed for the Beihai navy to form the second navy unit.

Walking into the Advanced Market, Ouyang Shuo started his shopping spree. His storage bag had been upgraded twice and now had a capacity of 100 cubic-meters. If he alone used the storage bag, it would be more than enough. But if he was to bring the military goods along, then 100 cubic-meters would be insufficient.

Having no choice, Ouyang Shuo grit his teeth and spent 1000 gold purchasing a large space stone, upgrading his storage bag into a capacity of 1000 cubic-meters, which was sufficient enough. As for the higher grade, giant space stone, it wasn’t sold in the market. Even if it was, with Ouyang Shuo’s financial status at the moment, he couldn’t afford the giant space stone which cost at least 50,000 gold.

The storage bag itself challenged the ancient nature order of physics, it could be counted as a bugged-item and was at the same level as the God-level items. Hence, in order to upgrade it, one would naturally have to pay a huge price.



* * *





Chapter 124




Chapter 124: TWO Chapter 124 - Preparation

Chapter 124 - Preparation

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun



After Ouyang Shuo finished expanding the space of his storage bag, he started purchasing military goods.

He first spent 210 gold on 210 ordinary military tents. Since it was inappropriate for Ouyang Shuo to ask the officers to stay in the same tents as the soldiers, he had bought 10 more tents for his officers. Then, he spent another 50 gold on a fine military tent, storing it in his storage bag. The fine tent would be used as command post.

This was followed by military grain pills. With 500 gold, Ouyang Shuo bought 50,000 military grain pills, enough to sustain 1000 men for a month. Plus, these pills could be stored in his storage bag. They had no such things as an expiration date, so even if they couldn’t finish them, they could still use it next time. The military grain pill had a diameter of 2 cm, so 50,000 pills took up only a small little corner of his storage bag.

After leaving the barracks, Ouyang Shuo made his way to the wood workshop.

The wood workshop had changed a lot since the last time Ouyang Shuo had come. It had expanded to 4 or 5 times larger than it was before, and had been divided into two sections. The front section was purposed to accommodate the guests and visitors, while the back section was a large space of the workshop. Hundreds of carpenters were in the workshop, busy crafting parts and manufacturing the wooden-ox horse.

As it was late in the day, Ouyang Shuo lost his intent on touring the workshop. He received the south-pointing chariot from the manager Lu Guangzhi, stored it in his storage bag, and directly returned to his manor.

Ouyang Shuo went back straight to the manor and logged off.

In the brick and mortar world, it was already the height of summer.

Ever since the last holiday trip they had, Bing’er had been more clingy than ever. Today was a Sunday, Ouyang Shuo woke up early from bed and brushed himself up. As soon as he was done, the little girl came rushing out from her bedroom, she was ready to join Ouyang Shuo for a morning jog, for this, she even omitted her favorite habit of sleeping.

“Baby, why are you so active lately? Is the Sun now rising from the west?” Ouyang Shuo teased her.

The little beauty smiled and said nothing like a proud peacock.

Bing’er wore a pink t-shirt along with pink cotton sports pants, and on her legs were a pair of white canvas sports shoes. Her appearance was exactly that of an active sports girl. Ever since she and Xiaoyue had gotten along together, Bing’er’s clothing was handled by Xiaoyue. Compared with Ouyang Shuo’s aesthetics, hers naturally was a few levels better. After all, in the field of fashion, most men were far behind the women.

While jogging around in the park, passersby were staring at the little beauty as though as she were a star walking on the street. Even Ouyang Shuo could enjoy the luxury of being stared at by passersby.

Even after they came back, Xiaoyue was still in bed, it seemed that she was sleeping in due to the game. Although, it was proven that when players were in-game, their human body would be in a light sleep state, but it wasn’t as good as real sleep. Therefore, for some players, especially female players, if conditions permitted it, they would sleep in after logging out of the game. As the saying goes, lack of sleep is the enemy of a beauty.

After breakfast, Ouyang Shuo opened his handbrain and logged

in to the game forum.

Around these 2 days, the forum had been extra lively, the focus was naturally directed towards the Battle of Zhuolu. Such a new style of a quest system with the lack of disclosed information had kept the players in suspense. However, most of the players weren’t qualified for the battle and could only discuss about it in the forum.

Although, there were adventure players who had the same whimsical ideas to join the lord players in their territories and indirectly achieve the goal of participating in the Battle of Zhuolu. Unfortunately for them, most of the qualified lord players were the best of the best and they didn’t have a lack in talents. Furthermore, due to the limitations implied on the title, most of them could only bring 100 to 200 men along with them, and there were no available spaces for the adventurers anymore.

Ouyang Shuo was still worried, that after knowing his identity, his little aunt Ling Jing would approach him and ask him to bring her mercenary group along. If that were the case, then there existed a risk of getting exposed too early.

Yet, truth had proven to Ouyang Shuo that his worries were merely in his imagination. Ling Jing, although different from others in terms of sexual orientation, was particularly good at conducting herself in society. She kept her promise out of love for her nephew and had never spoken a word to her partner Xie Siyun about Ouyang Shuo’s identity.

In the game forum, other than the Battle of Zhuolu, there were still some other hot topics.

领地数量是有限的，整个中国区，能够存活至今的玩家领地数量，不会超过一万。而作为联邦最为发达的两个大区之一，现实中，中国区能够排的上号的企业，又何止万计，光是个人资产上亿的富豪就突破一万人。

The territory-buying incident caused by Song Wen was still in a frenzy even after 2 months, and it was actually getting bigger. Even after the government had released its notice, it still wasn’t enough to quell the public’s doubts.

Ever since the incident, the smart ones among the civilian lord players had declined and rejected the corporate people’s offers. Some of them were waiting to sell only for a better price while some decided to wait until things had been cleared before making any decisions.

The number of territory lands was limited in nature, the existing territory land in the whole China server would not exceed 10,000 in number. While being 1 of the only 2 strongest within the federal government, China had way more than 10,000 top corporate people, and even individuals worth 100 million numbered more than 10,000.

With such a situation at the moment, the wolves had little meat to share. With a low supply and a high demand market, it would be natural for the prices to shoot up high. The wolves had to increase their bidding prices higher and higher in order to acquire territory lands. Song Wen had spent a 100 million on a grade 3 village and Song Jia still thought it was a waste of credits. Yet now, even an offer of 200 million credits was still insufficient for one to get a grade 3 village, so one could tell how crazy the market was right now.

Following the high price of territory land, the public’s doubts against Earth Online had evolved. As of now, the doubts had spread not only in China, but all over the world. Ouyang Shuo would like to see how long the federal government could hide the truth from the public.

For Ouyang Shuo, it was natural for him to wish for the federal government to disclose the truth. As a direct result, the public would stop changing in-game golds into real-world credits, and this would in turn cut off gold-funding sources from players like Di Chen and the like.

However, no matter how much he wished for it, Ouyang Shuo wasn’t going to do it himself. Acts like posting the truth onto the game forum would be the same as looking for a death wish. In this modern era, skynet was capable of overlooking everything, everywhere. Ouyang Shuo wasn’t equipped with the necessary hacking skills to release the truth while bypassing or avoiding the skynet.

No matter who or what was it, those who dared to expose the most confidential intelligence of the Alliance would be faced with harsh repression. The Alliance might not be able to overwhelm the public’s will, but there were multiple ways one could imagine for an individual to be squelched.

In this modern era, the democratic system had been perfected. Suggestions like the ones Ouyang Shuo gave to Song Wen were derived interpretations based on the player’s understanding of the game rules, combined with real world business regulations. Such acts, even detected by skynet, would be considered legitimate and Ouyang Shuo would be protected from skynet by his civil rights.

But, if one had disclosed confidential information intentionally, and hence caused social chaos, then the Alliance would have enough reason to arrest you immediately under the charge of leaking the Alliance’s confidential secrets.

That said, before finding the perfect timing, Ouyang Shuo would not put himself in danger easily.

It was already 11 AM when Ouyang Shuo logged out of the forum. It was then Xiaoyue was finally awake, Bing’er teased Xiaoyue just like she would tease Ouyang Shuo when he had slept in.

The little girl lifted her fleshy small hand, lightly scraped her fleshy face, laughed, and teased Sun Xiaoyue. “Shame shame, big sister is a lazy pig, Bing’er had already finished her homework. Big sister only woke up now.”

Sun Xiaoyue wasn’t like Ouyang Shuo, so she felt embarrassed. She quickly walked over, hugged Bing’er in her arms, squeezed Bing’er’s fleshy face, and said, “Bad Bing’er, you even dare to tease big sister now. I will teach you a lesson, else your tail would go over the sky.”

“Ah!” Bing’er immediately begged for mercy. She made a pitiful face and said, “Wuwu~~~Big sister, Bing’er realizes her mistakes. I will not tease and say you are a lazy pig anymore.”

“You still dare to speak of it!” Sun Xiaoyue was furious and used her hand and tickled Bing’er. The little girl couldn’t take it and kept laughing.

“Ah, haha, big sister!!! Bing’er really knows she did the wrong things, haha. Big sister, have mercy on Bing’er!” The little girl begged for mercy as tickling her was Bing’er’s biggest weakness.

“Hmph, now you’re talking.” Xiaoyue had finally let her off and went into the toilet like a winner at life.

Ouyang Shuo was really enjoying the show while making himself comfortable on the sofa.

Bing’er turned her head to Ouyang Shuo and saw her brother’s gloating face. She rushed into his arms and said, “Big brother bad bad, you don’t even come and save you cute little sister.”

Ouyang Shuo laughed, knocked on her head, and said, “Haha, you think Xiaoyue sister is like me? Someone you can simply tease? You made the mistake, you face the consequences.”

Bing’er felt embarrassed and hid her face in Ouyang Shuo’s arms, not saying a word.

Ouyang Shuo caressed her little head and deciding to gave her an out, he then said, “Baby, say what you want for lunch, I will make it for you.”

“I want sugar-vinegar ribs!” Unsurprisingly, the little foodie lifted her head and said excitedly

“You little brat, you keep ordering foods that require great preparation. Fine, I’ll fulfill your request for lunch, making sure our little princess is satisfied.”

She was so happy her eyes practically became a line. She kissed Ouyang Shuo on the face and said, “En, big brother treats Bing’er best!” proving Ouyang Shuo’s petting was useful.

“I want boiled potatoes and sirloin.” All of the sudden, Sun Xiaoyue’s head came out of the bathroom and said loudly.

Ouyang Shuo made a facepalm, accepted his fate and helplessly said, “Understood!”



* * *





Chapter 125




Chapter 125: TWO Chapter 125 - Frolic

Chapter 125 - Frolic

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Levs

After lunch, Ouyang Shuo received a call from Song Jia.

"Woodsy, the Battle of Zhuolu, will you participate?"

"Of course!" Ouyang Shuo proudly said. In front of Song Jia, Ouyang Shuo always felt relaxed. he says what is on his mind without any fear and without the need to hold back. Just like a child, showing off his achievements and everything to Song Jia.

"Hmph, smug!" Song Jia said helplessly against Ouyang Shuo's childish acts. Yet not knowing why every time Ouyang Shuo showed off to her, she could see as if the quiet little boy back in high school who always studied in the corner of the classroom had time-traveled and appeared right in front of her again. She felt a pleasant and gracious feeling lurking in her heart.

"Your brother's Tian Shuang Village, has it been upgraded to grade 1 town yet?"

Song Jia shook her head and said low-spiritedly: "Not yet, when we acquired Tian Shuang Village, it had just been upgraded to a grade 3 village. In addition, it was created by a bronze-level token, the territory properties were very bad. My brother has been trying hard lately, but the requirements were still not met. It is sad that we can't make it for the battlefield mission."

Ouyang Shuo nodded his head while he secretly rejoiced in his heart, fortunately, they wouldn’t be meeting in the battlefield maps. Otherwise, he wouldn’t know how to face Song Jia. He wouldn’t know whether to reveal his identity or continue hiding it.

If he approached her, his real-world identity would be exposed. Ouyang Shuo wasn’t too worried if only Song Jia knew of his identity. But if the Song Corporation grasped on the slightest clue about his identity, they could instantly dig out his identity, there was simply no way to hide it.

But if he continued hiding it from Song Jia, that would be unfair to her. If they weren’t in the same map, not having the possibilities of meeting each other, then that would be fine. But what if they were on the same map, facing the possibilities to meet each other, to continue hiding his identity from Song Jia would be a little too overboard.

Fortunately, fate had it all decided and Ouyang Shuo didn’t have face with such dilemma.

“It’s alright, there will be plenty of opportunities like these in the future!” Ouyang Shuo comforted her.

Song Jia nodded, she wasn’t really feeling sad or anything. After all, her interest lies within the adventurer path rather than the kingdom buildings. She was just feeling a little down seeing her brother’s dismay.

“All the best, take back a good prize!” Song Jia smiled and said.

“Of course I will!” Ouyang Shuo continued on his childish act.

Song Jia made a facepalm and with a sweet voice she said: “I can’t stand your thick face anymore, you can make a wall from it already.”

Ouyang Shuo made a face pretending he was hurt and said: “Ey, so you don’t trust my strength, so hurting. Life, so lonely like snows.”

“Alright, alright, I know you are powerful. My mom’s calling me already, talk to you next time. Bye-bye!” Song Jia said and ending the conversation.

“Bye-bye!”

……

Kun Ming City, Shengshi Garden.

Shengshi Garden was a high-end villa district, only those with power and money could afford to stay in it. The whole area was like a landscape garden covered in green with beautiful flowers while the villas were scattered around in the man-made paradise.

In the southwest corn

er of the garden, in one particular villa stayed 4 single ladies. The 4 beauties each had their own styles and auras. Even in such a high-end area filled with extraordinary people, they could still stand-out among the crowds. However, in the eyes of the security guards, it was a fly in the ointment that the 4 beauties were too shut-in, seldom coming out from the villa, although, there were always 3 to 4 express deliveries sent to them.

Not known by the others, the villa belongs to the Consonance Game Studio.

The 4 beauties were naturally “Green Red Purple White” of Consonance. Due to their success in the gaming world, each and everyone’s net worth were more than 10 million. For example, their big sister Bai Hua, had already broke through to the hundred million category. Of course they could afford such a high-end villa.

Much like Sun Xiaoyue, the 4 beauties took a nap after logging out of game. It was already 11 AM when they all woke up. Their home robot had already finished making their brunch, waiting to serve the 4 mistresses.

Thanks to the development of advanced technology in this modern era, artificial intelligence robots took over the world quickly. Home robots were one of them, it can clean the rooms, do the laundries, cook meals, and every other house chores. Even the advanced home robot’s cook was comparable to those star-chefs.

Ever since the rise of home robots, housemaids had been a history. What’s left was just high-class custom made personal chamberlain service, and that was not something the public could afford to enjoy. Only those nobles and blue-bloods would hire one of them.

The Bai Hua sisters were rich, the home robot they have was naturally of advanced grade. Moreover, none of them were picky with food, that was why they seldom leave the villa. As for shopping? You’d gotta be kidding me, other than looking for freshness, who still leaves the house to shop, especially for the 4 serious game addicts.

180 years ago, ever since VR technology was introduced to the world, ideas of shopping online through VR technology had already been spoken of numerous times. Now, VR technology was a history. The trading platform had developed a virtual shopping mall, the customers logs in to the mall just like a game and could shop as much as they would like to. If one had purchased an item, it will be sent over by unmanned-drones within two hours real-world time, it was truly convenient.

The only reason Ouyang Shuo brings Bing’er out for shopping and entertainments was because he didn’t want her to detach from the real-world and live in the virtual-world at such a young age.

After eating their brunch, the 4 sisters sat together in the living room.

Because they were at home, plus it was summer, they have all wore simple clothings.

Bai Hua wore a loose pure white T-shirt with short pants, her hourglass-body shape was presented clearly. If only there were males on the spot, they might have a nosebleed from seeing such a sight. Bai Hua casually sank herself in the soft couch, looked at Tsing Yi who was sitting beside her and asked: “Little sister, you had went over to Shanhai yesterday, what thoughts do you have?”

The trip to Shanhai Town, although Tsing Yi never spoke a word during the whole trip, but she was the one with the best observation among the 4. The question asked by Bai Hua wasn’t intended to tease her.

Tsing Yi, in real life, was a cute little girl. She wore a cute cartoon T-shirt with only a pink panty, in addition to her cute baby face, she looks just like a cutie.

She stared at Bai Hua’s breasts with an envious look on her face and then looked at her own, she said; “Big sister, what do you eat, how can yours grow so big?”

Bai Hua facepalmed, she knew it was gonna be like this. Tsing Yi was known as the little Zhuge in-game, but she was in fact a naughty girl in real life, always teasing her sisters.

Before Bai Hua could say anything, Zi Luolan came from the side and hopped onto Bai Hua, hugging Bai Hua tightly. She lifted her hands and swiftly molested Bai Hua’s breasts, and she said with an evil tone: “Heihei, little sister, don’t be jealous. This is all natural, nothing jealousy can change about. You are still young, you will probably have a second growth.”

“Hmph, sister you are lying again. You told me last time that papaya can help with the growth of breasts but it had no effect at all, big liar!” Tsing Yi didn’t believe in Zi Luolan’s theory of second growth.

To be honest, Zi Luolan’s body was comparable to Bai Hua’s, hers was even more sexier.

Zi Luolan wore a black singlet without bras, her two little pinky dots could be seen clearly, and at the bottom was only a sexy panty that could barely cover her butt, exposing her long white legs.

Among the 4, only Hong Ying was not linked to the word “sexy”. Short hair, military green T-shirt and a short jeans, a military lovers’ outfit. In addition to her airport flat body, she could be mistaken as a boy from afar.

Bai Hua pushed Zi Luolan’s hands aside, she was helpless towards the female hooligan. She turned and looked at Tsing Yi, smiled and said: “Little sister, you don’t have a boyfriend anyway, why are you always concerned about your breast size? Moreover, for a cutie pie like you, you will always be welcomed everywhere.”

“Indeed indeed, what’s the use of a big breast, it’s only a burden.” Hong Ying agreed from the side.

Zi Luolan went speechless against Hong Ying’s opinion, she then said: “Third sister, you are travelling far down the path of a tomboy, you are hopeless. Little sister can still act cute but you, you can only act as a bodyguard.”

“If a tomboy then a tomboy, I find it perfectly alright.” Hong Ying answered in full confidence.

Bai Hua ignored the two and continued talking to Tsing Yi: “Or is it that our little sister had fallen in love with some other boy?”

“Big Sister!” Tsing Yi couldn’t take it and she ran over to Bai Hua, she said furiously: “Even if I had fallen in love, staying at home everyday, I still wouldn’t have any chance at all.”

“Ey, the spring had just passed and here comes your spring time. Even words like no chance at all came out of your mouth.” Zi Luolan teased her.

“Ah!” Tsing Yi realized she had spoken the wrong words and immediately her face blushed red.

“Hahahahah!” The sisters laughed together.

Such a scene was their daily lives. Everyday Tsing Yi would be envious of Bai Hua, and every time Zi Luolan would molest Bai Hua.



* * *





Chapter 126




Chapter 126: TWO Chapter 126 - Speculation

Chapter 126 - Speculation



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun



After the frolicking, the 4 sisters stopped and came back to the topic. Tsing Yi hugged a Mashimaro doll, sat on the couch and said, “Yesterday’s trip, it gave me a big shock. Shanhai is way stronger than I thought it was. Way beyond the imaginations and speculations in the forums.”

“How so?” Bai Hua asked curiously.

Tsing Yi wasn’t one who would boast. If she said she was shocked, she meant it wholeheartedly. Bai Hua had to observe the other allies and therefore her observations towards Shanhai Town wouldn’t be as detailed as Tsing Yi’s.

“In general terms, it means Shanhai’s territory system. I discovered Shanhai had built a nearly perfected territory system. Whether be it government, military, or economy, it all had well-built systems, it even included the subsystems such as talents cultivation and industrial development.

The whole Shanhai Town only had Qiyue Wiyi as a lone player, so this is really unbelievable. How could he shape Shanhai into this in such a short period of time?” Tsing Yi disbelievingly said.

“What? I can’t understand a thing.” Hong Ying interrupted her and said, “That Qiyue Wuyi, is he really that strong?”

Bai Hua nodded her head, “Little sister is right, we have a lot to learn from Shanhai. Qiyue Wuyi gave me a feeling. He is immensely familiar with the game. Other than that, I have a feeling, he played this game for a different reason than any others. As a professional gamer, we are used to managing Consonance Town as an in-game property. But Qiyue Wuyi, he is different, it feels like he is really considering himself as a real lord, and Shanhai as his territory.”

“Did you girls realize? Although Shanhai didn’t have any other players, the way he treated the NPCs was the same as how he treated the players like us. He did not differentiate NPCs and players in any way. Perhaps this is why he could manage Shanhai into the strong town it is right now, the sense of mastery and responsibility over the land. That is what we are lacking the most.”

“One more thing.” Tsing Yi added on. “Although he gave us, the allies, a tour around the town, I am feeling that he still hid some things from us. At least, we still don’t know what the sources of his funds are. Shanhai is well developed, their taxation system is also better than ours[a]. But in turn, in order to maintain the ongoing systems, the funds needed were immense too. Big sister, I don’t know if you had noticed, but the living standards of the residents of Shanhai Town are way better than Consonance Town’s. All of them wore new clothes, with ruddy faces filled with energy. This denotes that they lived an abundant life. When we had lunch in Restaurant Sangu, there were a lot of residents dining on the ground floor. This is something unimaginable by the residents of Consonance Town.”

Bai Hua nodded and exclaimed, “Yes, that too, is something I am curious of. But, that would be normal to them, Shanhai Town must have its own unique funding source. It is understandable for him to hide it from us. I believe his funding source could not be replicated. Otherwise, with his generosity, he would have told us a word or two about it.”

“Indeed.” Tsing Yi nodded in agreement, and said: “To know a man by repute is not as good as meeting him face to face in the flesh. Big sister’s move of supporting Qiyue Wuyi to the position of the leader of the alliance was a good move. A day’s time was enough for us to feel his formidable and ambitious aura. For a man around our age, this is truly rare.”

“Yo, little sister. Could it be you have

fallen deeply in love with him? Is your springtime really coming?” Zi Luolan teased her again, not even thinking herself as the elder sister at all.

However, Tsing Yi did not back off this time. She pretended and said, “Hmph, what about it? Don’t you think Qiyue Wuyi is really masculine? Much better than those effeminate boys out there.”

Zi Luolan looked at her, astonished. She smiled and said, “Little girl, at such a young age yet your taste is not bad at all. You are right. This Qiyue Wuyi, he is very special.”

With a ridiculing face, Tsing Yi teased Zi Luolan in turn and said, “Sister still dares to talk about me. From the way I see it, you are the one who has fallen in love!”

As the representative of the “Bold faction”, the teasing from Tsing Yi was merely nothing to Zi Luolan. She walked seductively towards Bai Hua, swiftly hugged her, and said with a sweet voice, “Cheh, I am not fond of him. It’d be enough to have my Bai Hua to sleep with me. Is that right, my wife?” Upon finishing the sentence she kissed Bai Hua on the cheek.

Tsing Yi closed her eyes with her hands and shouted, “Ah, I’m still a little girl! How can you do this in front of me!” While in actual fact, she’d opened her fingers widely looking at the scene.

Bai Hua pushed Zi Luolan aside and said, “You all, we are talking about serious matters here! Can you all be little more serious?”

Zhi Luolan didn’t take that matter seriously and said, “I thought we just finished. What’s more to talk about? Shanhai Town’s secret, there’s no need to think so much about it.”

Bai Hua shook her head and said, “That is not the point.”

“Then what is?” Zi Luolan asked.

“重点是，从山海镇的种种迹象表明，岂曰无衣要比我们更加了解这款游戏。对这款游戏投入的感情，也要比我们深的多。你们就没有想过，这到底是为什么呢？他玩这款游戏的目的，究竟又是什么？”白桦接连发问。

“哪有那么多为什么，说不定他就是那种极为少见的游戏体验派呢。”一直很少发声的红鹰突然说道。

所谓的游戏体验派，是指那些将自己完全地代入到游戏当中，将自己完完全全地当成一名原住民，体验与现实不一样的生活的玩家。自从虚拟游戏的拟真度超过80%之后，这一类的玩家就急剧增多。

“The point is, from what we can see, Qiyu Wuyi obviously knows of the game better than any one of us. The thoughts and feelings he’d invested were also much greater than ours. Why didn’t you all think of why he’s doing it? What’s his purpose of playing this game?” Bai Hua blurted a few questions.

“Why do you have so many questions, he’s probably just one of those game-experiencers.” Hong Ying said suddenly.

The so-called game-experiencers were those who immersed themselves fully in the game, claiming themselves as the aboriginals, experiencing the game in a different way than normal players did. Ever since the game’s reality became 80% as real as the real world, players of this kind had increased greatly.

For the military lovers, they would chose a military background game. For those who loved ancient knights and heroes, they would choose a martial arts/ medieval background game. If you were a playboy, and was unable to practice it in real world, there would also be such games that could fulfill your desires.

In short, as long as one didn’t do any crime, you could do whatever you wanted in the game. Some hardcore game-experiencers immersed themselves into the game world to a point that they couldn’t differentiate the real and virtual worlds anymore. As a result, they would hibernate their real body and live in the gaming world for eternity.

Bai Hua shook her head and denied the possibility. She said, “No, it can’t be. According to my intuition, Qiyue Wuyi is not one of those players. He was sober with a well-directed purpose. It’s just that he had a different goal than us.”

Zi Luolan frowned and said uncertainly, “Or is that the game really has some dark, secret, and untold truth behind it? The territory-buying frenzy incident lately, I am sure all of you know about it. It seems like it is getting more and more serious and on a bigger scale now. Just two days ago, there was one corporate who contacted me, wanting to purchase our territory. Girls, guess how much they were offering?”

“How much?” Tsing Yi asked curiously.

Zi Luolan glanced at Bai Hua and said, “5 hundred million!”

“Oh god, so much. Why didn’t you tell us before, second sister? All the other previous games we had played, adding them up wouldn’t even be able to exceed that amount!” Hong Ying was shocked.

Zi Luolan looked at Bai Hua and said, “I’ve mentioned it to big sister before, but she declined.”

“Why?” Hong Ying asked Bai Hua.

Bai Hua shook her head and said: “Silly girl, there are no free lunches in life. These corporations were crazily buying territories. It was just too unusual. There must’ve been some reason behind it. They’re not dumb, but instead they were cunning like foxes. For them to offer 5 hundred million for a territory, there will be immense benefits to them in the deal.”

“Think about it, all those games we’ve played, there were some with the same settings of territory/kingdom building. But even then, these corporations did not purchase the territories but rather had us promoting their brands or selling their products in a shop or something like that. Therefore, at times like this, we have to be firm and calm. We must not be blinded by the profits now and miss the greatest opportunities. Anyhow, we are not lacking of money. With our savings, we couldn’t even deplete them in our whole life, so why the hurry in selling off Consonance Town?”

Upon hearing Bai Hua’s explanation, Hong Ying and Tsing Yi nodded in agreement, fully supporting her decision.

“What could be really going on?” Tsing Yi muttered to herself.

Bai Hua shook her head and said, “No one knows yet, maybe only those top corporates might know a thing or two. But, with the doubts of public in an uproar on the internet now, the Allaince government wouldn’t last long before it stands out and makes a statement answering the public’s call.”

“It is true, I see it that way too. Hence, all we need to do now is to wait calmly. Managing Consonance Town nicely is the only thing we need to be concerned of.” Zi Luolan added.

“En.” The sisters nodded together.

Seeing that the atmosphere was winding down, Bai Hua ended the conversation.

The sisters got up and went to their own matters. At this time, Bai Hua would usually surf on the forums, getting new information and updates. Zi Luolan would start a shopping spree in the virtual mall, and even 2 closets couldn’t fit all her clothes. As for Hong Ying, she would go to the gym without fail. Tsing Yi liked to watch anime, and sometimes she would pull along her sisters to join her.

[a]retranslated



* * *





Chapter 127




Chapter 127: TWO Chapter 127 - Battle of Zhuolu part 1

Chapter 127 - Battle of Zhuolu part 1

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Levs

5th month, 15th day, 9AM, system notification announced right on time.

"System Notification: 3000 years B.C., to obtain the middle region that was suitable for animal husbandry and agriculture, the Yellow Emperor tribe joined the Fire Emperor tribe to wage a war against the Chiyou tribe from the south in a big battle at the Zhuolu region. The battle ended in the Chiyou tribe losing and being wiped out. First epic war- battle of Zhuolu, officially activated!"

At the Shanhai Town teleportation formation, 1000 of Shanhai Town's most elite soldiers were fully armed and ready.

Upon hearing the system notification resound, Ouyang Shuo shouted loudly, "Let's go!". At the same time, a series of notifications entered his ear.

"System Notification: Checking if player Qiyue Wuyi satisfies all requirements to join the war..."

"System Notification: Player Qiyue Wuyi's base is a grade 3 town, satisfies requirements."

"System Notification: Checking player Qiyue Wuyi's rank to determine number of battle slots..."

"System Notification: Player Qiyue Wuyi is a second class earl, given 1000 battle slots."

"System Notification: Player Qiyue Wuyi please confirm the number of people joining the battle."

"1000!" Ouyang Shuo said calmly.

"System Notification: Epic war will be split between Yellow Emperor camp and Chiyou camp, player please choose your camp! Special tip: If player chooses the losing camp from the war and change history, he will obtain great rewards. Please choose wisely!"

If it wasn't that Ouyang Shuo had something he definitely needed to get from the Yellow Emperor camp, he would have chosen Chiyou camp. He knew the prize and reward for changing history.

"I choose the Yellow Emperor camp!"

"System Notification: Camp chosen!"

"System Notification: Congratulations to player Qiyue Wuyi for starting teleportation, commencing teleportation for 1000 people, deducting 1000 gold as transportation cost."

"System Notification: Teleportation begin!"

The teleportation formation could at most transport 200 people at once. The 1000 men force would be transported in 5 batches. Ouyang Shuo was in the first batch and accompanying him was Zhu Hongliang and two infantry squadrons.

After the teleportation formation was activated, the Taichi diagram in the middle started turning and the eight trigrams started to shine brightly, appearing very mysterious.

With a "Shua", a white light shone and after a short distortion of the area, Ouyang Shuo and his group appeared in a strange, barren world.

"System Notification: Welcome player Qiyue Wuyi into the war map, this is a special map, Pigeon letters are banned and global channel chat is prohibited."

"System Notification: The war map and main map time difference is 10:1, 10 days in the war map is 1 day in the main world map, please don't worry about your territory in the main map."

"System Notification: Welcome player Qiyue Wuyi to the yellow emperor's camp- Yellow Emperor city."

Ouyang Shuo opened his eyes and looked at his surroundings. They were in a spacious region, similar to that of a square. On it, constant white light shone to show a new force being transported over. The space wasn’t large and as the number of people transported became higher, it appeared to be a bit cramp.

Ouyang Shuo waited for the remaining people to teleport

over and meet with them while judging and analyzing the Yellow Emperor city. The Yellow Emperor city was more of a mountain stronghold than a city. During that era, they didn't build houses on trees but instead started building huts. The more advanced ones were using yellow mud to make walls and using twigs and straw to make the roof.

When all 1 thousand had successfully transported over, Ouyang Shuo ordered General Shi to form up the forces.

At this time, an NPC wearing black linen and a beast skin around his waist was standing in front of the square. He was standing on a tall platform and said warmly, "Weird people gifted by the gods’, welcome to Yellow Emperor city and help us beat the evil Chiyou tribe. I am the city receptionist Gong Sunlie, now, may I have each lord to register here with me. After that please bring your forces to set up camp outside of the city.

Ouyang Shuo was stunned, this was the same as chasing them away, how "warm".

Ouyang Shuo ordered General Shi to take care of the forces while he walked towards Gong Sunlie, with Wang Feng beside him acting as a bodyguard. Beside the stage was a tent built with straw. Inside was a table shaved from a whole log and also a wooden stool. On top of the table were palm sized wood tablets, its purpose unknown.

Gong Sunlie sat behind the table and helped the lords register.

"Name?"

"Qiyue Wuyi!"

The surrounding lords upon hearing him report his name, got into a frenzy. It was Qiyue Wuyi, the most mysterious lord in china, he finally showed his face in public.

There were those who had joined the sanction and had recognized him earlier. They all went ahead to greet him and he humbly reciprocated each and every one.

Seeing the situation, Gong Sunlie frowned and asked," territory?"

Ouyang Shuo, seeing the situation wasn't right like he had stabbed a hornets nest, immediately signaled the players to keep quiet. He turned around to apologize to Gong Sunlie and said, "Shanhai Town!"

"Force number?"

"A thousand."

Gong Sunlie was shocked, no wonder he was so welcomed, he brought such a big number of forces.

On the surface, he did not show a reaction and grabbed a wooden tablet, he carved the two words "Shanhai" in ancient wordings and indicated 1 thousand for the force strength. As for why he knew how to write the ancient words, you had to ask the system gods.

After carving the basic information, Gong Sunlie passed the wooden tablet to Ouyang Shuo and said, "This is your identity tablet, with this your forces can enter and leave the Yellow Emperor city, if not they will be treated as spies."

Ouyang Shuo nodded his head and accepted the tablet. In the front of the tablet was a black bear, this was probably the insignia of the Youxiong tribe that Yellow Emperor was in. As there were still people waiting behind him, Ouyang Shuo didn't examine it carefully, hanging it at his waist and backed off to the side.

The reason why he didn't leave was firstly it would be easy to meet up with his allies and secondly, he wanted to see which other lords had chosen the Yellow Emperor camp.

A few moments later the group got into a frenzy again. Ouyang Shuo turned his head only to see Di Chen bringing peerless elegance and walking forward. Some of the lords in front of him gave way and automatically gave him their spots.

As for Di Chen choosing the Yellow Emperor camp, Ouyang Shuo didn't feel surprised. In reality, Di Chen was surnamed Xuanyuan and his family were the descendants of the Yellow Emperor.

Hence in this Battle of Zhuolu, with his arrogant personality, even if he knew that choosing the Chiyou camp and winning would get him great rewards, he would still choose the Yellow Emperor camp.

Reality proved that Di Chen's decision was right. The reward that Ouyang Shuo wanted was obtained by Di Chen in the last life. Sadly, with Ouyang Shuo, everything was now different.

The receptionist didn't bother about the player's reaction and asked, "Name?"

"Di Chen!"

Gong Sunlie frowned, that name was just too arrogant, "Territory?"

"Handan Town!"

"Force number?"

"500!"

Ouyang Shuo stood at the side and nodded. Unexpectedly Di Chen was only a rank 3 earl, although it was already a high rank, but compared to him he was lacking by a huge margin.

After Di Chen, Handan alliances' other two members registered. Sha Pojun was a rank 1 viscount and could bring 300 men. Wufu was a rank 2 viscount and could bring 200 men. The entire Handan alliance brought a total of 1 thousand men.

After registering, when Di Chen saw Ouyang Shuo, his eyes stared at him.

At the auction, the two nearly got into a fight. But as a son of a famous family, he had pride, his face revealed a warm smile and said, "Brother wuyi, how's everything?"

Juedai Fenghua who was standing beside Di Chen was seeing Ouyang Shuo for the first time. Upon hearing Di Chen greeting Ouyang Shuo, she was amazed, a pair of beautiful eyes swept upon Ouyang Shuo.

As for Di Chen, Ouyang Shuo had decided not to bother about him. Since they were destined to be enemies, there was no reason to be fake and he was not from a rich and powerful family.

Ouyang Shuo nodded and looked coldly.

Di Chen was stunned, seeing that Ouyang Shuo did not do what he had expected, he seemed very awkward. Sha Pojun at the side was frowning and ridiculed, "What a scum, not even knowing manners." When Sha Pojun said those words, he didn't notice that Wufu's expression tensed up.

Wang Feng, upon seeing Ouyang Shuo get insulted, took out the Tang knife at his side, "Who dares to insult my sire, go to hell!" As he said that, he wanted to burst forward and teach him a lesson.

Ouyang Shuo waved his hand and stopped Wang Feng's impulse. His eyes became cold as he stared at Sha Pojun, "What's the use of words? You're a dog that just barks for his master and I'll make you a dead dog,"

"You!" Sha Pojun was enraged and was about to start a fight.

Di Chen also stopped Sha Pojun, looking towards Ouyang Shuo and laughing, "Seems like brother Wuyi is determined to go against out Handan alliance. Ok, I'll wait and see. Let's go!" The last sentence was said for Sha Pojun.

"Same, same!" Ouyang Shuo didn't show any signs of weakness.

This scuffle was kept in the eyes of all the players. The mission hadn't begun yet and the two biggest dragons in the camp had already started an internal dispute, how interesting.



* * *





Chapter 128




Here’s today’s chapter, enjoy~

TLer: Ying

TLC: Sigil

Editor: Purpledragon

Chapter 179

Have some TMK artwork you’d like to show off? Feel free to send them in to [email protected]

Also, TMK has a paypal now. If you enjoy TMK’s translations and would like to support it you can find our paypal page here or at the sidebar. As a show of thanks, we’ll be putting out an additional chapter for every $40 received



* * *





Chapter 129




Chapter 129 - Battle of Zhuolu part 3

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Levs

Like they say, there will always be some people who are happy and some that are sad.

After Ouyang Shuo was chosen as the representative of the Yellow Emperor camp, it was an incredible benefit for Shanhai Alliance. On the other hand, the Handan Alliance which had Di Chen at the helm, the difference in feeling and mood was like night and day. The two alliances who were originally around the same strength had instantly been swung in Ouyang Shuo's favour.

At the registration point, a few of the players upon seeing Feng Qiuhuang join Shanhai Alliance's camp, had tried to contact Ouyang Shuo in hopes that they could join too.

The moment the battle notification was released, those lords that had not dispersed became more anxious. They did not care or bother about whether Ouyang Shuo would agree or not and brought their forces and tailed behind Ouyang Shuo's.

As for these players, Ouyang Shuo did not want to reject them outright. To win this battle, only relying on the strength of the Shanhai Alliance was impossible. If he could unite all the players in the camp to his side, it would undoubtedly increase their chances of winning.

Definitely, things would not possibly go as smoothly as he thought. Firstly, with Di Chen leading the Handan Alliance, they would definitely reject cooperating with Ouyang Shuo. Additionally, apart from running his own territory, the Handan Alliance had tried to infiltrate other territories. Thus in the Yellow Emperor camp, there will be some supporters or people who would ally with him for benefits and won’t easily join Ouyang Shuo's side.

Secondly, in normal circumstances, lord game mode players are usually more arrogant. Most of them were the inheritors or children of the large families and powers and have become used to ruling over others, making it hard for them to follow another person; if not, they were the top class adventure game mode players who had already reached the peak in that game mode and thus decided to change to lord game mode. Thus they also had no reason or desire to go under and listen to another player.

Hence, for all the players in the camp to unite was a near impossible thing. Ouyang Shuo also did not hold such hopes and in his plan, as long as he was able to make a 5000 men force, then it would have counted as a success.

So, as for the players who proactively showed good intentions, Ouyang Shuo did not reject them. Of course, without understanding their true intentions, he also won't accept them into his camp.

He indicated that after finding a suitable location to build a camp and after settling down, he will then talk about cooperation. With that, a group of players waltzed out of Yellow Emperor city. Such a wild sight was something the players were seeing for the first time as they looked on in awe.

Now was the summer season, the most vibrant and energetic season of the year. Looking at the vast and endless plains, wild grass grew and trees took root. The nameless wild grass grew until it could cover a grown man's knees. As the summer breeze blew across, within the tall grasses, hundreds of beast roars could be heard, seeming really dangerous.

Seeing this kind of spectacle, Ouyang Shuo naturally would not dare to go too far.

He ordered Lin Yi to lead a cavalry squadron along with the spies from the Military Intelligence Division and look for a suitable camping spot near the Yellow Emperor city.

In ancient wars and battles, the place where a camp is set up was done with a lot of knowledge and research and it couldn't be done carelessly. Sunzi's Art of War stated that any army would look for the highlands and avoid low areas, look for places with a lot of sunlight and avoid dark and damp areas. They would go for places with water and trees so as to be able to get supplies and if their soldiers are healthy and don't fall ill, they would win all wars.

Apart from that, they also had to avoid the forest or river crossing. Taking into account that Chiyou camp was attacking from south east to northwest, the best position would be the west of Yellow Emperor city. Like this, he could avoid being cannon fodder in an upfront confrontation and could act as a flank and quickly enter the battlefield.

An hour later, Lin Yi and his group returned.

Lin Yi quickly got off his horse and said, "Reporting to sire, we found a mountain slope at the west of Yellow Emperor city. The south side of the slope about 5 km away has a large river. It's very near to the slope and that makes getting water easy. I think that it's a good spot to set up camp."

Ouyang Shuo nodded his head with delight and smiled, "Good, everyone, move out!"

The force started to get busy after they rushed to the camp.

Firstly, they had to burn and cut all the annoying wild grass to make a large enough empty space. Secondly, they had to go to the woods nearby to chop down some trees for wood to build the camp.

To ensure the safety of the camp, its surroundings must have a small wooden wall. The method was to cut two rows of tree trunks, one long and one short, and after burning the trunk, it was buried half into the ground. The long tree trunks will be the outer layer and the short ones will be the inner layer. Then in between both, wooden planks will be set up and divided into two layers such that the part that was protruding could be a defensive wall. The upper layer could let troops patrol and act as sentries while the bottom layer could be a resting area and a storage area.

When they set up the camp, a tent would accommodate 50 soldiers, their tents would be set up facing each other and surrounding the tents, drains had to be dug up. Soldiers were prohibited from going and running into other tents. Every tent area had its own public toilet which was far away from the food and water source. Amongst the various tent areas, there was also sufficient space for movement.

Nearing noon, the camp was finally cleared out. As everyone was busy cutting trees and digging the drains, Ouyang Shuo asked Wang Feng to bring an infantry squadron to follow by his side.

In the camp, Ouyang Shuo took out the main tent that he had bought and set it up together with the soldiers. This would act as a meeting room for everyone to discuss as it was not becoming to talk and discuss all around the place.

As compared to the soldier's tents, this tent was 5 times larger and was like the tooth tent used by the nomads and could have 20-30 people inside.

After building the tent, Ouyang Shuo took out the table and stool crafted by the wooden workshop.

Seeing Ouyang Shuo taking out item after item from his storage bag like magic, Mu Lanyue who was following around him curiously like a baby opened her eyes widely and asked, "Brother Wuyi, how is your storage bag so big?"

Ouyang Shuo explained, "It has already expanded to 1 thousand cubic metres, of course it’s big. Ouyang Shuo did not want to dwell further and said, "Since the tents have been set up, quickly call everyone here to discuss what to do next."

"En!" Mu Lanyue nodded her head cutely.

……

Inside the main tent, Ouyang Shuo sat in the middle, in his two sides sat Feng Qiuhuang, Bai Hua, Mu Lanyue and Gong Chengshi. Behind them sat their various assistants and generals.

"Now that we have settled down, for our next step, what suggestions do you all have?" Ouyang Shuo asked.

Feng Qiuhuang was smart and knew that since she was the only one not from Shanhai Alliance, and that they had probably discussed this issue, Qiyue Wuyi was actually just asking her.

Feng Qiuhuang laughed, "Whatever plans lord Wuyi has why not just say it directly. Since my Fallen Phoenix Town joined your camp, I will follow your instructions."

Ouyang Shuo nodded, "I'll be direct then!"

"Haha!" Mu Lanyue suddenly laughed, making everyone look at her with judging eyes. She embarrassingly said, "I find it interesting how both of them are talking, calling each other lords."

Feng Qiuhuang realized it and laughingly said, "That's true, why not we get rid of the formalities. My name is Feng Wu, Brother Wuyi can treat me as one of you all."

Ouyang Shuo nodded and continued, "To make it convenient to lead, my intentions are for our five forces to merge and follow one leader. Specifically separate the forces in cavalry, sword shield soldiers and bow and crossbowmen, these three types. I suggest for Zhang Liao to be the leader of the cavalry, Lin Yi and Hong Ying as the deputies. General Shi will lead the sword shield soldiers with Gong Chengshi and Wang Feng as deputies. Mu Guiying will lead the bowmen and crossbowmen with Zhao Sihu and Diqiu as the deputies. Jushou will be the military advisor and Tsing Yi and Qingluan will be the deputies.”

Ouyang Shuo's arrangement had protected and considered about every area. It not only protected Shanhai Town's postition as the core but also considered about his allies. Of course, the first consideration was based on talent and ability.

For the cavalry, it was mainly the troops from Shanhai Town and Consonance Town, one leader and two deputies ensured the smooth arrangement of commands.

The sword shield soldiers, General Shi had the absolute power and the position of Gong Chengshi was also considered, making him a deputy and letting him lead a squadron.

The last were the bowmen and crossbowmen. Originally Shanhai Town had 500 and were the absolute core, but Ouyang Shuo decided to give the leadership to Mu Guiying. This arrangement showed his great trust as she was definitely better than Zhao Sihu at being the leader. As the other 200 bowmen and crossbowmen were from Fallen Phoenix Town, Ouyang Shuo arranged Diqiu as a deputy.

Out of all this, probably only Fallen Phoenix Town was at a loss. They had 500 men but because they lacked a general, they couldn't lead the main force and could only support. This was also why Ouyang Shuo was hesitating, only until she expressed her allegiance did he say out his plans and strategy.



* * *





Chapter 130




Chapter 130 – Battle of Zhuolu part 4

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

After listening to his organization plan, Feng Qiuhuang felt that she had an added layer of understanding of Ouyang Shuo. She smiled and said, “Brother Wuyi's organization is great, little sister has no qualms."

Ouyang Shuo nodded and said, “Since everyone has no qualms and nothing to say, we will split the tent areas based on the different forces. As for the specific arrangements, I'll leave them to General Shi and General Zhang Liao. Is that okay?"

General Shi and General Zhang Liao immediately got up. “Yes sire, we will not let you down!"

"I have to say before everything starts that the purpose of reorganizing the forces is to form cohesion and to face the final battle together. Throughout the process, if you need to individually complete missions, the alliance won't have any restrictions. Not only that, if you need help, we can also send backup." Ouyang Shuo explained.

Everyone was selfish. As the leader of the alliance, if he couldn't give a good response to settle the selfish side of them and made everyone sacrifice their personal gain for the team, this would only cause the alliance to split apart. Only by building the alliance upon mutual benefit and showing them that working together was the only way of winning would the alliance last for long.

Feng Qiuhuang and the rest nodded to express that they understood, seeming very pleased.

Bai Hua asked, “Wuyi, then what would the few of us do?"

"That's true, although we aren't generals and warriors, we ought to do something to help." Feng Qiuhuang added.

Out of the five lords, Ouyang Shuo and Gong Chengshi had side jobs as generals, Mu Lanyue as a tailor, Bai Hua as a doctor, and Feng Qiuhuang as a knight.

"As for the rest of us, we will also split jobs. I'll be in charge of contacting Yellow Emperor city and finding out news. Bai Hua and Feng Wu will be in charge of contacting other players and choosing the best players, excluding those arrogant ones or those with bad intentions. As for the rest, as long as they accept our organization of troops they can join in. As for Yue Yue, you will be in charge of coordination and contacting each of us." Ouyang Shuo thought for a while before saying.

Bai Hua and Feng Qiuhuang were both female lords with a lot of influence.

Out of all the professional players, Bai Hua held utmost authority, knowing a lot about each lord. On the opposite side, Feng Qiuhuang was playing for the first time and did not know much about the professional players, but about the various leaders of each power, she knew much more than Bai Hua. With both of them working together, they could cover each of their weaknesses. Adding their personal charm, having the two of them in charge of contacting other players was too perfect. ……At 2 PM in the afternoon, Ouyang Shuo brought Wang Feng and left the camp towards Yellow Emperor city.

In the Historical Records of the Five Emperors, Si Maqian used simple but descriptive writing to describe the life and death of the Yellow Emperor.

The Yellow Emperor was the son of Shaodian. He was surnamed Gongsun and named Xuanyuan. Like many of the old people from legends, when he was born there was a natural phenomenon, and he could speak not long after his birth. Talent coupled with hard work and honesty made him grow into a well-learned, extraordinary talent that would be able to complete all tasks.

Gongsun Xuanyuan was born at a time when political reform was happening. The once-powerful Shennong was getting weaker day by day, wars waged everywhere, and the commoners suffered.

Shengnong had no power to help the weak, and at that time, Gongsun Xuanyuan, who was rising in power, grabbed his chance. He gathered his troops and started a crusade against tribes to use power to force them into following his will. There was one tribe that wouldn’t yield, and that was the Chiyou tribe, which was good at war.

Subsequently, the Fire Emperor, who was equally strong, had invaded the weak tribes, causing the weaker ones to flock under Gongsun Xuanyuan's charge in hopes of sanctuary. The Fire Emperor and Gongsun Xuanyuan couldn’t avoid a battle. Gongsun Xuanyuan used a series of methods to increase his power and strength like cultivating morals, organizing the military, studying the weather, growing grain, rearing a group of beasts like the Pixiu tigers, and preparing for the battle with the Fire Emperor. The battle which was known as the Battle of Banquan broke out, and after several intense battles, Gongsun Xuanyuan defeated the Fire Emperor.

At that point, he had become the leader of all the tribes and started giving them orders. After the Fire Emperor yielded, the Yellow Emperor ordered him to send personnel to different areas. The Fire Emperor sent Chiyou to the east, but when he arrived there, he started a revolt against the Fire Emperor. As he wasn't his opponent, the Fire Emperor retreated to Zhuolu and requested assistance from the Yellow Emperor.

Hence, Gongsun Xuanyuan ordered his men to gather up all the tribes for a war against the Chiyou tribe. The result was that the tribal alliance led by Gongsun Xuanyuan crushed the Chiyou tribe and beheaded Chiyou. After that, his reputation and authority flew upwards, all the tribes recommended him to be the Son of God, replaced Shennong as the leader sent by the gods, and named him as the Yellow Emperor.

History states that the Yellow Emperor tribe traveled here and there and didn't have a permanent living spot, living like nomadic tribes. The Fire Emperor's emperor calling had to do with fire, and people called him Lieshan, meaning fire mountain. Growing plants and grains in the wilderness, he probably came from a farming tribe. Chiyou came from the east, and they said he used metal weapons and was fairly advanced, probably coming from a farming tribe too.In truth, the nomads and the farmers probably did not split up, but they had differences in ideology. Hence the Battle of Banquan was a battle between farmers and nomads and also a battle between their ideologies. The Battle of Zhuolu was instead a battle between the Chinese ethnic group and the Dongyi ethnic group.

Shennong wasn't a confirmed person, but a sort of ideology that extended beyond a tribe which lasted for hundreds and even thousands of years. Hence, his legend was instead deemed as a period in time.

Fire Emperor, Yellow Emperor and Chiyou were all heroic figures during the Shennong period. On ideology, they were all like Shennong, only coming from different tribes. In a period when the main strength was declining, they all wanted to obtain land, people, and money. Hence, the war raged on and finally ended in the Battle of Zhuolu, making the Yellow Emperor the hero of heroes.The current event was just after Gongsun Xuanyuan had defeated the Fire Emperor and just before the Battle of Zhuolu. This period, both sides had been at a standstill for a very long time.

Because the Chiyou tribe came from far away, they had to build their own Chiyou city. The city was destroyed by water, making them build a stronghold up in the mountains. The Chiyou stronghold was made up of 3 connected strongholds and was less than 10 kilometres away from the Yellow Emperor city.

Apart from this, not far from the Yellow Emperor city was a Fire Emperor camp which was where the Fire Emperor tribe had gathered. Yellow Emperor camp players could rush there to find side missions.Ouyang Shuo and Wang Feng were prepared to enter the Yellow Emperor city via the west gate.

At the two sides stood two guards. They wore a black linen dress, and around their necks hung a necklace made up of beast teeth. They each held a stone axe in their hand, and it was made of a wooden handle and an axe head that was grounded from a rock, looking extremely sharp.

After checking his identity tablet, they allowed them to proceed.

Ouyang Shuo wanted to use gold to bribe them to ask for infomation. But if he thought about it, gold was something such a primitive society didn't know about.

After entering, he didn't go straight to see the Yellow Emperor.

Although he was the representative and had the right to see the leader, if he disturbed him for no reason, it would make him annoyed.

The Yellow Emperor tribe, apart from the Yellow Emperor and his bride Leizu, consisted of Fenghou, Limu, Changxian, and Dahong, 4 important officials. Fenghou was the prime minister, and Limu was the general. Changxian was the inventor, and Dahong was good at training troops.

Ouyang Shuo was ready to use Leizu as his breakthrough point. His confidence stemmed naturally from the unique coloured silkworm from Shanhai Town.

As the leader of females in the olden times, Leizu created the method of keeping silkworms and obtaining silk from them. She also made everyone respect the emperor, grew mulberry, forced people to wear clothing, started marriage laws, gift traditions, respecting one’s mother, and she cared about the welfare of the people. All this was started by her.

As the bride of the Yellow Emperor, she naturally lived in the tribe palace. Of course, based on the building levels of the ancient people, even if it was a palace it was just a mud building.

The palace was situated in the middle of the city, and there were guards at the door. It was extremely spacious and took up a tenth of the city, showing the importance of the king and his bloodline.

Like the other buildings in the tribe, the palace was built with a mud base and a straw roof. A wooden skeleton was strengthened with mud to make the walls, and the roofs were covered with straw.

There wasn't only one building in the palace, and it was a combination of 4-5 rooms which made it look very majestic. The main hall was 8 meters tall and the highest point was 10 meters. The stairs alone were already a meter high. The outer walls of the palace were made with yellow mud which hardened and that made it look very strong and solid. Once it dried, it wasn't afraid of the rain, and the color was vibrant.

An ancient society will always dig a fire pond in the house to use to cook and to keep warm during the winter. Hence to solve the problem of the smoke, a hole must be opened in the roof. If a hole was opened, however, it would leak, as such a thatched roof must be made. The whole system looked very reasonable and practical.

One had to admit that such primitive structures were wild but beautiful, easy but practical. Ouyang Shuo was thinking that if Sun Xiaoyue saw such structures, she would be in awe.



* * *





Chapter 131




Chapter 131 - Battle of Zhuolu part 5

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Levs

Ouyang Shuo brought Wang Feng with him and went to the door of the palace.

The two guards stopped them and warned, "The palace is a sacred ground, random people can't get close. Who are you? Please leave."

Ouyang Shuo smiled and respectfully said, "I'll have to busy Brother to report that representative Qiyue Wuyi has something to give to the queen."

The guard was stunned. Ever since he was named as the representative of the Yellow Emperor camp, all the NPCs in the camp automatically learnt of his existence.

Hence, when they saw that he had come up to the door himself, they didn't dare to be disrespectful and their attitude changed by 180 degrees. They said embarrassingly, "Oh so it's representative Qiyue Wuyi, please wait for a moment, I'll go and report."

"Thank you." Ouyang Shuo nodded.

After 10 minutes, the guard returned and said,"Her majesty invites the two of you to enter."

Ouyang Shuo and Wang Feng followed behind the guard and walked into the palace. Along the way, he looked at the design of the palace, it was simple and practical, a typical wild style.

The guard brought them to a side hall and said,"You guys can enter yourselves, her majesty is waiting for you inside."

"Thank you for your help." Ouyang Shuo expressed his thanks once again.

Walking in the side hall, Ouyang Shuo saw a young and beautiful woman sitting on the main seat, her features were distinct and her nose had a high bridge. Her long hair was let down without any jewellery on it, seeming very natural and warm. She was wearing a white sleeved gown, the end of the gown only reaching her knees, displaying a pair of healthy and beautiful legs.

On her shoulder hung a yellow shawl and was tied around her waist. On her forehead was a gemstone that was tied by a chain, making her look honorable. Apart from that, a swallow shaped jade hung around her neck. This was definitely her majesty Leizu.

In the sides of the hall sat 3 young women and 1 cute little girl. Their dresses were similar to Leizu, only lacking the jewelry on her forehead. One of the girls looked ugly and Ouyang Shuo guessed that she should be the Yellow Emperor's fourth concubine Momu. With that conjecture, the other two women should be Nujie and Tong Yu.

As for that little girl who looked to be 11 or 12 years old, Ouyang Shuo could guess her identity. There was a chance that she was the Yellow Emperor's Daughter. She looked very dainty with long eyelashes, large eyes, and white succulent skin making her look like a little doll.

She was wearing a silk gown which showed a pair of soft arms. The gown was pure white and didn't have any patterns, only being tied around the waist by a belt made up of numerous gemstones. The gown covered till her knees and she wore a pair of boots made of deer leather. Her straight black hair moved in the wind and there were small braids tied with a white silk string at the sides of her head with a few white feathers stuck into it.

She also wore a flower wreath, and around her neck was a swallow shape gemstone, even her right hand had a bracelet made up of gemstones, making her seemingly wild and playful.

Ouyang Shuo didn't know what exactly to call Yellow Emperor's concubines and wife and used the most formal way, bowing forward and saying, "I'm representative Qiyue Wuyi, greetings ladies!"

In his eyes, their clothes were filled with the style of the ancient wilderness. However in their eyes, the outfits of Ouyang Shuo and Wang Feng were also very weird and special.

As it was a battle map, Ouyang Shuo was obviously dressed as a general. Be it the Mingguang armor or the Tang sword, in their eyes it was like god weapons.

One must know that in the era that they live in, it was the stone age, even the Chiyou tribe only used copper weapons. Weapons and equipments made by metal was something that they couldn't fathom.

The little girl was very lively and active. She wasn't afraid of strangers and upon seeing Ouyang Shuo, she ran down from her seat. It looked like she wanted to touch Ouyang Shuo's armor, especially the shining circle guard at the front of the armor.

Leizu warned, "Mei'er, don't be rude."

Ouyang Shuo was surprised, this young girl was the Yellow Emperor's daughter Xuanyuan Mei, the girl which legends say were super ugly? But she looked totally different from what they described, such a cute girl, how was she ugly? I guess it must be what their descendants had guessed and made up.

Ouyang Shuo liked Xuanyuan Mei and took out a small dagger from his storage bag, handing it over to her and said, "This is a little gift for the princess."

After being warned by her mom, although she really liked the dagger, she didn't dare to accept it. She looked at it sadly with her big eyes while turning back and looking at Leizu.

"Since it's a gift, accept it!"

"Thank you, Mother!" Xuanyuan Mei giggled and accepted the dagger thanking Ouyang Shuo, "Thank you, visitor from afar, I really like your gift."

Ouyang Shuo nodded and said, "It’s good that little princess likes it." After Xuanyuan Mei returned to her seat, Ouyang Shuo said, "Respected queen, I have a gift for you, I hope you allow it."

She nodded, after the little situation with Xuanyuan Mei, her impression towards Ouyang Shuo was very good and she also became very warm, "What gift? If it's too expensive then I rather not."

"Don't worry, although it is rare, it is useless in other places. Only you can use it to its true value." Ouyang Shuo explained.

"Oh, there's such a thing?" Leizu's interest was piqued.

Ouyang Shuo nodded and told Wang Feng to bring up the gift that he prepared. It was held in an exquisitely crafted wooden box and inside were 30 colored silkworms and some unhatched eggs.

The reason he brought the eggs was because he was afraid something would happen to the silkworms during the teleportation.

Leizu signalled the maidservant to get the box and place it on the table. Upon opening it and seeing the slowly crawling coloured silkworms, she was both shocked and surprised, "Is this a type of silkworm?"

"That's right." Ouyang Shuo nodded, "It's a very rare type of coloured silkworm, not only are the colours on their body different but the silk that they spit out are also coloured."

She smiled, "Very good, I really like this gift."

Ouyang Shuo's preparation was far more well done than what she expected. He took out the 7 coloured silk from his storage bag and said respectfully, "This was made from the silk for you to admire. If you don't mind, please accept it."

The reason he took out the silk was to prove that he didn't lie and that the coloured silk was true and secondly was to give those as gifts to the other three concubines. When giving gifts, the worst thing is bad preparation and missing out on people. If that is the case, one might enrage people and that was a mistake that Ouyang Shuo naturally wouldn't make.

If one of the concubines didn't receive a gift and hated Ouyang Shuo because of it and fanned some flames in front of the Yellow Emperor, then all his hard work would go to waste.

As they say, everyone has a spot for admiring and understanding beauty. Seeing the silk, all the ladies were unexpectedly touched, their expressions became more warm and wasn't as expressionless as when he had just entered.

Ouyang Shuo was delighted as he knew that his plan had worked.

As the main wife, Leizu was obviously very smart and Ouyang Shuo's little antics didn't escape her eye. She was very impressed by his planning and smiled, "For letting me keep such a gift, I will give you one in return. What do you want?"

Ouyang was stunned, before he came he did not expect such a situation. The reason he gave the gifts was to make her like him and increase the good feelings that the Yellow Emperor has on him and make it more convenient and easy for him to do things, he didn't expect there to be a reward.

Ouyang Shuo said sincerely, "It's just a small gift with my thoughts, as long as you like it, it's okay, I don't need a gift in return."

Leizu shook her head, "No. The coloured silkworms are of great help to the tribe and it could be said to be an epoch-making contribution, making the colours of our silk more vibrant and exciting. Such a contribution has to be rewarded. Why don’t I give you a manual to grow the silkworms to complement it."

Leizu took out a book made of leather and asked the maidservant to pass it to Ouyang Shuo.

He took it, had a look and was amazed, saying, "Thank you queen for your gift!"

[Leizu’s Sericulture Handbook]: After using, raise silk production by 20%.

After receiving the reward, Ouyang Shuo was very smart and knew that he should not stay any longer, "Queen, it's already late and I have to rush back to the camp outside the city, please allow me to leave first."

She nodded, "Since it's like this, I won't keep you for any longer."

"Yes!" Ouyang Shuo said and with Wang Feng, they slowly left the side hall under the lead of the maidservant and walked out of the palace.



* * *





Chapter 132




Chapter 132: TWO Chapter 132 - Battle of Zhuolu part 6

Chapter 132 - Battle of Zhuolu part 6

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

It was already 4 PM when Ouyang Shuo came out of the tribe palace. As he was thinking about the progress of the camp, Ouyang Shuo did not stay in Yellow Emperor City.

When he went back to the camp, the camp had already undergone a big change.

With the combined efforts of 2000 men, the wooden wall of the camp had been completed. On top of the wall, there were soldiers patrolling and making rounds. At the 4 corners of the camp were arrow towers. Apart from that, at the main gate of the camp, which was at the east gate, were two arrow towers. At the front, there were two rows of horses.

When the camp guards saw Ouyang Shuo, they bowed. Seeing that, Ouyang Shuo smiled and replied in kind, making the soldiers feel a little warm inside.

Walking into the camp, tents one after another were placed neatly in rows, separated into different camp areas. Between each area, the drains were already dug.

Ouyang Shuo passed his horse to Wang Feng, and walked alone into the central big tent.

In the big tent sat 20 odd players, seeming a little cramped. Seeing Ouyang Shuo walk in, they all stood up to greet him. Ouyang Shuo smiled, nodded, and replied to each and every one of them. He also didn't forget to greet Bai Hua and Feng Qiuhuang.

Bai Hua helped get Ouyang Shuo out of the situation and smiled. “Wuyi, let me introduce you to the 20 players. They were chosen by Feng Wu and me. They agreed that in the final battle, their troops will be led by us."

Ouyang Shuo was stunned and immediately understood Bai Hua's words. These players still had their qualms and weren't like Feng Qiuhuang, who was willing to openly cooperate with the Shanhai Alliance. These people only wanted to borrow his status as the representative to obtain the initiative in battle. Only in the final battle would they follow his orders. Before that, everyone would do their own thing, and even their camps wouldn't be all in the same place.

Ouyang Shuo kept silent, as it seemed like his prior estimation was too positive. China had a saying that in china, 1/4 were dragons while the rest were bugs. Although these words were insulting, they also reflected that Chinese people wanted to be heroes and fought for their own benefits.

From this, one could see that only the alliance members were trustworthy. After this battle, a meeting should be called to accept Fallen Phoenix town into Shanhai Town. Since her attitude was so resolute, Ouyang Shuo had no reason to refuse such a strong ally.

After understanding their motives, Ouyang Shuo treated them impatiently and said, "Welcome to the Shanhai Alliance, as for the details, we will discuss them next time."

Ouyang Shuo's change in attitude was felt by all the people. Some of them looked embarrassed and some acted like they didn't care, so there were various reactions. Luckily it was already late, so after seeing Ouyang Shuo, they all said goodbye and left.

After sending off all these players, Ouyang Shuo returned back to the tent, gathered the 4 in the alliance, and easily opened a meeting. Everyone reported and discussed the matters that they had on hand.

Feng Qiuhuang did a summary of the twenty players and said, "Each of those players has 1-200 strong forces, and their overall force is 3500 men, mainly sword shield soldiers and bowmen. The specific numbers, I have just calculated. 2300 sword shield soldiers, 700 bowmen and 500 cavalry. Adding in our own original force, we now have 3000 sword shield soldiers, 1500 bowmen and crossbowmen, and 1000 cavalry for a total of 5500 people, taking up the majority of Yellow Emperor's camp force

s."

Ouyang Shuo nodded. He didn't feel any delight and laughed bitterly."Such a small number of forces split into 20 hands. When the time comes, whether we can form a collective power is a huge question mark. These people might agree now, but once changes happen in the battlefield, they might change and desert us. The way I see it, the 2000 of us must form a collective power. As for the players that have thrown themselves to us, we must evaluate them and allow only those that are reliable to join our forces."

Feng Qiuhuang and Bai Hua nodded together and said, "No problem, leave this to the both of us."

Towards the two of them, Ouyang Shuo had the utmost confidence, continuing, "Out of all these players, do any of them have any generals or strategist-type historical figures?"

The reason Ouyang Shuo asked that was because he had his own reasoning. The Chinese region had 20 king rank or higher summoning talismans, and based on the estimate rate, half would summon generals or strategists. Splitting into each camp, they would have 5-6. Shanhai Alliance had 3 spots, and deducting Wufu, there would be 1 or 2 left.

Feng Qiuhuang nodded. "Wow, it was really guessed by you. Qingyun Town has a historical general Chen Tang."

"Chen Tang?" Ouyang Shuo started to recall details regarding Chen Tang. For the past half a year, he had been reading up and replenishing his historical knowledge. As for the famous generals in each dynasty, he had a good understanding.

Chen Tang was the famous general of the Western Han. During the Han Yuan Emperor reign, he was the vice captain of the western region. He and Gan Yanshou had attacked Xiong Zhi, who had went against the West Han and had caused a stalemate from the north to the south. They stabilised the south and east frontiers of the Han Dynasty before attacking a 3000 mile stretch to destroy Xiong Zhi.

"People who insult me, however far I must go, I will punish them!" This was the letter that Chen Tang had written to the Hanyuan emperor. He was promoted to captain and worked in Zhonglang. He was further given the title of marquis, and passed away in Chang-An.

What was interesting was that this person had many problems, and his reputation wasn't good. When he was young, his family was poor and he relied on begging to survive. When his father passed away, he was waiting for the court to finish with the personnel allocation, and didn't go home and send his father off, failing his duty as a son. Not only did he not become an official, but he also got caught and locked up in jail.

Even in his most famous battle to destroy Xiong Zhi, he faked the emperor's orders and used the troops on his own. He was also greedy, loved money, and getting credit. He wasn't good at being an official and giving commands, so this was insulting to many people. Hence, his later years were sad and tough. However, the negatives couldn't wipe out all the positives, and no matter what, his military affairs were still out of the ordinary. His experience was vast, so he could be considered a great leader.



"If there's a chance, we can make contact with Qingyun Town." Ouyang Shuo said.

Feng Qinyang nodded her head to show that she understood his meaning.

Ouyang Shuo looked at Siege Lion and asked, "Do you have any news about Di Chen?"

Ouyang Shuo had specially ordered Siege Lion to pay attention to Di Chen before he had left for Yellow Emperor city.

Siege Lion shook his head and said helplessly, "So far we only know that they have set up camp on the east side of the city. As for how many people joined his camp, we do not know at the moment. As we can't use pigeon letters, even if someone wants to reveal news, it will be difficult to spread."

Ouyang Shuo nodded, It seemed that Di Chen has some capable people by his side, knowing to avoid the north and south sides of the city, and choosing the east side which was directly opposite to them. They also did a good job keeping it secret and not leaving any signs.

Ouyang Shuo said, "Seems like we still need to send out the Military Intelligence Division to explore. Without knowing what they are up to, I can't be at ease. On the other hand, we must also patrol our camp well and not let any of their people infiltrate it."

"That's right." Siege Lion agreed and nodded.

"The camp has already been built and starting from tomorrow we will split up and act. From the news that I've got today, the final battle doesn't seem to start anytime soon. Making use of this time, you can do some side quests. Maybe there will be shocking rewards."

"Has Brother Wuyi already gotten some quest rewards?" Bai Hua asked curiously.

Bai Hua was undoubtedly the player with the most acute senses, and Ouyang Shuo nodded."es, a small gift."

"Ya, we were busy in the camp and Brother Wuyi went to complete a quest, how biased!" Mu Lanyue pouted.

"Cough cough." Ouyang Shuo was speechless towards her innocence. "The main motive of me entering the came was to build a good relationship with the npcs. As for the reward, it was an unexpected surprise."

Mu Lanyue had just said this casually and didn't mean much. "Brother Wuyi, can you bring me tomorrow? It's so boring staying in the camp!"

"Sure." Ouyang Shuo agreed without much hesitation.

"Yea!" Mu Lanyue was happy like a victorious little fox.

Ouyang Shuo gave a forced smile and shook his head. After that meeting, everyone went back to their own tents and prepared to go offline.



* * *





Chapter 133




Chapter 133: TWO Chapter 133 - Battle of Zhuolu part 7

Chapter 133 - Battle of Zhuolu part 7

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Levs

The next day, after Ouyang Shuo went online, he started to train using the Yang Family Spearmanship Technique and the Bajiquan

"Wa, brother Wuyi is so handsome." Mu Lanyue suddenly walked over and purposely acted in awe and said.

Ouyang Shuo didn't bother about her and continued practicing on his own.

Not long later, Feng Qiuhuang, Bai Hua and the others got online and surrounded him curiously.

He could only helplessly stop practicing and ended his training early.

"Brother Wuyi's spear technique is simply superb, it's cultivation rank must be high right?" Feng Qinhuang tried to probe.

Ouyang Shuo did not try to hide anything and said generously, "That's right, it's the emperor rank cultivation technique Yang Family Spear, I got it luckily on the market a while ago." He turned his head to look at Mu Guiying and he laughed, "This spear technique has the same origin as General Mu."

Mu Guiying appeared out of sorts, it had probably touched an old sad memory, she kept quiet and did not reply.

"Sister!" Mu Lanyue walked over to Mu Guiying, seemingly worried.

Mu Guiying jolted to her senses and regained her composure. She rubbed Mu Lanyue's head and laughed, "I'm fine."

Seeing that the atmosphere was getting a bit down, Siege Lion jumped out and hollered, "Aren't we going to do missions in the city today? Any beauty willing to form a team with me?"

Bai Hua and her sisters shook their heads with a tacit understanding.

"Why? My heart is going to break." Siege Lion said with much exaggeration.

Ouyang Shuo laughed at Siege Lion who was trying to liven the mood, "Today let's go by ourselves. I hope every one will have a good reward. Yueyue let's go."

"Okay." Mu Lanyue's emotions came fast and disappeared fast, becoming happy in an instant.

……

Walking into the Yellow Emperor city once again, apart from Wang Feng, there was another follower by his side.

"Brother Wuyi, where are we going to accept the mission?" Mu Lanyue asked like a curious baby.

Ouyang Shuo himself was thinking about the question. Out of all the important members of the Yellow Emperor camp, he didn't have anything on hand that they would please them. Just suddenly appearing would be difficult to achieve anything.

"Yueyue?" Ouyang laughed and called for Mu Lanyue like an old fox.

"Yes?"

"Do you want to go take a look at the palace?" The old fox took out a treat.

"Great, it's going to be fun!" The little fox took the bait.

"Let's go!"

……

In front of the palace doors was the guard from yesterday, upon seeing Ouyang Shuo he asked, "Do you want to see her majesty again? I'll report."

Ouyang Shuo shook his head and smiled, "No, we came today to see the Yellow Emperor."

The guard froze for a while and said, "Sure, please wait a while."

After the guard left, Mu Lanyue looked at Ouyang Shuo with worship, "Brother Wuyi, you are so amazing, even the guard of the palace treats you so respectfully."

"It was because I came yesterday so he recognized me." Ouyang Shuo said helplessly.

The guard came back quickly and said, "The king will see you now!"

Ouyang Shuo nodded and followed the guard into the palace once again. On the way, Mu Lanyue looked around, and seemed really interested in the wild era palace. As

this was a normal thing, Ouyang Shuo did not stop her.

This time, the Yellow Emperor chose to meet Ouyang Shuo in the main hall which was several times bigger and grander than the side hall. On the floor were dark grey rocks and its surface had flower patterns.

Walking into the main hall, there were 4 steps, at the two sides stood two guards with long spears. In front of the steps was an oval shaped wooden door similarly with flower patterns and showed the construction knowledge of the ancestors.

Across the oval door was the main hall. There were 3 small tables on the side which were very low, Ouyang Shuo guessed that one needed to sit crossed legged, it already had the courtesy of the business era.

In front of the two main halls were two steps and on top was the throne of the Yellow Emperor, behind it was a picture which looked grand and mysterious and filled with wild energy.

Seeing such a situation, even the energetic Mu Lanyue quieted down.

The emperor sat on the throne, he was wearing a black robe and a tiger skin belt strapped around his waist. On his back hung a black cape and there was a wolf tooth necklace around his neck, the middle of which was a black stone. Apart from that, there was no other jewelry.

He had bronze skin, a high wide face, thick eyebrows big eyes, his face lines were extremely tough, thick beard, loose hair, and was full of male masculinity.

"Representative Qiyue Wuyi (Mu Lanyue), greets his majesty!" Ouyang Shuo and Mu Lanyue bowed down, as for Wang Feng he was stopped by the guards outside of the main hall.

"No need!" The yellow emperor used a voice filled with charisma and said, "Yesterday, my wife told me about you and today you came to see me, do you have anything to report?"

"Sire, as the representative, I should tell you about the status of the player troops. Hence I came here to report to sire." Ouyang Shuo said, even he felt that his words were full of lies.

The Yellow Emperor nodded happily, "Not bad, it's not everyday that there's someone who is so smart."

"The player force has 8000 people and I can move 2000 anytime. In the final battle I can move 5000 and the remaining 3000 aren't ruled by me. The troops are mainly sword shield soldiers, there are also archers and cavalry." When Ouyang Shuo reported, he didn’t forget to leave some bait.

"How's your battle strength?"

"I won't dare to say for others but my 2000 men are strong warriors and are ready to fight for sire." This kind of sucking up made Ouyang Shuo embarrassed, even Mu Lanyue at the side couldn't help but snicker.

Although it was sucking up, but everyone liked to hear it. "Good, since it's like that I have 2 missions for you, are you willing to accept?"

"I'm willing to risk my life for sure!" Ouyang Shuo hollered in delight.

Mu Lanyue's mouth was agape, she didn't dare believe, "This, you got a mission by doing this?"

Ouyang Shuo didn't care about her and checked the system notification.

"System Notification: Congratulations player Qiyue Wuyi for activating D rank side quest [sending a letter].

“Mission Background: The main battle is upon us, the Yellow Emperor has started to gather the various tribes.

“Mission Requirement: rush to the Fire Emperor camp and tell him to get his troops to gather in Yellow Emperor city. Mission rewards: 200 merit, 400 war contribution points."

"System Notification: Congratulations player Qiyue Wuyi for activating B rank side quest [Investigation] (can be shared).

“Mission background: The Yellow Emperor wants to understand the situation in Chiyou camp.

“Mission Requirement: make your way to Chiyou stronghold and investigate his military situation. Mission rewards: 400 merit points, 1600 war contribution points."

Before waiting for Ouyang Shuo to recover, a string of battle notifications sounded.

"Battle Notification: Player Qiyue Wuyi has activated a side quest, officially activating the battle contribution leaderboard, players please take a look.

“Reminder: There are three ways to obtain Battle contribution points, first is to complete side quests, second is to kill enemies and third is overall performance.

"Battle Report: Battlefield killing contribution points will be calculated as follows: Kill a normal soldier from the enemy camp, reward 10 contribution points; kill a normal officer, reward 100 contribution points; kill an important General from the enemy camp, reward 1000 contribution points; kill enemy camp leader, reward 20000 contribution points."

"Battle Report: Overall contribution calculation is as follows: After the battle, based on their overall performance, the contribution to the style and the help to the camp, calculation would be done and an extra contribution point will be tabulated."

"Battle Report: After the battle, Contribution points will be converted to merit points in a 10:1 ratio. Apart from that, based on the leaderboard, the 1st will be rewarded 4000 merit points, the 2nd 3000, the 3rd 2000, the 4th to 10th deducting 200 for every spot, from 11th to 20th 500 points; 21st-30th 400 points;31st-40th 300 points; 41st-50th 200 points;51st-100th 100 points; no rewards for anyone after the 100th position."

This kind of reward system was a typical pyramid with those at the top getting better rewards and the difference widens as the positions drop, forcing players to try their best. Under such a system, the huge disparity in rewards would further increase the differences in strength between the lords, causing the big winners to be able to increase their ranks faster than the others, thence, they could bring more soldiers into the battlefield the next time.

This type of system was a negative cycle for weak players. Alternatively, for the strong players it was a positive cycle. It was the typical jungle where the strong survive and the weak are eliminated.

After the battle reports, Ouyang Shuo heard more system notifications.

"System Notification: Congratulations player Qiyue Wuyi for activating battle contribution leaderboard, rewarded 500 contribution points."

Wow that was a pleasant surprise. However, 500 contribution points was only 50 points. To his current rank, it was just a minute amount.

In the first battle the number of troops were limited, hence to obtain contribution points through battle was also limited unless you killed their general or their leader. To get great rewards, one had to rely on the rewards from the leaderboards. If one could get into the TOP 3 the rewards were fabulous.

Talking about that, in the future wars, there will be 100s of thousands of soldiers so obtaining contribution points from killing enemies will become a viable option, it might even exceed the reward from the leaderboards.



* * *





Chapter 134




Chapter 134: TWO Chapter 134 - Battle of Zhuolu part 8

Chapter 134 - Battle of Zhuolu part 8

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

Ouyang Shuo opened the battle contribution leaderboard only to see himself alone and lonely with 500 points. Behind him were just a string of blank spaces waiting to be filled up.

The activation of the battle contribution leaderboard signaled the start of the Battle of Zhuolu.

At this moment in time, Di Chen had just went online only to hear the battle report. He fumed. "That brat got ahead once again. How is his luck always so good?"

"He was just lucky." Sha Pojun who was standing by his side said.

"No matter what, after this battle is over I will immediately apply to upgrade to a grade 1 city. We will see how he reacts then." Di Chen said coldly, memories of what had happened during the auction still fresh in his mind.

"Wouldn't that be too rushed?" Juedai Fenghua frowned.

Di Chen shook his head. "We can't wait anymore. Any longer and Shanhai Town will also apply to upgrade. At that point it would be too late to regret. This time we must crush that arrogant Qiyue Wuyi. If not, how will we survive in the Chinese server?"

Juedai Fenghua kept quiet. The way she saw it, Di Chen was ruffled by Qiyue Wuyi and was like he was being possessed by a devil, not listening to any of her advice or warnings. This was not a good sign.

……

Ouyang Shuo walked out of the palace, and he searched for the others who were still looking for quests in Yellow Emperor city.

"Wuyi, have you received a quest?" Bai Hua asked.

Ouyang Shuo nodded. "That’s right. I got two quests which are to deliver a letter to the Fire Emperor tribe as well as to investigate the Chiyou tribe. The B rank branch quest [Investigation] can be shared, so we can complete it together."

"That's great. We walked around the village but couldn't get anything." Bai Hua laughed.

Ouyang Shuo opened the quest menu and activated the sharing of the quest.

"System Nnotification: Please select players to to share the B branch quest [Investigation]. Reminder: You cannot share with more than 5 people."

"Bai Hua, Feng Qinhuang, Mu Lanyue and Gong Chengshi."

"System Notification: Shared to 4 people, after completing the mission, the person who started the quest will get 50% of the rewards while the rest will get 5% each."

This was the benefit of the quest sharing. Although his rewards were cut in half, adding the team rewards, the rewards became more instead. If the completion rate of the mission was high enough, there would be additional bonuses.

"This investigation quest will be led by Hong Ying and Gong Chengshi. I will arrange a scouting team and a cavalry team to help." Ouyang Shuo said.

"You won't go take a look yourself?" Gong Chengshi asked doubtfully.

Ouyang Shuo shook his head. "No, with you and Hong Ying I'll have no worries. I also need to go deliver a letter to the Fire Emperor."

"Okay,"

After discussing who would lead the mission, Ouyang Shuo left Bai Hua and Feng Qiuhuang to continue to look for more missions in Yellow Emperor City while he brought Gong Chengshi and Mu Lanyue back to the camp.

After returning to camp, Ouyang Shuo explained simply to the secretary of Military Intelligence Song San and the captain of the 2nd cavalry squadron Sun Tengjiao, telling them to work together with Hong Ying and Gong Chengshi to complete the mission.

As for Ouyang Shuo himself, he brought Mu Lanyue and the first cavalry squadron towards the Fire Emperor tribe.

The Fire Emperor tribe w

as located west of Taixing mountain, which was 10 kilometers away from Yellow Emperor City. Between the two cities were no roads and was full of wild grass, making it very hard to travel. It took him four and a half hours to get to the Fire Emperor camp. Luckily on the way there, they didn't meet any spies or troops from the Chiyou tribe.

The Fire Emperor's building style was similar to the Yellow Emperor’s. Ouyang Shuo reached the city door only to be stopped by the guards who warned, "Who are you? State your name."

Ouyang Shuo shouted, "I am the representative Qiyue Wuyi and am here under the orders of the Yellow Emperor to deliver a letter to the Fire Emperor."

The guards didn't relax and said, "Do you have any proof?"

Ouyang Shuo got off the horse and passed his wooden tablet over.

The guard took the tablet and after taking a glance, not knowing how he recognised if it were real or fake, said, "The tablet is real. You can enter. However, the troops you brought in can only wait outside the city."

Ouyang Shuo nodded to show that he understood. This was already a usual practice and thus he was not surprised by it. He turned around and told the first squadron captain Li Mingliang, "Captain Li, find a safe place to set up camp. Based on the time it took us to get here, I don't think we can get back in time and will have to spend the night here."

"Roger that!"

Ouyang Shuo brought Mu Lanyue and Wang Feng, and followed behind the guard into the Fire Emperor camp.

As this was a letter from the Yellow Emperor, the guard didn't dare to be careless and led them directly to his palace to meet him directly.

Compared to the Yellow Emperor City palace, the Fire Emperor's palace was more pure. The Fire Emperor tribe was a very big tribe in Shennong, even when it weakened, losing to both the Yellow Emperor tribe and the Chiyou tribe. Such a palace that was built a long time ago, however, wasn't something that the Yellow Emperor tribe could compare against.

After receiving the guard's report, the Fire Emperor was waiting in the main hall to meet the messenger Ouyang Shuo.

The Fire Emperor, who was sitting on the throne in the main hall, looked relatively older around 40-50 years old. Compared to the young and strong Yellow Emperor, he looked old. The Fire Emperor tribe treated fire with respect and hence most wore dark red linen clothing. As for how they dyed it, no one knew.

Compared to the Yellow Emperor, the Fire Emperor was very handsome, and it was easy to imagine what he looked like when he was young. His hair was neatly combed and he was cleanly shaven. It was apparent that compared to the Yellow Emperor, the Fire Emperor paid more attention to his image.

On his forehead hung a chain with a long jadestone. Although one could see his white hair, and even his mustache had turned white, he looked very energetic, especially his eyes which were brimming with energy. The once king-level figure was still trying his best to keep his dignity and protect his tribe.

On the left side of the main hall sat a 30 odd year old woman. She wore a black linen dress and her long hair extended beyond her shoulders. On her chest hung white jewelry made of an unknown material, on top of which was also a huge jade tablet.

What was most obvious was the paint on her face. It was mostly black, with white to complete it at her temple and jaw areas. The painting on her temple was like an arrowhead, and it faced downwards splitting into 3 parts. The one at her jaw was like a ribbon, the middle was 5 circles, four black ones on the top and bottom, and a red one in the middle, looking very mysterious.

Ouyang Shuo guessed that this woman was the witch of the tribe, her position only lower than that of the Fire Emperor.

"Representative Qiyue Wuyi (Mu Lanyue), greets the Fire Emperor." Ouyang Shuo and Mu Lanyue bowed.

"No need. Yellow Emperor sent you here for what reason?" The Fire Emperor said warmly and politely.

Ouyang Shuo took out the letter and said politely, "The battle is coming and Yellow Emperor requests for Fire Emperor to assemble the troops and gather with the main force in Yellow Emperor City. This was the letter he penned personally."

Ouyang Shuo passed the letter to one of the servants at the side.

The Fire Emperor took it from the servant and opened it. After keeping silent for a while, he said, "I understand his intention. I will gather my troops tomorrow and meet in Yellow Emperor City. You can follow us back."

"Thank you your majesty!"

In Ouyang Shuo and Mu Lanyue's ears sounded the mission completion notification.

"Congratulations player Qiyue Wuyi for completing the D ranked branch quest [Sending a Letter]. Rewarded 200 merit points, 400 battle contribution points."

Because this mission was accepted by both Ouyang Shuo and Mu Lanyue, it wasn't counted a shared mission. Hence, both of them got the same rewards. With this, Mu Lanyue became the 2nd player to enter the leaderboard, making her laugh in glee.

Just at that moment, behind the main hall ran out a 7-8 year old girl who was smaller than Yellow Emperor tribe's Xuanyuan Mei but even prettier. She had a pair of captivating eyes and exquisite facial features, looking like a well-behaved girl. She wore a flower wreath on top of her head and wore a pair of red shoes, making her look very beautiful.

"Nuwa, did you not see that father is meeting guests?" When Fire Emperor saw the girl, he acted like he was angry.

She was totally not afraid of the Fire Emperor and ran in front of him and sat on his leg, grabbing his beard and said, "Father, you didn't play with me."

Towards his daughter, the Fire Emperor doted on her, saying helplessly, "Father is very busy. I will play with you later, so be nice."

She turned around and looked at Ouyang Shuo, saying angrily, "You are a bad person, snatching my father."

To this person who left her mark on legends, how could Ouyang Shuo be angry. He took out a cloth doll from his storage bag and said, "I'm sorry I made princess angry. I have a gift to give to you. I hope you won't be angry anymore."

Seeing the doll, her eyes opened wide. She had never seen such an exquisite toy and immediately fell in love with it.

What made him surprised was that she didn't run to grab the gift and instead tuned to the Fire Emperor. From this we could see that her degree of maturity was much higher than that of Xuanyuan Mei.

Seeing her father nod, Nuwa happily jumped off her dad and ran to Ouyang Shuo to take the doll. "You are a good person, Nuwa will forgive you."

Ouyang Shuo smiled. "As long as princess likes it."



* * *





Chapter 135




Chapter 135: TWO Chapter 135 - Battle of Zhuolu part 9

Chapter 135 - Battle of Zhuolu part 9

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Levs

After Nuwa received Ouyang Shuo's gift, a system notification sounded out in his ear.

"System Notification: Congratulations player Qiyue Wuyi for obtaining a favourable impression from Nuwa, activating C rank side quest [Salvation].

“Mission background: The Fire Emperor is about to embark for Yellow Emperor city. Nuwa took the chance to secretly go out of town to the Hutuo river on the west side of the Fire Emperor camp. Unfortunately, she drowned.

“Mission requirement: Protect Nuwa and return her back to the Fire Emperor camp safely.

Mission rewards: 300 merit points, 800 battle contribution points."

Ouyang Shuo was stunned, he didn't expect the story of Jingwei Reclamation to appear in such circumstances. There were many rumors about the Jingwei Reclamation in real life although one knew that even though most were fake and made up, but they were able to touch one’s heart and soul.

Legends had it that the Sun God Fire Emperor had a daughter named Wa who wasn't of age. Everyone called her Nuwa. The Fire Emperor controlled the sun and every morning he had to go to the East Sea to command the sun to rise and only returned home after the sunset.

Nuwa was a well behaved kid and when her Father wasn't at home, she would play by herself. She often wore a pair of red shoes and ran in the wilderness, placing many flowers into her hair and dressing up prettily.

She looked at the red hot sun rising from the east, happily bathing in its sunlight and admiring the scenery around her. All living things grew under that light and the birds celebrated, making her feel proud because the warmth and light was brought by her Father.

Sometimes, she would go to the fields near the East Sea to look at the sunrise. When she saw the rays of light spreading everywhere and the red sun jumping out of the sea, she was delighted. She always wanted to go to the East Sea, the place where the sun rose, unfortunately she was too young and the Fire Emperor couldn't bring her there. This was because the place where the sun rose was billions of miles away from the East Sea and that place was very hot, children couldn't bear it.

Nuwa was angry because of that. One time she didn't listen to her father and after he left, she jumped into the East Sea and swam towards the sun. She swam and swam, soon finding that it was getting harder and harder. Suddenly, a wave struck and swallowed Nuwa up.

Nuwa sank into the east sea and never returned.

However, her soul didn't die and she hated the waves in the ocean. Her spiritual animal was a little bird which had wild flower patterns on its head and had red claws, she vowed to reclaim the East Sea.

To strengthen her power, the Jingwei bird bred with swallows, letting her spirit and goal pass down generations after generations to continue her work until she reclaimed the ocean. The children that they gave birth to, the males looked like Jingwei and the females looked like swallows.

The Jingwei bird never stopped and took rocks and twigs, throwing them into the East Sea. Every day, night, even when there were thunderstorms, they would travel through the rain. Sometimes, when they were too close to the water, the waves would swallow them, but they did not rest because they knew there will be new Jingwei birds to continue the mission.

The Jingwei Reclamation stunned the gods. The Water God admired the spirit of the Jingwei birds, thus he called down a flood which washed the mud and sand from the highlands into the sea, turning the sea water into a muddy yellow. Hence people started to

call the yellow part of the East Sea the Yellow Sea.

When the sea found that it really was going to be reclaimed, it took measures and using the tides, pushed back the sand and mud to the shore. This formed the tideland and as it thickened and grew larger, humans boxed it up and made it into farmland.

The people wouldn't forget that this land was made by the works of Jingwei birds and thus taught their children and grandchildren that they must love birds, protect them and learn from their spirit, striving hard towards one's goals.

As for the legendary little girl, Ouyang Shuo felt very sad and pained for her. Since he took the quest, naturally he would make arrangements to ensure that nothing happens.

……

It was already 3pm when Ouyang Shuo came out from the Fire Emperor tribe palace. This trip was really special. Not only did he see the Fire Emperor of legends but also met with Nuwa. Who knows, he might actually change her destiny.

"Brother Wuyi, what will we do next?" Walking around in the camp, Mu Lanyue asked.

Ouyang Shuo didn't have any plans and said causally, "Let's just walk around, it wasn't hard to get here so let's see if we can get any side quests."

"En."

Unfortunately, Ouyang Shuo had used up all of his good fortune as until 5PM, they didn't find any quests. They had no choice but to leave the Fire Emperor camp and go to the campsite outside the city.

At this point in time, Li Mingliang had already brought the cavalry squadron and built the temporary camp. As it was only for a night, naturally it wasn't as well planned as the camp outside the Yellow Emperor city.

It even forced Mu Lanyue to share the same tent with Ouyang Shuo. Luckily players did not need to actually sleep in the game and could go offline and rest.

As the time ratio between the battle map and main map was 10:1, and the ratio of the real map to real time was 1:1, this resulted in the time when players get offline not being the morning of the next day.

For example, 2 days have passed in the battle map but it had only been 4 hours in reality. This meant that it was 1am in the morning when Ouyang Shuo woke up in the game cabin. In reality, he could only rest for an hour before going online again as it would be the next day in the battle map.

In the last life, many players didn't pay attention to the speed of time and wasted 8-9 hours in the real world before going back online, only finding out that 3-4 days had passed.

To maintain such a battle map with such a time speed difference, it took up a lot of capacity and running power. Hence it wasn't suitable to use on the main map. Even this battle map would be shut down the moment the quest ended.

He was a little hungry so he went to the kitchen to cook up a bowl of noodles. With his culinary skills, even simple noodles was well made and delicious.

At this time, Sun Xiaoyue suddenly walked out from her room, scaring Ouyang Shuo.

"Why are you awake at this time?" Ouyang Shuo asked.

Sun Xiaoyue who had just got out of the game cabin was still a little blur, "Going to the toilet.

"Wow it's so fragrant, you are making me hungry."

Ouyang Shuo shook his head at this food monster, "You go to the toilet first, I'll cook another bowl for you."

"Thanks!" Sun Xiaoyue said in glee.

After it was cooked, Sun Xiaoyue ate and asked at the same time, "Why are you up at this time?"

"The Battle of Zhuolu, have you heard about it?"

"Of course, such a big news, who wouldn't know. You joined?"

Ouyang Shuo nodded, "Yes. The time speed in the battle map and main map is different so I must go online soon."

Sun Xiaoyue didn't give up the chance to tease him and asked curiously, "Not bad, having the power to join the Battle of Zhuolu. There's only 100 lords in China that can join right? Tell me the truth, what's your name in the game?"

Ouyang Shuo shook his head, he wasn't dumb so why would he tell her.

"... It's fine if you don't tell me..." Sun Xiaoyue grumbled, but her mood changed quickly and asked, "Is the battle map fun? The wilds, have you seen Fire Emperor or the Yellow Emperor?"

Ouyang Shuo nodded and said, "Yes, not only them but also Leizu and Nuwa. Their scenery and architecture are really amazing."

Sun Xiaoyue's face showed a lot of envy and jealousy.

After supper, it was just the right time to go back online.

In the tent, Mu Lanyue was still sleeping. He had reminded her before so he naturally did not worry that she will miss the time.

Walking out of the tent, the Fire Emperor camp not far away had started gathering the troops.

The Fire Emperor had moved 30 thousand troops with warriors as the main unit using weapons made out of stone. There were many different types like axes and spears. These weapons were ancient but their killing ability were still very strong. Apart from that, there was a small group of archers using the most basic wooden bow.

Li Mingliang walked up and said, "Sire, the Fire Emperor sent someone to tell us that they are leaving at 9AM and told us to get ready."

Ouyang Shuo nodded, "Mingliang, I have a mission for you."

"Sire please say."

"The Fire Emperor has a daughter called Nuwa. In these few days bring a few soldiers that are good in water and stay behind in the Fire Emperor camp. If you see her sneak out follow her immediately and protect her safety. Do you understand?" Ouyang Shuo said seriously.

Li Mingliang was puzzled and didn't understand how he could guess and foresee other people's movement. As respect and trust in him, Li Mingliang didn't ask and said, "Don't worry sire, I will get it done."

"That's good. After completing the mission, return to Yellow Emperor city and gather with the main force. The way I see it, the main battle is a week away."

"Understood."

At that time Mu Lanyue walked out of the tent, "Brother Wuyi are we leaving? It’s so noisy everywhere."

"Yes, we are leaving soon!"

"Great!"

Ouyang Shuo ordered his troops to pack up the tents and rush to meet up with Fire Emperor's forces. When he saw them, he didn't say anything, just asking them to join in.



* * *





Chapter 136




Chapter 136: TWO Chapter 136 - Battle of Zhuolu part 10

Chapter 136 - Battle of Zhuolu part 10

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun

2 PM in the afternoon, Ouyang Shuo followed the Fire Emperor army and returned to Yellow Emperor City.

The Yellow Emperor led his group of officials and welcomed the Fire Emperor. Ouyang Shuo didn't join in their greeting and left on his own towards the camp site.

On the way back, Ouyang Shuo received a notification that the other side quest [Investigation] had been completed, and he was rewarded 200 merit points and 800 battle contribution points.

In the camp, the meeting tent.

"What’s the situation with the Chiyou tribe?" Ouyang Shuo asked.

Siege Lion looked towards Hong Ying and said, "Their camp is split into three parts: mainly the Chunqiu Union, Blood Metal Union and the rest. Out of which the strongest is the Chunqiu Union with 5000 people under them. The Blood Metal Union depends heavily on Zhan Lang and has only 2000 men. The remaining forces formed up into a separate alliance of their own."

As for the player camp, Ouyang Shuo did not bother much. "What about the Chiyou tribe itself, what did you find out?"

"Because of the city gates, we had no way of entering the stronghold. Last night we kidnapped two of their guards and got some intel from them. Chiyou has 81 brothers, and each one of them is big and strong. They have around 80 thousand men with a large portion of them warriors using copper weapons. Compared to the stone weapons that Yellow Emperor tribe was using, they were much more advanced." Siege Lion said.

Ouyang Shuo nodded. Compared to the martial law in Yellow Emperor City, it was not hard to imagine the situation in the Chiyou stronghold. When he received the system notification and found that he’d only received the basic reward, he knew that the completion rate wasn't high. He didn't dwell on the problem and told everyone about what he heard and saw at the Fire Emperor camp.

Within this period of time, Bai Hua and Feng Qinhuang had gotten some side quests in the city, but they were all E rank with limited rewards.

During their casual conversation, Bai Hua suddenly laughed. "Wuyi, guess what happened? This morning Di Chen went to the Yellow Emperor, asked for food, and got rejected."

"He deserves it." Siege Lion laughed sinisterly.

"Did the other players all start to lack goods? Do they know about us having army grain pills?"

"That's right, as you predicted, most players forgot about the preparation of supplies and thought the main camp would settle it for them. Those players that were willing to cooperate with us want us to lend them some army grain pills, how do you see it?" Bai Hua asked.

Ouyang Shuo laughed. "That's simple, only the players who agree to let us command their forces will be helped by us. If not, they can go hunt themselves."

"Wouldn't it be a case of daylight robbery? It wouldn't make them happy, and it will be bad for future cooperation." Bai Hua hesitated.

Ouyang Shuo shook his head. "Cooperating with them was only a business deal, after the battle we wouldn't count on working together again. As long as we don't form an union, everything is fake."

"Ok, we will follow your decision."

……

In the next 4-5 days, there were many small and medium sized tribe leaders who brought their forces to gather in Yellow Emperor City. Based on the size of the tribe, a medium sized tribe brought 2000 men, a small one brought 4-5 hundred, sometimes close to 1000. Regardless of tribe, they all tried their best to fight for their race. From this, one could

see how much pressure and threat the Chiyou tribe posed to the Fire Emperor and Yellow Emperor alliance.

Those medium and small sized armies had a total of 40 thousand men, and were all housed at the southern part of the city. As for the north, that was where the 30 thousand strong force of Yellow Emperor tribe stayed. Both of them protected separate sides against the threat from the Chiyou tribe.

At this period of time, Di Chen and his group were busy hunting and gathering food, not having time or energy to look for any missions. Only Ouyang Shuo's group benefited and found quest after quest. Especially after the medium and small sized tribes arrived, giving them a large number of quests. Ouyang Shuo arranged everyone to split up and make good use of the opportunity.

As for the Chiyou camp, they too had food shortages and theirs was even worse. On this side, it was a city that was built for a long time and they had some food stored up, giving players the chance to exchange for some. However over at their side, the stronghold was just formed and little food was gathered so the players were all on their own.

At this time, Xunlong Dianxue showed his crazy nature and swept all the side quests in the Chiyou camp, the battle contribution points that he got were even more than what Ouyang Shuo got, making everyone envy him.

With that, the whole battle contribution leaderboard was pretty much all Shanhai Union members. The influence of the union was deeply rooted and difficult to shake.

Position: Name - Battle contribution points

1st: Xunlong Dianxue- 7500 points

2nd: Ouyang Shuo- 4200 points

3rd: Feng Qiuhuang- 2400 points

4th: Bai Hua- 2200 points

5th: Mu Lanyue- 1800 points

6th: Siege Lion- 1400 points

7th: Huo Hua- 1000 points

8th: Xiongba- 800 points

9th: Zhan Lang- 600 points

10th: Di Chen- 400 points

Huo Hua was the lord of Qingyun Town which had the historical General Chen Tang. Under Ouyang Shuo's help she managed to thrive. The saddest was Chun Shenjun, who was the leader of the Chunqiu Union, and focused his energy on gathering food, not even making it on the leaderboard.

During this period, Li Mingliang succeeded in his mission. Muwa had sneaked out of the palace and went to play in Hutuor River. Luckily with Li Mingliang looking out for her safety, she was able to return safely. After Fire Emperor learned of the news, he specially rushed to Ouyang Shuo's camp to thank him.

……

On this day, Ouyang Shuo received a notification to make a trip to Yellow Emperor palace to join the military meeting. He knew that the final battle was imminent.

Walking into the main hall once again, it was filled. The Yellow Emperor sat on the throne with the Fire Emperor by his side. Although the Fire Emperor had been defeated by the Yellow Emperor in the Battle of Banquan and gave the position of leader to the Yellow Emperor, his position in the alliance was still very revered.

In the hall, on the left sat his important officials including Fenghou, Limu, etc. At the corner were the other medium-sized tribe leaders. As for the small tribes, they didn't have the rights to enter the meeting.

Seeing Ouyang Shuo walk in, everyone stared at him with curious eyes. Ouyang Shuo didn’t bother about them and chose to sit at the last seat on the right, not making a sound. The two emperors, upon seeing him walk in, nodded their heads in acknowledgment.

The Yellow Emperor glanced around the room and said, "Everyone, Chiyou is violent, greedy, and doesn't respectfully follow the road of a man. He led his troops to take control of the west to try to rise against me. With such danger, we must work together to fight him. I believe with all your help, we will definitely win. Feng Qing, report both camps’ current situations."

As the prime minister of the Yellow Emperor tribe, he was actually not even 30 and was very young. He was handsome and full of grace. His knowledge made him the think-tank of the emperor.

He stood up and after bowing to the two emperors said, "Yes your majesty. Apart from the player forces, we have 120 thousand. In terms of numbers, we exceed them, who only have 80 thousand. But their copper weapons are sharper than ours. However, our strengths shouldn't be comparable. They also came from afar, and their supplies is a tough question. They have started planting crops for food, and soon it will be the grain harvesting season. If we let them successfully harvest food, then this battle will be a long one. Hence we need to attack before they can harvest their supplies, destroying them while they are still lacking."

The Yellow Emperor nodded. "Your words are right, do any other people have something to say?" The Yellow Emperor purposely looked at the Fire Emperor.

The Fire Emperor understood and said, "I agree!"

"We agree!" The middle tribe leaders said.

The Yellow Emperor laughed happily. "Good, we will start the attack in 3 days. Representative Qiyue Wuyi, do you have any suggestions?"

Ouyang Shuo was stunned and didn't expect the Yellow Emperor to seek his advice. Luckily Ouyang Shuo had long before gotten used to such situations, and even when such an authoritative figure asked him, he wouldn't panic. He calmly got up and bowed to both of the emperors, saying slowly, "Your majesty, the country's big business I don't dare to intrude. I have one sentence, which is: as the representative of the players, I understand them. Although they have small numbers, their equipment is good and can't be underestimated. I suggest using our player forces to fight theirs during the battle."

The Yellow Emperor was stunned. The reason he’d asked was because Ouyang Shuo's previous performance gave him a deep impression, so he held a trying attitude. He didn't expect that Ouyang Shuo really had such a good plan and said, "Such a master plan, we will do as you say."

"Thank you your majesty!"



* * *





Chapter 137




Chapter 137: TWO Chapter 137 - Battle of Zhulou part 11

Chapter 137 - Battle of Zhulou part 11



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun



Before the army went out to battle, the Fire Emperor and Yellow Emperor tribe prepared a grand ritual ceremony.

The altar for the ceremony was set at the suburbs of the Yellow Emperor city and was made up of giant stone from a masonry. It was square in shape and 81 meters long with 5 levels, with the area slowly decreasing as it went up. At the southern part was the only staircase with a total of 80 steps, reaching the 4th level of the altar. At the two sides of the staircase were two giant cow skin drums.

The 4th level of the altar was the main ritual place, 4 huge torches were placed at each corner. Other than that, there were also two giant cow skin drums.

The 5th level of the altar was the most mysterious. It was 5 meters tall and in an octagon formation, each corner had a rock sticking out where talismans with words and patterns were written on.

Many flags of the various tribes were placed at the east and west side of the altar, while at the south side stood both the Yellow Emperor's and Fire Emperor's flags . Only the representative of the players, Ouyang Shuo, had the power to place the lord flag of Shanhai town on the north side.

After Ouyang Shuo placed down his flag, a system notification sounded.

"System Notification: Congratulations player Qiyue Wuyi, Shanhai Town flag has been blessed by the incensed flame of the altar of the Yellow Emperor tribe, an added effect is born- God's Protection (raise territory defense by 10%)."

Ouyang Shuo was delighted, asking Wang Feng who was standing by his side to remember to keep the flag and bring it back to the territory and hang it in the city gate tower.

Around the altar was a spacious empty land. The 50 thousand Yellow Emperor troops formed up south side of the altar. The Fire Emperor's 30 thousand troops formed on the west side of the altar. The other tribes' 40 thousand troops formed to the east and the 8000 players' troops formed to the north. An army of 100 thousand surrounding the altar made it look extremely majestic.

When the auspicious hour arrived, the ritual ceremony began. It was conducted by the Yellow Emperor tribe's witch and after the whole possession, it was already 9AM.

After which, the Yellow Emperor read the calligraphy insulting the Chiyou tribe.

Lastly was the dance ritual. The witch brought the women from the tribe who wore colorful dresses, danced witch dances, and chanted mantras. The soldiers started to dance their battle dance following the beat, looking grand and causing all the players to look on in awe.

Whether it was the witch dance or the battle dance, they were both very simple. It was just repeatedly swinging their arms and jumping from left to right. But through this, one could feel their strength and vigor, mysterious and violent; one could see their knowledge, easy but ingenious.

"Wow, it's really amazing!" Bai Hua said in awe.

"Yea, even if we didn't get any rewards, personally experiencing an old ritual ceremony was worth it." Feng Qiuhuang agreed.

Ouyang Shuo wasn't as sentimental as the two beauties. "You girls are happy like this? The good stuff is at the end."

As for his ignorance, the two beauties rolled their eyes at him.

……

After the ritual ceremony, the Yellow Emperor got all the troops and marched into the Zhuolu wilderness.

With the Yellow Emperor's force as the core, the Fire Emperor

's as the left wing, the other tribes as the right wing, and the players' forces at the right of the right wing.

The Yellow Emperor's army was split into different totems: bear, wolf, leopard, dragon, etc, driving beasts to the battle was their secret weapon.

As the player representative, Ouyang Shuo had the power to arrange the formation. He arranged the 2000 men from the Shanhai Union into the deepest part of the formation, the other 3000 men covering them, and Di Chen's forces at the most outer ring.

To be the deepest in looked the most dangerous, but it was good in close combat with the Chiyou tribe's forces and gaining battle contribution points. Alternatively, those at the sides would have to fight with the players in the Chiyou camp.

Although Di Chen gritted his teeth at Ouyang Shuo, he had no choice but to swallow his anger.

In ancient times, there weren't many tactics in war, basically just straight up fighting. The two sides chose a spot and formed up. After the orders were given, both would dash towards each other and fight. There was no trickery or deception in play.

At most they made use of the weather changes like storms or drought. Like how the Yellow Emperor tribe used the flood to destroy Chiyou city, knowing how to use the land area was considered the highest of tactics.

Chiyou stronghold was about 10 kilometers away from Yellow Emperor city, and when the other tribes gathered in the city, Chiyou knew. Such a big mobilization obviously couldn't escape the investigation of the Chiyou tribe.

With his temper, how could he bear such provocation? He immediately gathered his forces and rushed out of the Chiyou stronghold for a life or death battle with the two emperors.

Both sides had 200 thousand people who formed up along the Zhuolu Wildlands. In the end, the distance between both troops was only 1000 meters.

The Yellow Emperor stood on the chariot and hollered, "Chiyou, today will be the day you die!"

Chiyou didn't back down and shouted, "Yellow Emperor, don't be too arrogant. This battle will settle who is the leader of the wildlands. Get ready to surrender to me, maybe then I'll spare you your life."

The 81 brothers standing beside Chiyou laughed out loud and mocked.

The Fire Emperor couldn't stand it anymore. He raised his stone sword and swung it forward, screaming, "Kill!"

"Kill!"

Warriors from both side hollered as they charged towards each other. The short thousand meters was covered in less that 2 minutes. Blood and meat splattered, and the ground was stained red. Whoever viewed the fight from the sky would see that the two forces were colliding over many miles, so it was hard to differentiate between forces.

Compared to the basic warfare between the tribes, the battles between the players were much more tactical. The cavalry led the charge with the sword shield soldiers following behind. Even farther back were the archers.

When the two sides engaged, Ouyang Shuo paid attention. He ordered Zhang Liao to bring 500 cavalry, avoid the players' forces in front, and directly unleash them upon the Chiyou tribe, attacking together with the other tribes. He ordered Mu Guiying to arrange the archers to cover this group of cavalry.

This way, Di Chen brought his forces and fought neck and neck with Xiongba while Ouyang Shuo brought his forces and gained battle contribution points crazily. Even if they didn't kill players' troops they could still get battle contribution points.

The cavalry squad with elite equipment under the cover of both the allied tribes and the archers unexpectedly opened a hole in the left wing of the Chiyou formation. Especially the 50 heavy armored cavalry who were like an arrowhead, shredding any person in front of them. Lin Yi who led the charge was drenched in blood and looked like a devil that came out from hell.

The warriors of the Chiyou tribe could be termed as brave and ferocious, but how would any of them ever seen such a squad? After trying to fend them off, they were afraid and didn't dare to come near. Just like this, the 500 cavalry waltzed around the 20 thousand strong left wing of the Chiyou tribe, no one stopping them.

Seeing such a good opportunity, the Yellow Emperor made the decision to order Changxian to bring 5000 men to support the right wing and help destroy the left wing of the Chiyou tribe.

With Chang Xian's assistance. Zhang Liao's cavalry became more handy. Compared to Lin Yi, Zhang Liao's battle sense and battle reading were a level higher. He ordered his troops to not be greedy and make their main goal to destroy a large portion of the enemy. As long as they saw the enemy group up, they were to scatter them and not let them regroup.

Seeing Ouyang Shuo's troops killing and strutting their stuff, Di Chen and Chun Shenjun weren't idiots. With the internal battle between the players, although they could earn them battle contribution points, they lost far more. Both sides actually came to a mutual understanding and stopped fighting, leading their troops and charging towards the main forces, not bothering about much other than the contribution points.

Ouyang Shuo stood at the side, and upon seeing the situation, he shook his head. As expected, amongst the representatives of the strong powers, none of them were weak and stupid, how could he easily control and manipulate them? The reason he gained an advantage this time was only because he was the player representative.

Chun Shenjun and Zhan Lang led their men, and nicely blocked off Chang Xian's support. At that point, the battle reentered into a stalemate.

Since the players' troops had already stopped fighting, Ouyang Shuo ordered the rest to advance and aid the cavalry to kill the left wing of the Chiyou tribe.

The whole battlefield was like a chessboard, each piece closely relying on one another. Ouyang Shuo took the chance at the right wing, slowly causing a chain reaction and giving the Yellow Emperor tribe the initiative in the battle.

The troops of both sides killed for an entire day until nighttime, when they stopped and retreated.

The green wildlands were dyed red with blood. There were broken arms and legs everywhere, and broken axes and swords. Under the shine of the sunset, it appeared very majestic and grand.

Bai Hua and Mu Lanyue couldn't stand the blood and gore of the battlefield and had backed off. Even Ouyang Shuo, who had participated in several raider fights himself, found the scene hard to adapt to.

When retreating, Di Chen went passed Ouyang Shuo and said coldly, "Brother Wuyi, nice scheme, I respect that."

Ouyang Shuo smiled slightly. "Thank you for your praises. During the military meeting, I will tell the Yellow Emperor about your exploits."

Di Chen was stunned, only then did he remember that Ouyang Shuo had such power. He walked off without even turning his head.



* * *





Chapter 138




Chapter 138: TWO Chapter 138 - Battle of Zhuolu part 12

Chapter 138 - Battle of Zhuolu part 12



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun



Ouyang Shuo returned to the camp to listen to the casualty reports.

In the battle, although they had obtained the initiative, there were still many casualties. The 2000 men Shanhai alliance troops died 200, especially the cavalry that charged in front, they lost the most.

The 3000 allies troops also had many injuries and deaths. In the battle with the other players, there were 400 odd injuries and deaths. Some unlucky lords had lost all their troops.

Of course, the one that had mist casualties was Di Chen's 2000 men alliance troops as well as the 1000 men from the various lords. Di Chen had lost 400 men on his own and the various lords had lost nearly all of their troops. Those casual players fought alone and won't be cared for by the other players, in such a big battle, they were the best choice for cannon fodder.

After the battle, it was when the casual players realised that the battlefield was not a place where they could do as they wished. They went to find Ouyang Shuo and express that they were willing to accept Shanhai Alliance's command and reorganisation.

Ouyang Shuo smiled and accepted all of them, adding them into the allied forces that had many casualties. As for his own force, he would definitely not allow these people to infiltrate.

At 6pm, Ouyang Shuo received a notification to ask him to the main tent to join in the military meeting.

In the main tent, the people seated were pretty much the same as during the last military meeting. However the only difference was that their gazes towards him were totally different. The player army displayed strong fighting strength that they were awed by.

The yellow emperor opened up," in today's battle, although we had the advantage, but their main troops were still unharmed and perfectly fine. If we want to destroy them it will be very difficult. Do any of you have any ideas?"

One of the middle sized tribe leaders stood up and said," your majesty, since our right wing got us our lead and destroyed their left wing, why not he continue to Attack their left wing and grab onto their weakness to deal the killing bro."

Ouyang Shuo was stunned and slightly shook his head.

The yellow emperor was actually paying attention to Ouyang Shuo and as he saw him shaking his head asked," Qiyue Wuyi, you did great today and I will reward you after the battle. As for the plan, how do you feel?"

Ouyang Shuo got up and bowed," your majesty. Today we destroyed their left wing and tomorrow they will definitely reorganise their troops to cover that up, not leaving any weaknesses."

The yellow emperor nodded," then what's your suggestion?"

"The enemy has a limited amount of troops and since they want to aid the left wing, it will definitely cause other places to weaken. The middle army is the core and won't be easily moved. The highest possibility is to use the right wing. If that's the case then we will have an opportunity. Hence I suggest that in the battle tomorrow, our right wing will focus on defense while cavalry will hide in the left wing and find a chance to destroy the right wing of the enemy. If both their wings are hurt, even if their core is fine, we will have the absolute advantage." Before Ouyang Shuo came, he had sought advice from Qianshou and this plan was what he told him. If not he would have suggested the same thing as that leader to totally destroy one side of the enemy.

"Genius idea!" Feng Hou hollered, he looked at Ouyang Shuo in amazement.

Yel

low emperor was pleased and he nodded," not bad, we attack where they are not prepared."

Ouyang Shuo had gained the recognition of the yellow emperor and said," another thing is that to prevent the chiyou tribe from copying our tactic today and attack our right wing, we have to warm our player force to defend against their player force, not giving them any chance."

At this time, Chang xian stood up and said loudly," your majesty, I have something to say."

"Please!"

"In the battle today I was ordered to lead 5000 troops to help the right wing. We originally had the chance to destroy their left wing. It was because their player force blocked me which wasted all our forces. The root cause was that our player force had failed. Hence with Qiyue Wuyi's suggestion, I agree. I suggest that we need to have a squad to keep a look out on the player force." The reason he said that was firstly it was the truth and secondly to make an explanation for his loss in the morning. Conveniently, it aided Ouyang Shuo in his goal. With this, be it Di Chen or Chun Shenjun, they had fallen right into his plan and couldn't escape.

In his heart, he was extremely annoyed by Di Chen's act today," we will follow what you suggested. Tomorrow you will lead 5 thousand men to help the right wing. One is to strengthen their defence and second is to monitor the player force and ensure that they follow orders."

"Yes sire!"

……

After the meeting, Ouyang Shuo happily returned to the middle big tent. He did a report about the meeting to Bai Hua and the others.

"Brother Wuyi you are so bad." Mu Lanyue giggled.

"How is it my fault, it was all Mr Gongyu's idea." Ouyang Shuo said innocently.

Mu Lanyue didn't care and teased," I don't care, you are bad."

Bai Hua joined in," if Di Chen knew that it was you, he will be angry to death."

"He deserves it." Sige Lion said with a face filled with gloat.

Only Feng Qiuhuang kept quiet and raised his head to look at Ouyang Shuo. Luckily she had chosen to join the Shanhai Union if not she wouldn't know what kind of bad situation she would be in.

Ouyang Shuo didn't bother about them and turned to Zhang Liao," General Zhang, the battle tomorrow bring the cavalry of our allies. We must break into their right wing without archer cover. It will be difficult so the troops must be ready for better."

"Sire don't worry." Zhang Liao was calm as usual.

Ouyang Shuo nodded and had nothing more to say.

……

The next day, the battle began again.

Just as Ju Shou had predicted, chiyou tribe had reinforced their left wing. As for the left route, with Zhang Liao in charge he was not worried.

Di Chen was nearby and looked towards Ouyang Shuo asking doubtfully," that's weird, why don't we see Shanhai Union’s cavalry unit."

Sha Pojun pouted and said," they might have looked so glamorous yesterday but the number of casualties were certainly not small. Based on what I see, Qiyue Wuyi felt pained and didn't let his cavalry fight."

Fenghua Juedai shook his head and said," Qiyue Wuyi is farsighted and maybe he has some scheme, we must defend against it."

"That's right." After several mistakes, Di Chen had started to treat Ouyang Shuo as a proper opponent and wasn't as arrogant as before.

"Take a look!" Wufu pointed at Chang Xian's forces which were rushing over and said," it seems like they purposely planned this, is it to monitor us?"

Di Chen was furious," this must be his scheme. He must have complained about us to yellow emperor during the military meeting."

Fenghua Juedai helplessly shook his head," this time we have no choice but to face the player forces head on. We have no choice but to accept our fate."

"Next time we definitely can't be in the Same camp as that fella." Di Chen said hatefully.

"Yes." Fenghua Juedai nodded in agreement.

Wufu was stunned, since when did Di Chen actually openly yield to Qiyue Wuyi. This wasn't a good sign and he was doubting if his decision to join was right or not.

Ouyang Shuo did not have the mood to care about what Di Chen thought as he was focusing on the military formation.

In the battle yesterday, the chiyou tribe had lost 10 thousand men. Even though fire emperor and yellow emperor alliance had the initiative, they too had lost 12 thousand men.

If not for Ouyang Shuo succeeding at the right wing, their casualty situation would have been much worst. Copper against stone, it wasn't difficult to see who wins.

This time neither yellow emperor or chiyou shouted and just straight away ordered the attack. The troops that had a night's rest screamed as they charged towards the enemy. Some got chopped up, some chopped up others, it was brutal.

Not long after the battle started, Chun Shenjun and Zhan Lang had worked together and joint their cavalry forces, copying what Ouyang Shuo did yesterday and attack the fire yellow camp's right wing.

Unfortunately, they were doomed to fail.

Ouyang Shuo ordered General Shi to use the sword shield soldiers to block at the front. The ones at the furthest front was the heavy armoured infantry who wore the infantry armor. At these same time, Mu Guiying led the bowmen and crossbowmen unit to start a rain of arrows to stop the cavalry's attack.

Not waiting for the cavalry troops to get close, they were already badly injured or dead. The light cavalry when facing the infantry who were led by General Shi, under the added help of this special level general, they couldn't proceed an inch forward.

At this time, Chang Xian's group had came to assist. As for Di Chen, under such a strong enemy how could they dare to play tricks and they had no choice but to try their best and fight against the player force of the enemy.

On the opposite side of the battlefield, Chun Shenjun looked on as his cavalry squad had faced problems, shaking his head. He said to Xiongba and Zhang Lang," it seems like we underestimated Qiyue Wuyi. Not only are their cavalry strong but his infantry is not any weaker, definitely a difficult opponent."

"Now what?" Wandering magic said.

"Zhan Lang, any ideas?" Chun Shenjun didn't make the decision and instead asked him for his opinion.

As the representative of the military, his understand of war was higher than that of others," since we can't break their right wing why not we give up on that thought and destroy their player force. I took a look and Qiyue Wuyi's cavalry is missing. His infantry needs to defend against our cavalry. With this, only Di Chen's army and other lords will be left, thus we have the absolute advantage."

Chun Shenjun's eyes brightened and said," ok we will follow what Zhan Lang said."



* * *





Chapter 139




Chapter 139: TWO Chapter 139- Battle of Zhuolu part 13

Chapter 139- Battle of Zhuolu part 13

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun



When the battle had reached its climax, Chun Shenjun and Zhan Lang made decisive changes to their formation.

Chiyou camp's 7 thousand sword-shield infantry and archers pushed forward and assaulted Di Chen's forces which were at the farthest corner. The difference in numbers, even if Di Chen had better equipment and experience, was too much for him to handle.

Seeing that they were about to collapse, Ouyang Shuo didn't leave them in the lurch and ordered the allied troops to assist. At the same time he requested assistance from Chang Xian. Ouyang Shuo understood the theory of if the lips die the teeth will start to feel cold.

Unfortunately, Chun Shenjun had changed their tactics too quickly, and once they realised that Ouyang Shuo's cavalry wasn't there, they immediately attacked Di Chen. When the troops led by Ouyang Shuo and Chang Xian reached to assist, it was too late and Di Chen's forces had been utterly destroyed.

Chun Shenjun was also very crafty. Once he saw that Ouyang Shuo and Chang Xian had come to assist, he didn't continue forwards to earn more credit but instead retreated. In an instant, the battle at the right wing went into a stalemate.

Di Chen was furious, bringing his 800 leftover force and backing down from the front lines. Luckily, Ouyang Shuo did not try to convince him. If not, one wouldn't know what Di Chen would have done.

Di Chen was depressed and he didn't know who to blame. Just blame Ouyang Shuo, but he not only blocked off the enemy cavalry and came in time to assist. If he didn’t he wouldn’t have been able to save his men. Or to blame Chun Shenjun, but since they were enemies, fighting was to be expected. He could only blame himself for being unlucky and getting a freak like Ouyang Shuo in the same camp, snatching his position as representative and causing him to be restricted.

Just when the right wing entered a stalemate, a new development happened at the left wing.

Just as Jushou had predicted, of Chiyou tribe's 70 thousand men, 40 thousand were in the middle to block against the Yellow Emperor's 50 thousand men. Its left and right wings both had 15 thousand men, the same as taking 3-4 thousand from the right wing to help the left wing.

With this, the 15 thousand strong right wing had to face the 30 thousand troops from the Fire Emperor tribe. However, the Chiyou tribe had the psychological advantage as in previous battles, the Fire Emperor tribe had been beaten time after time and had no choice but to request for help from the Yellow Emperor tribe.

Unfortunately, this norm was about to be broken. Just as both sides were exchanging blows, Zhang Liao led 800 odd cavalry and sneakily made a detour, cutting into the back of the Chiyou tribe.

The right wing of the Chiyou tribe never expected to meet the enemy cavalry at such a time. They didn't even have a decent shield, how could they defend against the attacks of the cavalry? This was especially true for their rearmost line which was mostly made up of archers. It was weak like paper, and was destroyed in an instant.

Especially the heavy armored cavalry at the front. No matter if they were spears or arrows hitting the Mingguang armor, they were like scratches. The cavalry pretty much killed whoever they saw.

Under the leadership of Zhang Liao, the cavalry went from left to right unpredictably. The Chiyou tribe could only watch on as their troops were unable to put up any defence.

Seeing that the cavalry had successfully broken through their defence, the Fire Emperor ordered his

backup troops to charge forward and to add pressure to the Chiyou tribe and to keep them busy to not be able to deal with the cavalry.

With this, the Fire Emperor's troops inched forward, and as the cavalry was slaying on the back lines, the two pushed the Chiyou tribe to a dangerous situation. They looked like they were slowly becoming food for the taking.

When Chiyou received the distress signal from the right wing, he knew instantly that his plan was seen through by the enemy and that they had made an arrangement just to counter that. Helplessly, he had no choice but to rush some troops down from the middle to help out. If the right wing was destroyed, this battle would become even more difficult.

One could only say that Chiyou had underestimated the strategy of Qianshou. The Yellow Emperor, who had received the news that the left wing had succeeded in their attack, had been focusing on the enemy’s central troops. Once he found out that they had made a move, he immediately ordered his troops to push forward, not giving the Chiyou any breathing space.

Although the warriors of the Yellow Emperor tribe were lacking in weapons, they were ferocious. With a general like Limu, they weren't underdogs in a straight up fight. Originally, they already had a 10 thousand men advantage, and now that the advantage had widened, Chiyou tribe's central forces were facing trouble.

Their moves weren't only those. The right wing that was forced to defend suddenly charged forward and turned defense into attack. They had twice the number of troops of the enemy. It was only because it was the troops from the other small and medium sized tribes did it not seem strong enough. As the tides of battle changed and victory came into sight, the various leaders’ blood boiled and they stopped commanding. Many of the leaders led their troops themselves and charged towards the Chiyou tribe.

Losing on three fronts, the Chiyou tribe was running the risk of getting trampled on.

The one that broke the deadlock was the left wing's cavalry. Zhang Liao seeing the enemy troops’ reinforcements, decided to command the cavalry to charge into them.

The leader of the reinforcements did not expect the enemy to be so daring and advance instead of retreat, and instantly lost his senses.

Zhang Liao naturally was still very calm as he knew that the enemy's right wing was messed up by him and were like flies without heads. If he allowed the reinforcements to meet up with the right wing, they could reorganize the forces and calm them down. With that, it would be impossible to rip apart their defenses by only relying on his 1000 men.

Hence, the key to victory was defeating the reinforcements. Only then, no matter how many troops there were, if they couldn't organize themselves, the cavalry would have the chance to advance and retreat as they pleased. This would also be good for the Fire Emperor army.

As expected, the reinforcements were destroyed by this bunch of devil-like cavalry. The right wing had started to collapse, and some soldiers started to run backwards. A chain reaction was caused by the total failure of the right wing. The Fire Emperor didn't give up this opportunity and chased forwards, biting after the enemy.

This failure slowly caused the collapse of the entire army. Even the prestige of Chiyou couldn't help stop troops from running away. He could only helplessly ask his troops to retreat. The question was, however, how many he could save.

The retreating Chiyou looked across and sighed. He knew that his dream of conquering the middle plains had been destroyed after this battle.

The Yellow Emperor obviously wouldn't allow him to leave like this. A portion of their military strength was left. If he didn't completely destroy them, Chiyou could rise up again, and that was something he didn't wish for.

The Yellow Emperor ordered his whole army to chase. This was the killing feast of the Yellow Emperor camp. Even Di Chen, who was at the back brought his injured force to the front. Facing the retreating Chiyou tribe, it was the best time to get some battle contribution points.

Only Ouyang Shuo was thinking straight and ordered a few troops to chase and others to stick to the Yellow Emperor.

Seeing Ouyang Shuo, the Yellow Emperor was delighted. "Player Qiyue Wuyi, today's victory is all on you. I will heavily reward you."

Ouyang Shuo, who was on the horse, said respectfully, "I wouldn’t dare presume. The victory is because of your majesty's prestige and your troops. I don't dare to take the credit."

Ouyang Shuo only wanted practical rewards, and as for such titles, he’d rather not accept as it would be easy to make enemies out of the other officials and tribe leaders.

The Yellow Emperor nodded and understood his meaning. In his heart he had already made the decision to reward Ouyang Shuo. He fully knew that the result today was because of Ouyang Shuo's contribution for the past two days. Even if he didn't say so himself, his various officials would recommend him to reward Ouyang Shuo to make up for his help.

Seeing the troops chasing towards him, Chiyou, who was retreating, was ruthless. He ordered a portion of them to stay behind to hold them off while he brought his main force away. Those that were left behind were pretty much abandoned and left to die.

At this time, one could see Chiyou's prestige and position in the tribe. The warriors who started retreating once they lost were ashamed and chose to accept the mission to die to protect their leader.

Chiyou said goodbye to them before picking up the speed to escape.

When he was a distance away, he quickly ordered the troops to set a fire to separate the chasing forces. The fire made use of the wind to spread quickly and covered all the trees and grass. However the wet grass couldn't make the fire bigger and instead they became smoke, which started to fog up the entire area.

Under the dense fog, the chasing forces had lost their directions. Helplessly, the Yellow Emperor could only order his troops to stop chasing and wait for orders.

He looked at the officials around him and said, "Who can break the fog?"

It was natural that he was so anxious. If he let them go and didn't chase up to them, not long after Chiyou would come back. As someone who loved his people, he couldn't let that happen. The way he saw it, a peaceful life where agriculture was improved was the right way. These battles between tribes had to stop.

The officials looked at one another. With such a fog, they were at a complete loss.



* * *





Chapter 140




Chapter 140: TWO Chapter 140 - Battle of Zhuolu part 14

Chapter 140 - Battle of Zhuolu part 14

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun



Just as everyone was at a loss, Ouyang Shuo spoke up. "Your majesty, I have an item that can break the fog."

The Yellow Emperor was delighted. "What item is it? Quick, quick, take it out."

Ouyang Shuo nodded and took out the south-pointing chariot and explained. "This item is called the south pointing chariot, and no matter how it turns, the wooden hand will point south. Before we leave, we just take note of the direction, and we can get past the fog."

"Is this item really so magical?" The Yellow Emperor had his doubts.

Ouyang Shuo confidently laughed and said, "Please try it and you will know."

The Yellow Emperor signaled Feng Hou who was standing at the side. She understood and tried out the south-pointing chariot. The outcome was obvious and it worked. The south-pointing chariot that Ouyang Shuo had been planning since he’d entered the game had finally been put to good use. This was a chess move that was planned so far in advance.

The Yellow Emperor was a really daring person, and upon confirming that it worked, he reorganised his troops and dashed into the fog with the guidance of the south-pointing chariot.

On the way, Bai Hua and the others stared at Ouyang Shuo like he was a monster. In the end she couldn’t help but ask. "Wuyi, how did you know that this battle would need the south-pointing chariot?"

Ouyang Shuo shook his head, as he knew that they would ask. "Actually, I wasn't sure. Ever since I knew that the first battle map was the Battle of Zhuolu, I looked up information of that specific battle. You all know that this battle was one of legends and any truth was immortalised, so any clue would be very minute and small. I made a conjecture and what interested me the most was actually that the Yellow Emperor was the one who invented the south-pointing chariot."

"It was apparent that at that time he had no ability to make it. It should’ve been done by his descendants who gave the credit to the Yellow Emperor. Then I thought that since it was recorded in history, maybe he was really trapped in fog only that they used a different method to break through. So I thought that if I was able to make a south pointing chariot, that it would come to good use in the battle. In the end the fog really did appear just that it wasn't caused by a volcano as legends said but by Chiyou."

Ouyang Shuo's words was obviously made up. He had the advantage of knowing the future and just prepared beforehand. However he couldn't tell that to them, so he just made up a white lie.

Listening to his explanation, everyone respected and envied Ouyang Shuo even more.

"Brother Wuyi is so amazing, I’m starting to worship you already." Mu Lanyue said in awe.

Bai Hua was also stunned and gave him a thumbs up. "Wuyi, incredible. To grab the chance from a small clue in history. The way I see it, your acute sense is similar to Xunlong Dianxue’s, that mission-crazy person.

Ouyang Shuo didn't want to stay on this topic and said, "Ok, you guys can stop praising me. The way I see it, once we get over the fog, there will still be another big battle.

"We will indeed."

……

Just as he said, under the guidance of the south-pointing chariot, they got out of the fog. Not far from them was the Chiyou tribe forces who were sitting down and rearranging themselves.

He couldn't believe that the enemy could so easily get out of the fog. Hence, Chiyou didn't worry and let his forces rest. He was still thinking after they were rested to counter at

tack and surprise them. Who would’ve thought that they would miraculously get past the fog? This was a huge blow, and all of the sudden the morale plummeted.

On the opposite side after crossing the fog, the troops were even more confident in the Yellow Emperor. They didn't know that the south-pointing chariot was given by Ouyang Shuo, and thought that it was the work of the Yellow Emperor himself.

The Yellow Emperor made the choice to not leave them any chances, directly ordering the troops to charge forward. The big battle started again, and this battle lasted to the dead of night when blood flowed like a river.

The Chiyou tribe defended and retreated at the same time, hoping to once again escape the destiny of being killed. The Fire and Yellow Emperor Alliance chased closely behind, wanting to exterminate all of them before stopping.

This battle lasted one whole day, and only when night came did both sides decide to stop. At that point, Chiyou tribe had less than 50 thousand people. The Fire and Yellow Emperor Alliance had over 100 thousand people. A few lords who didn't want to lose more men had already taken their troops and escaped. Since the Yellow Emperor's goal was Chiyou, he wouldn’t care if some of his troops deserted.

Under their influence, more and more players decided to sneak off in the dead of the night. In the end, only the Chunqiu Union and Blood Metal Union were left. Both added up to less than 4000 men. The only reason they’d stayed was to get more points and also to keep their position at the top 10 leaderboard. They also thought that maybe Chiyou would give them some quest. Hence, neither Chun Shenjun nor Zhan Lang could bear to just leave.

The Zhuolu Plains in the darkness was one location where no one dared to fight in. Not only could nobody see anything, but there were beasts who came out at night which made it even scarier.

Hence, they grouped up, started fires, and arranged people to keep lookouts. Only then could people be at ease and not get killed.

Even so, the Yellow Emperor didn't loosen his monitoring of the Chiyou tribe. As long as they made a move, he would instantly attack.

Luckily, Chiyou wasn't impulsive and both sides had an uneventful evening.

Seeing the situation, players like Ouyang Shuo didn't go offline and just rested in the tents. If not, and if they didn't go online on time, it would be a tragedy.

Around early morning the next day, before the sun came out, Chiyou tribe started to keep their tents.

When the Yellow Emperor received the news, he ordered his troops to do the same. Both sides knew that they were rushing against time, and they couldn't afford to delay. Last night, all the troops had slept with their armor on and items packed to be ready to go at any moment.

When the sun rose up, the life and death chase resumed once more.

The reddish sunlight didn't give the Chiyou tribe warriors any warmth. They were like onions, shaved off layer by layer. Those in the middle felt a cold sense of desperation.

At that time, even Chun Shenjun couldn't stand his troops dying. After discussing with Xiongba, they took their 3000 strong force and left the battlefield. Now only the 1000 strong Blood Metal Union was left. Zhan Lang was from the military, so he obviously didn't desert.

Unfortunately, not everyone had the same honor as Zhan Lang. The other members of the Blood Metal Union were not from the military. At first they respected his decision, but as the battle got worse and worse, they left him. In the end they were only left with the 300 men from Blood Red Town.

This chase that was destined to be recorded in history continued for 4 whole days. Both sides were quickly running out of grain. As they went south, even when they went past the stronghold they didn't dare to stop and resolutely rushed towards the main camp that they had set in the south.

On that day, they successfully escaped to the Xiongli valley. Any more south would lead to the Hutuo river. The river originated from the Fire Emperor tribe territory, joined with the Fuyang river, and flowed into the Bohai sea. The main camp of the Jiuli tribe was south of the Fuyang river.

Chiyou knew that the Yellow Emperor wouldn't give him the chance to cross the Hutuo river. If he continued to escape, he would be destined to lose all his troops. As the leader of the Jiuli tribe, he had the responsibility to leave something for this tribe.

On that night, Chiyou gathered the few brothers that survived and said, "Seems like the Yellow Emperor is dead bent on killing all of us. I can't be so selfish to bring you all on this road. For the future of the tribe, I've decided to fight to the death with the Yellow Emperor. You are all my brothers, and I can't let the Jiuli bloodline die like this. Hence, I chose 4 people to lead a group of elite to leave the valley in the darkness, cross the Hutuo river, cross the Fuyang river and continue down south. They’d bring our people into the mountains. Who is willing to take up this responsibility?"

"Big brother I won't go, I'll fight alongside you."

"I won't go too."

"Even if I die I'll die with brother."

Of Chiyou's brothers, none were cowards and wanted to escape. He was touched, but helpless. In the end he chose 4 smarter brothers and forced them to leave.

After that choice, Chiyou looked for Zhan Lang and gave him an a rank branch quest to send this batch of elites to leave the Xiongli valley.

Zhan Lang was shocked and surprised; his determination had been rewarded. One must know that the basic rewards of a rank quest were 500 merit points and 3200 battle contribution points. This trip was really not a waste.



* * *





Chapter 141




Chapter 141 - Battle of Zhuolu part 15



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Levs



When the sun rose up once again over the horizon, the Chiyou tribe which was in a tough situation did not escape but instead chose to defend in the valley.

Standing beside the Yellow Emperor’s chariot, Ouyang Shuo looked towards the Xiongli Valley and felt very emotional. Seems like this tough battle was finally coming to an end.

"Feng Qing, this time Chiyou didn't retreat and instead chose to defend, is he planning another scheme?" At the crucial moment, the Yellow Emperor still had faith in his prime minister.

Feng Qing shook his head and said,"Your majesty, going down south will be the Hutao river. I think Chiyou had already guessed that he wouldn't be able to cross the river under our eyes. Hence he decided to have a life or death battle with you in the valley."

The Yellow Emperor was delighted, "Great, Chiyou is looking for death." It was not a surprise that the Yellow Emperor was so delighted. Their military grain supplies were nearly used up and if they continued on chasing after Chiyou, their army would probably collapse even before Chiyou’s surrender. Luckily he had the blessing of the heavens, the Hutao river cut off Chiyou's last hope at surviving.

"I order the troops to sit at the pans and start cooking, after the meal, we will start our final attack. Let's take the valley in one strike and kill Chiyou!" The Yellow Emperor said excitedly.

"Yes!"

This final battle didn't have any suspense, the difference in military power was too huge. The Fire and Yellow Emperor alliance had 80 thousand men. Apart from that, they also had 4 thousand player troops. In the Chiyou tribe, there were less than 8 thousand men and 0 player troops.

Ouyang Shuo didn't know if Xunlong Dianxue's choice was right or not. Before the battle, he made use of the advantage of the military grain pill and showed his crazy quest hunting nature, sweeping a lot of branch quests and getting 7500 battle contribution points. After the battle, Xunlong Dianxue's 200 men didn't make any waves and left the battlefield early.

At 9AM, the Fire and Yellow Emperor alliance officially launched their Attack.

The Xiongli Valley was like a little pocket, the outside was small and the inside was wide and spacious. The narrow opening of the valley made it such that you couldn't spread out your troops. Hence, even though the Fire and Yellow Emperor alliance had many troops, they had no choice but to launch their attack in waves.

To buy enough time for the troops that had escaped, Chiyou arranged all 8 thousand of his troops at the opening, not leaving any route to retreat to. At the same time, to raise the morale of his troops, Chiyou personally led his troops.

Hence, the battle which was originally one out in the wilderness now became a battle to storm a fortified position.

The alliance still had the absolute numbers advantage and made use of a strategy where they sent warriors in batches. Feng Hou split the troops into 8 groups and apart from one 10 thousand man group which acted as the backup, the remaining 7 launched attacks in batches. When the 10 thousand were tired, 10 thousand were swapped in. When the group had finished resting, they would go back up and this cycle would continue to repeat.

On the opposite side, the Chiyou tribe was not so lucky and had to keep up with a long period of fighting. However, it was not like they did not have any advantage. Their soldiers had the do or die mentality and had nothing to lose. Secondly, be it weapons or morale, the Chiyou tribe was stronger than the attacking troops. With that, the Chiyou tribe actually managed to stubbornly defend.

Not being able to get past, the Yellow Emperor was starting to get anxious. If this carried on, even if they managed to destroy them in the end, his troops will also suffer heavy casualties and that wasn't what the Yellow Emperor wanted to see.

The Yellow Emperor looked around and said seriously, "With the current situation in hand, does anyone have a good plan?"

Ouyang Shuo bowed and said, "Your majesty, the player forces would like to fight!"

The Yellow Emperor's eyes froze," Qiyue Wuyi, the war isn't a game. Do you have confidence?"

"As long as your majesty promises me two things, I promise that I will get the Chiyou tribe in one strike. If I fail, I'm willing to accept any punishment." Ouyang Shuo did not waste any time.

Yellow emperor jolted up, finally gaining back some confidence and saying loudly, "Okay, say your terms. As long as I can do it, I will."

Ouyang Shuo nodded and said, "Your majesty, as you know our player force is not under one leader and thus is hard to command. Hence my first wish is for you to give out a battle quest to let all players pass their troops to my control."

"Okay, it is done." The Yellow Emperor did not hesitate.

As he heard that, Ouyang Shuo's ear sounded out with the system notification.

"Battle Notification: The Yellow Emperor has given a quest [The Final Battle].

Mission requirements: The Yellow Emperor Camp players has to agree to pass their troops to representative Qiyue Wuyi. Mission rewards: 2n merit points, 4n battle contribution points, n being the number they have.”

Using the lowest number of 100 men, purely using the mission rewards one would get 200 merit points and 400 battle contribution points. Other than that, the troops that they kill will be recorded under their respective lords. This kind of temptation was not what any player could resist. Even Di Chen couldn't bear to leave the rewards and gritted his teeth and accepted the quest.

Ouyang Shuo continued, "Your majesty, using only 4 thousand player troops is a bit thin. Hence for my second term, it would be for you to let General Limu and General Chang Xian to lead 5 thousand elites to assist us and attack together."

Hearing his terms, the Yellow Emperor became more confident in his plan and nodded, "Good, it seems like you aren't doing this on impulse. I agree."

"Thank you for your trust." Ouyang Shuo knew that if he won this battle, it would confirm his absolute advantage.

Ouyang Shuo turned towards the player forces and gathered Bai Hua and the others and started dishing out orders.

"In this battle it will be hard to use cavalry, hence we will mainly use sword shield soldiers and archers. I suggest that General Shi will be the main general and Mu Guiying will be the vice general. What do you all think?"

Bai Hua and the others were getting more and more confident and had utmost faith in him, naturally they listened to him.

After getting the agreement of his allies, Ouyang Shuo started to arrange the troops. In his plan, there was the absolute need to ensure that the generals had absolute control. Hence not only will Ouyang Shuo not participate personally, the other players who were generals will also not participate.

Luckily the remaining forces were allies of Shanhai Town. Di Chen's Handan Alliance only had 500 men. As for the other players, they only had 200 left. The other 3300 players were Shanhai Town and its alliance's.

Out of the 3300 men, the Shanhai Alliances core had 1600 men left. The player force had lost more than half as casualties and Shanhai Alliance only lost one fifth, it was really rare and difficult. The 400 that died were mostly sword shield soldiers and cavalry, the archers were barely hurt.

In the last calculation, there were 4000 men player force, 2000 of which were sword shield soldiers, 1500 were archers and 500 were cavalry. The cavalry, after 2 sneak attacks had lost the most. In this battle, they were immediately excluded.

After the player force was reorganized, Limu and Chang Xian had already chosen their teams and both led 2500 troops. Under the recommendation of Qianshou, the 2000 sword shield soldiers were to be at the front and go straight up against Chiyou. The 1500 archers will be the backup and provide cover fire. Limu's troops will be at the right wing and Chang Xian at the left wing.

After the arrangements were settled, they waited for the 10000 men squad to retreat. Ouyang Shuo wasn't going to give them any time to rest and this final trump card went straight up.

Before leaving, Ouyang Shuo talked to General Shi alone and had a detailed conversation. As for the contents of the conversation, even Bai Hua and the others didn't know.

The final battle had finally arrived.

The drained Chiyou tribe, seeing the sword shield soldiers at the front, were shocked. The well equipped sword shield soldiers made up for the difference in strength and morale. Especially the squadrons at the furthest in front, this time Ouyang Shuo had sacrificed his own troops and placed Shanhai Town's 3 infantry squadrons at the front. The elite barbarian warriors against the Jiuli tribe warriors, not lacking in the least.

As for Chiyou himself, he was intercepted by General Shi. This could be called the battle of the trump cards.

Seeing Ouyang Shuo's troop formation, the other players did not have any rights to say anything demeaning. Ouyang Shuo knew that to win the respect of other players, one needed to throw himself out during the crucial moment and make some sacrifices.

The bowmen and crossbowmen at the back started the assault.

Under Mu Guiying's accurate commanding, 1500 archers let the Chiyou tribe witness the strength of bows and crossbows from centuries later. The long distance and strong penetrative ability destroyed the Chiyou tribe. They were like wheat, getting harvested row by row.

The frontline was blocked by General Shi's sword shield soldiers and couldn't advance an inch. The left and right wings were blocked off by Limu and Chang Xian’s troops. The helpless Chiyou could only watch on and see his family and friends from his hometown die under the player army's strong bows and crossbows. The Jiuli warriors looked at the arrows in their chest, their faces filled with doubt.

Even the Fire Emperor and Yellow Emperor, who were standing far away, were stunned by the sheer power. The Yellow Emperor sighed, he did underestimate these players. Luckily they didn't belong to this world, if they did then who is the leader and who is the follower, it was hard to tell.



* * *





Chapter 142




Chapter 142 - Battle of Zhuolu part 16



Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Jun



In Xiongli Valley, the God of War, Chiyou welcomed the last battle of his life.

The powerful wargod faced the wild sky and gave a loud unwilling roar. He held a copper axe which had white bones inlaid within, fighting against General Shi.

Chiyou forgot about his original mission, forgot that he was fighting for the Jiuli tribe, forgot about the men who were behind him. The him now was just a warrior fighting to win this battle.

His strength and ability utterly ignited General Shi's fighting prowess and desire for battle.

Ever since he was summoned by Ouyang Shuo, he had never fought with all his strength as there was no one of his level. However, Chiyou was undoubtedly his best match.

Chiyou was undoubtedly strong. Not only did he have godly strength, but his technique was great too. His style didn't have any useless strokes and was trained and consolidated after countless battles on the battlefield.

In terms of strength, General Shi couldn't compete with Chiyou. However, he won in terms of the strength of his spear technique. Furthermore, his Bintie Spear, which was made with iron was several levels better than the copper axe. Adding the tiger scale armor, General Shi had the absolute advantage in terms of equipment.

Of the two men, one could be considered manly, using strength to destroy technique, while the other used technique to cover the lack of strength.

This battle was one that crossed generations, and it attracted everyone's attention. The soldiers on both sides had the tacit understanding to stop and leave a suitable enough space for the two to fight.

Although Chiyou had been fighting for a long time, as his body was different from a normal person’s, his stamina flowed on and was limitless. Even if General Shi had saved his energy and was fully recharged, the two of them would still be going neck and neck.

As the battle proceeded, General Shi got more and more excited. He displayed the burning sun spear technique to perfection, each move and stance showing the style of a real master.

To Ouyang Shuo, who was standing from afar, it was his first time seeing General Shi use the burning sun spear technique to such a level, making him look on in awe.

Zhang Liao also had a realization that the gap between him and a emperor-level general was so huge.

Facing General Shi's attack, the war god Chiyou didn't back down and waved his axe, turning all his attacks into nothing. From time to time he would find chances to counterattack.

Regarding the Bintie Spear and copper axe, both weapons were of similar length and the main poles were both made of wood. The only difference was that at the end one was iron and the other copper. As time went on, the advantage of the bintie spear started to show. As the spear hit the axe, one after another, holes and chips started to appear.

However, a war god was a war god. Even if his weapon was damaged, his spirit wasn't affected. The strong and powerful hacks gave General Shi a lot of pressure and close shaves with death. There were many times that General Shi wanted to pull off some spear stances but because of the difference in strength, his hand was numb from the shock.

The close battle had slowly reached its climax.

The dust from the ground spread all around until one couldn't see the opposite figure. The Warriors of both sides shouted the names of their generals, cheering them on.

As time flowed, General Shi slowly got the upper hand. He managed to display the strength of his weapon and attack Chiyou's axe, causing the white bones on it to shatter. This tactic was very strenuous on Chiyou's body.

At that moment, Chiyou, who was covered in blood, let out a huge roar. His muscles protruded out and at first glance, it seemed that he became bigger. A bloody scent exuded from his body, scaring everyone's soul.

The soldiers who were around were unable to withstand the evil scent. Even the injured soldiers were attacked by the scent such that they bled and died.

Such a shocking change stunned everyone.

"That's not good." The Yellow Emperor gasped in shock. "This is the devil god bloodline in Chiyou's body. It would multiply his battle ability. I'm afraid General Shi is not his opponent."

"Then what should we do?" Ouyang Shuo was anxious. If General Shi was killed by Chiyou, then it would be a disaster for Shanhai Town. Any reward wouldn't be able to help cover up this loss.

"There's no need to panic." The Yellow Emperor was calm. "With today's plan, we can only use our numbers to win. Chiyou activated his bloodline, but it won't last for long and as long as we block this wave, Chiyou is dead for sure."

The Yellow Emperor turned and looked at Feng Hou, saying, "Sound the drums and order Limu and Chang Xian to help corner Chiyou. We have to take him down."

"Yes your majesty." Feng Hou didn't dare be slow and acted immediately.

The battle boiled the blood of the two generals who were at separate wings. They yearned to join in. The moment they heard the drums, they charged towards Chiyou without any hesitation.

General Shi was in a tough situation. Luckily he had been through many battles, and such a close one was normal. The aura that Chiyou exuded did not have a huge negative effect on him. What was difficult was the terrifying strength which became even worse after the activation of the bloodline.

General Shi did not dare to go blow for blow with Chiyou. He tried to retaliate slightly and his whole hand numbed up. At this point, the vast experience of General Shi came into good use. When he realised the situation he was in, he immediately started to sidestep and engage in a slippery battle.

Chiyou hollered, such a crafty opponent gave him a feeling that he had a body filled with energy that he couldn't use. The devil god blood had corrupted his mind and made him even crazier. His style was less exquisite, and it was just random chops and hacks.

This was when Chang Xian and Limu both arrived. The brothers of Chiyou wanted to help but they were blocked by Zhao Sihu. He knew that protecting General Shi's safety was his main Mission. Hence, he definitely wouldn't allow Chiyou's few brothers to get him out of the situation.

A chaotic battle had opened up once again.

With reinforcements, General Shi heaved a sigh of relief. The opponent in front of him was not something he could use normal logic and conjecture to deal with. Activating a bloodline was something that only could happen during the wild era.

The 3 of them stood in a circle like how one would surround a wild beast, changing positions constantly to keep Chiyou in the center. Chiyou charged left and right, but he was simply unable to hurt the three of them. In a fit of anger, he let out a roar.

The war god Chiyou had walked onto his final leg.

After half an hour, the magic god blood that Chiyou had activated slowly wore off, and the negative effects started to show. His strength and speed was worse than usual. The strength and stamina that seemed to be endless before had started to slowly wane.

He slowly started to awaken and see clearly. Upon seeing the situation in front of him, he didn't choose to back off and hollered ‘Kill!’ before charging towards General Shi.

General Shi didn't retreat and screamed, "Kill!"

At that point, Limu and Chang Xian both retreated with a tacit understanding and left the battlefield to them two.

The two were once again engaged in battle, but the battle had changed. The wargod Chiyou couldn't suppress General Shi's attacks, and under his assault he seemed to start panicking.

At last, General Shi grabbed the chance and destroyed his copper axe with the spear. Losing his weapon, Chiyou was destined to lose. But he didn't back down and held the broken wooden pole and charged at General Shi.

Why would General Shi give Chiyou a chance? He used his spear to push aside the wooden pole and stabbed it directly into Chiyou's chest. Following which, General Shi used his ultimate attack, and one could see that his bintie spear started to quickly rotate and stabbed his heart into shreds.

This stab was the pinnacle of power and technique. One must know that once the spear was stabbed into the body, to pull it out one needed much strength, and needed even more to rotate it inside the body.

The burning sun spear technique's real skill was this stab. The rotating spear head would heat up and burn, burning the opponent into ashes and thus getting its name of burning sun.

Chiyou opened both his eyes and looked at General Shi in disbelief. He looked down at his chest. There was already a huge hole dripping with fresh blood.

If your heart were shredded, even a war god wouldn't be able to survive. The war god of a generation fell to the floor and covered the ground in blood, dyeing it red.

The moment he died, General Shi walked beside him and from his body found an old little bottle which he sneakily kept.

Seeing Chiyou die in battle, the Jiuli warriors couldn't muster anymore courage and the fight left them, their mouths agape in disbelief.

At this moment, the Yellow Emperor displayed the heart of a king. He walked forward and told the warriors, "Jiuli race warriors, you have tried your best. Surrender and I promise you will all be safe."

If one could live, no one would wish to die. Since their leader Chiyou was dead, their reason for fighting was already lost. At that time, surrender would be the logical reason.

The only ones that didn't surrender were Chiyou's few brothers.

Only after rounding up the remaining Jiuli tribe troops did the Yellow Emperor find out that some of the Chiyou tribe members had left the Xiongli Valley, and he immediately ordered Chang Xian to chase.

Of course, they would just try their best. Such a long time had passed. They would’ve already gotten across the Hutuo river, and catching them was harder than climbing the sky.

Killing Chiyou, the Yellow Emperor's prestige had risen to a whole new level. He had replaced Shennong, and the time was right for him to be the ruler of the land.

The excited Yellow Emperor beheaded Chiyou and brought the troops back to Yellow Emperor City to get their rewards. As the greatest contributor to this war, Ouyang Shuo had the right and the luck to travel beside the Yellow Emperor’s chariot.



* * *





Chapter 143




Chapter 143 Battle of Zhuolu part 17

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor : Levs

Before going back, Ouyang Shuo tabulated the overall loses in this battle.

Before the battle of Xiongli Valley, Shanhai Town had 1600 men. After the battle, they had lost 200 more sword shield soldiers and only 1400 men had survived.

Shanhai Town's thousand men army was now only left with 700.

Of the 700, 100 were cavalry, 50 heavy armoured infantry, 100 sword-shield infantry, 150 archers and 300 crossbowmen. The ones with the heaviest casualties were the cavalry and the sword shield soldiers, losing nearly half. As for the archers, they were on the backlines and barely had any loss, only losing 50 archers.

What pained Ouyang Shuo the most were the 100 Qingfu horses that were lost along with the cavalry. As the cavalry took up the role of charging in, as long as the soldier died, the horse will not be able to return and all practically died on the battlefield.

Out of all his allies, Mu Lanyue was the luckiest. She brought 100 archers and none of them were hurt. The worst was Bai Hua who brought 300 cavalry and lost nearly 200. After all, the cavalry from the Consonance Village were class changed from the system so they were riding basic war horses which couldn't compare to the Qingfu horses from Shanhai Town.

Apart from that, the sword shield soldiers that Gong Chengshi and Feng Qiuhuang had brought, half were lost. If Ouyang Shuo didn't place the sword shield soldiers of Shanhai Town at the front, they might have lost even more.

Such a strong alliance like Shanhai Town, who had all the advantages still had a casualty rate of a third. As for the other players, they lost more than half. As for Di Chen, his casualty rate was close to 80% and it could practically be said as completely annihilated.

From this, one could see the difficulty and harshness of the battle map.

Luckily there were rewards, the moment he returned to the Yellow Emperor City, a battle notification sounded in his ear.

"Battle Notification: The Battle of Zhuolu has officially ended. We will now begin to calculate the overall contributions of the players and their extra contribution points."

Closely after, an individual notification resounded in Ouyang Shuo's ear.

"System Notification: Player Qiyue Wuyi, representative player in the Yellow Emperor camp, destroyed the stalemate between the forces with the cavalry sneak attack strategy, benefiting the Yellow Emperor camp; contributed the south pointing chariot, helping the battle progress; in the battle of Xiongli valley, stood out at the crucial moment to decide the outcome of battle. Awarded 30000 extra battle contribution points."

After calculating all the other extra contribution points of other players, the final leaderboard was settled.

Position - Name - Battle contribution points 1st: Qiyue Wuyi - 80000 points 2nd: Bai Hua - 25000 points 3rd: Feng Qiuhuang - 18000 points 4th Zhan Lang - 15000 points 5th: Chun Shenjun - 12000 points 6th: Xunlong Dianxue - 10000 points 7th: Di Chen - 8000 points 8th: Mu Lanyue - 7500 points 9th: Gong Chengshi - 6000 points 10th: Feng Qingyang - 5500 points

Relying on the reward for killing Chiyou and the extra reward of 30 thousand battle contribution points, and also the kills of the cavalry and the archers, as well as the branch quests and the final battle mission rewards, Ouyang Shuo led far in front with 80 thousand points.

Following behind was Bai Hua. The 2 sneak attacks, Zhang Liao led 300 Consonance Town cavalry and played a huge role. Hence in the extra contribution points calculation, Bai Hua obtained 10 thousand battle contribution points and was only second to Ouyang Shuo.

As compared to Bai Hua, the reward that Feng Qiuhuang received was far less, thankfully she had brought 200 archers who netted her some kills, if not her battle contribution points would be a lot lesser.

The 4th-6th positions were taken up by the Chiyou camp. Zhan Lang was rewarded for his determination and had climbed above Chun Shenjun, ranking the highest in the Chiyou camp. As for Xunlong Dianxue, he relied on his branch quests, if not he wouldn't have gotten such a high position.

Di Chen who had lost nearly all of his troops managed to get a position on the leaderboard in the end.

The 8th and 9th position were Mu Lanyue and Gong Chengshi. If Ouyang Shuo didn't pay extra care to them while organizing the troops, those two probably wouldn't get into the leaderboard. The reason why Mu Lanyue was higher than Gong Chengshi was because of Mu Guiying and her 100 archers.

The last position was Feng Qingyang who didn't make a sound. However, he did manage to defeat Xiongba, Wufu, Sha Pojun and Wandering Magic to get the last spot.

Based on the entire leaderboard, the most extravagant ones would obviously be Ouyang Shuo and his Shanhai Alliance, claiming half the leaderboard and the top 3 of the leaderboard.

After the battle contribution leaderboard was set, the system started to distribute the rewards. The blissful occasion that Ouyang Shuo had been waiting for has arrived.

"System Notification: Congratulations player Qiyue Wuyi for earning 80000 battle contribution points, following the 10:1 ratio, awarded 8000 merit points."

"System Notification: Congratulations player Qiyue Wuyi for being the first place in the leaderboards, awarded 4000 merit points."

Ouyang Shuo had earned 12000 merit points at once, adding the 1400 merit points from the branch quests and the 1600 from the final quest from the Yellow Emperor, Ouyang Shuo earned 15000 merit points from the whole of the Battle of Zhuolu. What was unfortunate was that the battle map didn't give any experience rewards regardless of player or NPC.

Only relying on this battle, the rewards that Ouyang Shuo had got was equal to the total merit points that he earned in the main map. This looked exaggerated but if one thought about the difficulty to increase rank, it was not exaggerated at all.

Adding the merit points from this battle, Ouyang Shuo's rank had just barely got to 1st rank earl, the distance to 3rd rank marquis was 20000 merit points which was a very long journey.

After finishing the battle contribution point and merit point rewards, Bai Hua and the others took their troops and left the battle map. Only Ouyang Shuo remained as he still needed to go to the palace to collect his final reward.

Before leaving, Bai Hua specially thanked Ouyang Shuo. In this battle, she was the 2nd biggest winner, earning 6100 merit points and becoming a 3rd rank earl, only a small set away from a 2nd rank earl.

The others had also risen in rank. Feng Qiuhuang rose from 3rd rank earl to 2nd rank earl; Mu Lanyue and Gong Chengshi from 3rd rank viscount to 1st rank viscount.

As for Xunlong Dianxue, as they weren't from the same camp, he wasn't sure of his situation. However his position and also the rewards from the branch quests, Ouyang Shuo guessed that he would at least be a 3rd rank earl. After all, the rewards of the branch quests were quite generous.

After saying goodbye to everyone, Ouyang Shuo walked into the palace alone.

At this time, the Yellow Emperor was giving out rewards to the soldiers and his officials. Upon seeing Ouyang Shuo, the Yellow Emperor got up from his seat and said, "Welcome, our greatest contributor."

Ouyang Shuo bowed and said respectfully, "I don't have enough skill, I don't dare to accept your praise."

The Yellow Emperor waved it off and said, "You don't need to be humble. I know that you need to return to your own world so I won't waste your time."

The Yellow Emperor took out two books and personally passed it to Ouyang Shuo and said, "This is your reward, take it!"

Ouyang Shuo couldn’t resist his excitement and took the two books, "Thank you, your majesty!"

"You can go now!"

Ouyang Shuo did not leave and instead stood in the main hall, his face looking a little hesitant.

"Why, do you have something to say?"

Ouyang Shuo gritted his teeth and asked "Your majesty, I have a request."

"What?" The Yellow Emperor frowned.

"I would like your majesty to reward me one of your personal items." Ouyang Shuo said nervously.

If it was not for Ouyang Shuo's huge contributions, the Yellow Emperor would have immediately declined. As for this kind of rude behaviour, the Yellow Emperor was unhappy. He was the leader of a generation and had the power to control the nation.

He sighed, the number of personal items he had were little, the only one he could take out was the wolf tooth necklace around his neck. Thinking about what the Fire Emperor mentioned that it was him that saved Nuwa, he didn't hesitate and took off the necklace and passed it to him, " This is an item that I have kept for a long time, I hope you can cherish it well."

Ouyang Shuo was stunned, he never expected that the Yellow Emperor would give such a valuable gift, saying gratefully, "Thank you, your majesty, for your gift, I will never forget it."

The Yellow Emperor waved his hand, "Okay, I've already given you your gift, you can leave now."

"Yes!" This time, Ouyang Shuo didn't hesitate and instantly left.

Ouyang Shuo walked out of the palace but didn't look at the two books straight away, instead he rushed out of the city to meet with his troops and prepared to leave the map.

Leaving wasn't as troublesome as entering. The battle map didn't have a teleportation formation and as long as players wanted to return, the system would teleport them and their troops back. Also, it didn't cost any teleportation fees and such was very humane.

Ouyang Shuo took one last look at the wilderness and said softly, "Return."

A white light shone across and, Ouyang Shuo and his troops disappeared. When he opened his eyes, he was already back at the Shanhai Town teleportation formation.



* * *





Chapter 144




Sup guys!

There's still one hour left until a new year! (in my region - SEA)

So, Happy New Year to everyone!

We, Ryan and RD (translators); Jun and Lev (editors), would like to express our sincerest gratitude to you, the readers, for supporting us in the past months and even now. May we express our apologies for all the little mistakes and inconsistency in posting schedule. (mainly my fault, but don't worry, I won't "eat" the chapters.)

We hope that, in the future, our works are still able to be a daily dose of entertainment to you, our dear readers; and that if you are happy, you will support us through Patreon. (XD jkjk, it'll be very nice of you to do so, but a simply voting for us on the official page of GT is good enough.)

Last but not least, we wish all our readers to have a pleasant year, stay safe and be healthy! May Ouyang Shuo be with you!

A new year's coming, I think it's a good reason to have an extra chapter eh?

Chapter 144‍ (31st Dec 2017)

Chapter 145‍ (Extra chapter to say farewell to Year 2017!)

Chapter 146‍ and Chapter 147‍ (Patreon monthly chapters)

We hope you enjoy the chapters and once again, Happy New Year to everyone!

Cheers!

*Ps, This is where you can get early releasing chapters patreon.com/TeamTwo2

OR, alternatively, you can also,

Support and vote for us if you like TWO http://gravitytales.com/vote

(I'm outside waiting for the countdown, literally writing this post in the toilet - RD)



* * *





Chapter 145




Chapter 145 - Upgrade Application done

Translator: TeamTWO

Editor: Levs

After going offline, Ouyang Shuo could finally heave a sigh of relief. Even though it had only been 2 days in reality, Ouyang Shuo had got on and offline numerous times thanks to the battle map, it was such a torture.

After sending Bing'er to school, the first thing Ouyang Shuo did when he went home was to sleep. Taking a nap, he slept till 3PM before waking up.

Ouyang Shuo made some simple snacks to fill his tummy before returning to his room and switching on his handbrain. He went on to the forums to see the latest developments in the game.

In the forums, the most popular posts were naturally about the Battle of Zhuolu that had just ended. As players who participated in the quest had often went offline, details about the quest had never stopped. Everything in the battle map, be it big or small, was revealed by the players.

In the Battle of Zhuolu, Ouyang Shuo and the Shanhai Alliance that he led had made it big. On the forums, nearly everyone supported Ouyang Shuo. The current Shanhai Alliance was the representative of the Chinese region.

Of course, it couldn't be stopped that Shanhai Town's secretive mask had been unveiled by the players, be it the mountain barbarian warriors wearing the infantry armour or the cavalry wearing the Mingguang armor and riding on the Qingfu horse, all of which were revealed to the world.

Especially the battle between General Shi and Chiyou, it shocked everyone. Shanhai Town having an emperor rank general was also spread to everyone.

All of this brought a large amount of pressure to the players in the Lianzhou basin. What’s worse was that they didn't know which part of the basin Shanhai Town was located in. The players who had some ambition upon learning about how strong Shanhai Town was, were so anxious that they couldn't fall asleep.

Before, however famous Shanhai Town was, they were all rumors. However this time was different. The revelation of Shanhai Town's army was real and was there for everyone to see.

The thought that a dragon was hiding near their base made the lord players in Lianzhou Basin shiver in fear.

On the forums, apart from the voices supporting Shanhai Alliance, there were also many that were insulting him.

Some people pointed out that Ouyang Shuo used his representative status to sabotage other players. They said he was scheming and unethical and wasn't good enough to be the leading figure of the Chinese region. The supporters of those statements weren't little, mostly those who had been negatively impacted in the battle map.

As for these statements, Ouyang Shuo just laughed it off.

Di Chen didn't look for a fight this time, not saying anything from start to finish.

Apart from news about the Battle of Zhuolu, Ouyang Shuo cared the most about the territory upgrade to grade 1 county. In the international servers, there were already players from other regions who had applied for an upgrade to grade 1 county.

However, till date there were no territories that had successfully passed the test and upgrade.

The earliest to apply was the Sanli town from the Japanese region. Honda Keisuke wanted to get recognition and snatch the rewards so under unprepared circumstances he had applied to upgrade.

Seeing the failure of Honda Keisuke, the other lords didn't dare to act rashly. One must know that failing the application would pretty much mean giving up the chance of being the very first county.

Ouyang Shuo was sure that as long as no lord had succeeded, Shanhai Town would have a chance. He made up his mind to apply for the upgrade the moment he went online that day.

After getting off the forums, Ouyang Shuo took the spare time to practice the Yellow Emperor Internal Cultivation Technique in real life. Activating it in the game had already helped in grasping the technique and he could now practice it in reality. To prevent being interrupted, he switched off his phone and locked his door, completing closing himself off from the outside world.

When he started cultivating, the difficulty was much higher than he expected.

The first step was to hold one’s breath and focus, the second was to cut off all thoughts. In the game, players existed as a sort of a spiritual being, hence it was easy to get into that form. In reality, one thought about many things and was affected by the body, to get into such a state was not easy.

Luckily Ouyang Shuo's calmness and determination had grew recently. He tried to completely relax himself and not think about anything. When he completely let himself go, he followed the technique and rotated the chi around his body. 10 minutes later, a tiny thread of golden chi appeared in his dantian. Ouyang Shuo immediately moved it through his meridians and strengthened it using his internal strength. At the same time, his internal strength grew stronger as it regenerated.

After a whole cycle of rotating, the small strand of chi grew from a thin hair size to a size of a nylon string. Ouyang Shuo was more motivated to train harder and rotated 3 more cycles. At this time, his meridians were swelling, Ouyang Shuo didn't dare to be greedy and stopped. Seeing the 4 strands of chi in his dantian, he felt a sense of achievement. No one said that cultivation will get one hooked to it.

After stopping, Ouyang Shuo picked up his phone. It was actually 6PM already. Oh crap, Bing'er and Xiaoyue should be at home already and he still hadn't prepared dinner.

Ouyang Shuo pushed open the door and saw Bing'er watching cartoons in the living room and Xiaoyue getting busy in the kitchen.

"Brother, you are actually at home. Sister Xiaoyue called you and your phone was off." Bing'er was shocked when he saw Ouyang Shuo walk out from his room.

Ouyang Shuo walked beside the sofa and punched her cheeks, "Brother overslept."

"Oh." Bing'er didn't care and continued to watch her cartoons.

Ouyang Shuo walked into the kitchen and upon seeing Sun Xiaoyue getting busy in the kitchen, he said apologetically,"I’m sorry, I overslept in the afternoon."

Sun Xiaoyue didn't even turn around and said, "It's fine, you players that joined the battle map messed up your sleep cycles so obviously you need to make up for it. I only didn't expect that you could sleep so much, you slept a full day already."

Ouyang Shuo laughed in embarrassment, he couldn't exactly tell her that he was cultivating.

When eating, Ouyang Shuo cared for Sun Xiaoyue's progress in the game, "Xiaoyue, how's it going, how long will it take till you graduate?"

"Very quick, at most one week and I can graduate." Sun Xiaoyue said confidently.

"So fast?" Ouyang Shuo was amazed.

"That's expected. And I also made many friends in Dali, they didn't like fighting and killing so they chose working jobs."

Ouyang Shuo nodded, it seems like Xiaoyue really found her interest in the game. After dinner, Ouyang Shuo watched television together with Bing'er before returning to his room and logged into the game.

After going online, Ouyang Shuo first sent 200 gold to Xiaoyue anonymously before he forgets. Now and 3 months ago was totally different as Shanhai Town has enough resources, hence Ouyang Shuo sent more gold. Coincidentally Xiaoyue said she made some friends so having some extra gold at hand was not a bad idea.

Going back to his office, Ouyang Shuo ordered his clerk Bai Nanpu to inform the 4 directors and majors to open a military meeting at 3PM.

Ouyang Shuo made his way to the meeting room and softy mumbled about the territory upgrade application.

A white light shone across and in the middle of the meeting room, a golden stone Steele rose up from the ground. He placed his right hand on the Steele and a system notification sounded.

"System Notification: Checking if Shanhai Town meets upgrading conditions..."

"Condition 1: Population upper limit of 10 thousand reached!"

"Condition 2: All basic structures build. Conditions met!"

"Condition 3: Lord rank at least third rank earl, conditions met!"

"Condition 4: Politics, economy, culture and military, 4 indexes all no less than 45 points. Conditions met!"

"System Notification: Congratulations player Qiyue Wuyi for meeting all requirements to apply for the upgrade, will you apply to upgrade?"

"Apply!"

"System Notification: Congratulations player Qiyue Wuyi, 3 days later there will be a large scale raider attack on Shanhai Town. Please get ready."

What Ouyang Shuo didn't know was that when he submitted his application, Di Chen also did at the same time. Whoever would lose to the other, it wouldn't be known at such a time.

What was more helpless was because of the China region battle map, Ouyang Shuo had lacked behind other lords.

Apart from Sanli town that had already confirmed to have failed, Free Town from the USA and Bengalore Town from the India region had applied during these two days. As long as one succeeded, Shanhai Town would lose the right to be the first county in the world.

Contemplating too much had no benefits and all Ouyang Shuo can do now was to complete all his stuff on hand. Apart from praying that Free Village and Bengalore Village would fail, he had to be prepared to face enemies. If not, when the two towns failed and he also failed, then that would be a laughing stock.

At the end of the fourth month, after the Jifeng tribe surrendered, Shanhai Town did have a chance to apply. But Ouyang Shuo decided to give up in the end as he was not yet well prepared. Ouyang Shuo's trump card which was the chuanzi crossbow made by the Bow and Crossbow Division, they only had one, as such his mind wasn't at ease to upgrade.

Until the start of the fifth month, the 1 thousand elite mountain barbarians had finally been conscripted. What followed next was the Qingming Operation, to destroy the Tianling tribe and obtain Qingfu horses. After the operation, Ouyang Shuo had wanted to activate the upgrade but the battle quest came at the wrong time and destroyed his plans.

The Battle of Zhuolu cost Shanhai Town 300 elite soldiers. Originally, Ouyang Shuo wanted to wait for the new soldiers to replace them before applying. But Free Town and Bengalore Town application had once again disrupted his plans and he had no choice but to apply early.

Rushing so much, Ouyang Shuo himself didn't have confidence to be able to successfully upgrade.



* * *





Disclaimer





There is no guarantee the translation is 100% correct.



* * *



ASIANOVEL.COM wishes to emphasize that this translation is for review purposes only. We do not claim this intellectual property or any rights whatsoever.



* * *



Under no circumstances would you be allowed to take this work for commercial activities or for personal gain. ASIANOVEL.COM does not and will not condone any activities of such, including but not limited to rent, sell, print, auction.





